===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-08 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Earnings Conference Call. With that, I'll hand it over to Traci Mangini, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Traci Mangini: Thank you, Operator, and hello everyone. Following prepared remarks today, we look forward to taking your questions. In an effort to address as many questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have technical questions on the quarter, please reach out to the IR team. Also, I encourage you to review our earnings release and earnings slides, which are posted on the IR section of our website and provide detailed financial and operational metrics. Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to our risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as required by applicable law. The definitions of or reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial results we discuss are versus the comparable prior year period and are in U.S. dollars. With the exception of earnings per share, all financial metrics are in constant currency when referencing percentage changes from the prior year period. Also, share data references are sourced from Circana in the U.S. and from Beer Canada in Canada, unless otherwise indicated. Further, in our remarks today, we will reference underlying pre-tax income, which equates to underlying income before income taxes, and underlying earnings per share, which equates to underlying diluted earnings per share, as defined in our earnings release. Now with that, over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Traci. Hello, everybody, and thank you for joining the call. Like for so many of our peers in Staples, it certainly was a challenging first quarter. The global macroeconomic environment is volatile due to uncertainty around the effects of geopolitical events and global trade policy, including the impacts on economic growth, consumer confidence, and expectations around inflation and currencies. These shifts have pressured consumption trends as the consumer faces a high level of uncertainty, and the beer industry has not been immune to these macro changes. Fortunately, while we are a global business, our beers and beverages are generally made in the markets in which they are sold, meaning the vast majority of our brands sold in the U.S. are made in the U.S. with U.S. ingredients. The same is true of our Canadian business. So from that perspective, we believe that we are one of the better positioned businesses in our category. Adding to the dynamics in the quarter, we had several expected shipment headwinds, as well as one-time transition and integration fees related to Fever-Tree. And given that this all occurred in our typically lowest revenue quarter of the year, there was a more pronounced impact on our quarterly results. Now we recognize that these macro-driven uncertainties persist, and it's unclear for how long. As we discuss the details around the performance in the quarter, I want to emphasize that there have been no changes in our belief in the continued strengthening of our core brands and in our long-term growth algorithm. The continued premiumization of our portfolio, ability to maintain unprecedented U.S. shop space gains, and our recent investment in Fever-Tree give us increased confidence in our long-term growth journey. But we do recognize the macro environment is impacting our performance in the near term. So we are focusing on controlling what we can control. We are taking actions to best ensure that we can navigate and mitigate the short-term challenges while continuing to support the medium and long-term health and growth objectives of the company. This means executing our strategy to further strengthen our core power brands and premiumize our business. And we have strong commercial plans globally as we head into the peak season, which is still ahead of us. It means taking a deeper look at near-term non-business critical discretionary cost-saving opportunities to help protect profitability. And it means adjusting our 2025 capital expenditure plans to best ensure we are utilizing our strong annual free cash flow in the most prudent ways, given the current environment. This entails refining capital investments to focus on our highest priority growth and productivity initiatives while continuing to return cash to shareholders. Now, while these mitigation efforts are helpful, the magnitude of the impacts of the macroeconomic environment and industry has been much greater so far this year than we had expected. For example, the University of Michigan Consumer Sentiment Index fell by nearly 20 percentage points since the beginning of the year and GDP turned negative for the first quarter. Amid these pressures on the macro and consumer environment, we are updating our guidance for the full year and we now expect a low single-digit net sales revenue decline on a constant currency basis as compared to low single-digit growth previously, a low single-digit underlying pre-tax income decline on a constant currency basis as compared to mid-single-digit growth previously, and a low single-digit underlying earnings per share growth as compared to high single-digit growth previously. However, we are reaffirming our underlying free cash flow guidance of $1.3 billion, plus or minus 10%. Now, Tracey will touch more on the guidance driver shortly, but now let's take a moment to discuss the quarter. Consolidated net sales revenue was down 10.4%, underlying pre-tax income was down 49.5%, and underlying earnings per share was down 47.4%. The top line performance was meaningfully impacted by volume performance, particularly in the U.S. U.S. financial volume was down 15.7% and this lagged U.S. brand volume, which was down 8.8%. As I mentioned, the unexpected macroeconomic pressures on consumer consumption behavior were a big driver of our results. However, there were several expected headwinds in the quarter that contributed to the volume performance. We were cycling significantly high demand in the first quarter of last year when SDRs were up 5.8%. There was also one less trading day in the first quarter this year, which adversely impacted the U.S. brand volume trend by 140 basis points. There were also shipment timing dynamics. In the first quarter of 2024, we deliberately built inventory as we prepared for the possible strike at our Fort Worth brewery, which, as you know, became a reality. And as a result, STWs outpaced STRs by over 750,000 hectoliters. In the first quarter of this year, STWs outpaced STRs by only 200,000 hectoliters. This had a nearly 500 basis point negative impact on U.S. financial volume in the quarter. Further, as we expected, we cycled a combined approximate 590,000 hectoliters of contract brewing volume for Pabst in the U.S. and Labatt in Canada in the first quarter of 2024. This contract brewing volume, which related to agreements that terminated at the end of 2024, had a negative 4 percentage point impact on America's financial volume for the quarter. Again, while the exit of this contract brewing is a temporary volume headwind, we expect to have a positive impact in 2025 and beyond on mix, margin, and brewery network effectiveness. In fact, net sales revenue per hectoliter in the Americas was up 4.8%. In addition to favorable net price and growth, it was driven by mix benefits, which largely resulted from the exit of this contract brewing volume. It also benefited from positive brand mix led by the addition of Fever-Tree in the U.S., which is already showing early positive signs in our investment thesis and its long-term impact on our business. In EMEA and APAC, our financial volume was down 9.7% due to soft industry demand across our regions and the heightened competitive landscape. However, this was partly offset by net sales revenue per hectoliter growth of 5.4% driven by favorable sales mix, including high effective brand volume and continued premiumization and increased pricing. From a consolidated earnings perspective, we continue to closely manage costs while maintaining strong commercial support for our brands globally. However, lower volumes, volume deleverage, higher input costs, and one-time Fever-Tree transition and integration fees of approximately $30 million negatively impacted bottom-line results. Our underlying free cash flow was negative $265 million. The first quarter is typically a cash-use quarter and our smallest quarter of the year in terms of revenue and profit. Still, we invested $88 million for an 8.5% equity stake in Fever-Tree Drinks PLC and returned nearly $160 million to shareholders through a higher quarterly dividend as well as ongoing share repurchases. Despite a volatile quarter, we continue to view our valuation as compelling given our belief in our business and in our long-term growth algorithm. In fact, for the first six quarters since the share repurchase program was announced, we had already executed over 40% of this up-to-five-year program, which if you straight line the number would have us at only 30%. And this belief comes from our commitment to our strategy and our ability to execute it. Through continued brand support and investments in our capabilities and partnerships, we are making progress in advancing our strategic priorities. I'll start with our core power brands. In the U.S., Coors Light, Miller Lite, and Coors Banquet have combined 15.4 volume share as compared to 13.5 in the first quarter of 2023. Said differently, these brands combined were up 1.9 share points since the first quarter of 2023, continuing to demonstrate that the step change improvement in volume share performance is sticky. Please refer to Slide 18 in our earnings deck, which highlights our strong and sustained share performance. And very importantly, we have retained the collective unprecedented U.S. shelf space gains for our core portfolio, which we achieved last spring. All this reflects the ongoing strength and resilience of these brands. Coors Banquet's momentum continued to accelerate with brand volume up double digits and growing industry share for the 15th consecutive quarter. And this is no small brand. Banquet is our third largest revenue brand in the U.S. In fact, it remains the fastest growing top 15 brand in the U.S. on a volume percentage growth basis. And retailers certainly recognize this as evidenced by the 20% distribution gains in the quarter, with growing distribution across every channel. And we expect the brand's strong momentum to continue based on the distribution gains that we are seeing with spring resets. And still, Banquet has only half of the outlets buying compared to Coors Light. And its awareness is significantly below those of other big beer brands. So we are investing to unlock the big opportunity that lies ahead. And we see no reason Banquet can't ultimately become a top 10 U.S. brand. In Canada, Coors Light remains the number one light beer in the industry, while the Molson family of brands gained volume share again this quarter, with gains accelerating in the quarter for this brand with deep Canadian roots. This performance has helped us to drive eight consecutive quarters of shared growth, despite the challenging industry backdrop. In America and APAC, a number of our core power brands are leaders in their respective markets. Carling remains a top lager in the U.K., with strong brand equity among its core drinkers in the highly competitive U.K. beer market. And we have continued to take a value over volume approach, which is weighed on volume performance. In Central and Eastern Europe, Ožujsko in Croatia maintained its position as the segment leader and continued to increase value segment share on a rolling 12-month basis, while Caraiman in Romania, which launched last year and has had strong trials, continued to gain value share of segment in the quarter. This has been despite industry softness in the region related to escalating global political and economic tensions. Turning to our premiumization priority for both beer and beyond beer, in the Americas, Canada continued to premiumize, driven by the ongoing success of Miller Lite, which is the fastest growing major beer brand in this market on a percentage basis, as well as by our flavor portfolio. We are one of only two major brewers growing share of flavor in Canada. In the U.S., many of our premiumization plans for this year are just getting started as we head into peak season. In beer, the Blue Moon brand family held share of industry through February, continuing the share stabilization trends we saw in the second half of last year. In March, Blue Moon Belgian White was temporarily negatively impacted as we converted from 15 packs to 12 packs to align with broader consumer preferences and given the benefits related to margin, supply chain efficiency, and packaging consistency. And the positive momentum behind our newer innovation Blue Moon non-alc has continued, gaining over a point of dollar share in the non-alc beer segment in the quarter. Turning now to Peroni, the plans we've been talking about for a while now are just starting to kick off. As a reminder, with onshore production, we have unlocked meaningful cost savings, which we intend to deploy towards increased distribution and awareness to drive scale and margin for this brand. Through our strong commercial programs, along with improved continuity of supply and new pack sizes, we are securing more on-premise placements and expanding our presence at retail with placements up nearly 50% in chain. And while it's early days, ultimately, we expect Peroni can rival the size of other major European imports in the U.S. over time. In Beyond Beer, which is an important part of our premiumization plans, non-alc is a key focus area. It's part of our strategic ambition to build a total beverage portfolio for a wide range of consumer preferences across both traditional alcohol and non-alc occasions. It provides us with the opportunity to capture more occasions, particularly among younger legal drinking age Gen Z consumers. And we are investing behind the growing areas in non-alc, where we believe we have a right to win. Our approach in non-alc is multi-pronged. Within Beyond Beer, it includes pure players like ZOA, alcohol-adjacent products like Fever-Tree, and alcohol replacements like Naked Life. Last October, we increased our equity stake in ZOA to a majority position. By leading the entirety of the brand's marketing, retail, and direct-to-consumer sales development, and leveraging the strength of our network, we believe we can drive brand awareness and distribution. In fact, we have a significant number of new chain retailers coming on board with expanded distribution in several key accounts this spring. And we are continuing to build on our partnership with Dwayne Johnson with a new campaign that delivers an impactful, functional message, supported by a bigger media push, and the early consumer sentiment reads on the campaign are promising. And then there is Fever-Tree, the world's leading supplier of premium carbonated mixes with the number one tonic and the number one ginger beer in the U.S. since 2021. Through this strategic partnership, we have the exclusive commercialization rights to the Fever-Tree brand in the U.S., its largest market. Fever-Tree U.S. volume was approximately 500,000 hectoliters in 2024. So you can see it adds real scale to our non-alc operations. This partnership has had an immediate impact, as every single case we sell at Fever-Tree is incremental to our business. And when you consider that Molson Coors has about 500,000 outlets buying as compared to Fever-Tree, which has in the tens of thousands, we believe in the upside potential is substantial. And having just completed our distributor RFP process, we are pleased to share that Fever-Tree's direct sales to distributors will shift to the Molson Coors and affiliated non-alc beverage distributors. The excitement and responses to the RFP from the distributors demonstrate their commitment to taking Fever-Tree to the next level. So we intend to leverage the scale and strength of our distribution network, combined with our marketing capabilities, to accelerate Fever-Tree's growth over time. Turning to EMEA and APAC, Madrí's net brand revenue was up high single digits in the quarter, continuing to support premiumization in a business for which net brand revenue is already more than half above premium. This four-year-old innovation is already a top 10 brand for us globally, and we see significant runway ahead. In addition to its strong performance in its initial market of the U.K., and a very successful launch in Bulgaria last year, we just added Madrí to our portfolio in Romania in March. A deliberate expansion of this brand is not just geographic. In March, we launched Madrí 0.0 in the U.K. to capitalize on the rapidly growing non-alc segment in the market. Now, before I pass it to Tracey, I'll conclude by saying that these are dynamic and uncertain times, but we are taking steps to protect our profitability and free cash flow while continuing to execute our strategic initiatives which support our long-term growth objectives. We remain committed to supporting the health of our core power brands globally. We have strong plans to premiumize our global portfolio, building on successes in EMEA and APAC and Canada, and executing targeted programs in the U.S. We expect to build on and leverage our capabilities across our organization that support premiumization and focused innovation, supply chain efficiencies, and commercial effectiveness. And we intend to utilize our greatly enhanced financial flexibility to prudently invest in our business and return cash to shareholders. Our company, through its various iterations, has navigated volatile times for more than a century. And by being proactive and adaptive, we have often emerged even stronger. We remain focused on what we can control, taking actions to help mitigate near-term challenges while continuing to invest in our business and brands in order to achieve our growth algorithm over the long term. And with that, I will pass it to Tracey.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin. Our work over the last several years has greatly improved the efficiency of our business, from supply chain to commercial operations. These efforts have helped to drive an increase in margins over the last two years and support the further expansion opportunity that underpins our long-term growth algorithm. There are multiple drivers that impact our margins. They include pricing, mix, input costs, volume leverage, and cost savings. And the impact of those drivers vary by quarter. In the first quarter, underlying costs of goods sold per hectoliter increased 6.1%. This is mainly due to volume de-leverage, given the U.S. shipment trends Gavin discussed. In the first quarter, volume de-leverage negatively impacted underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter by 420 basis points, while in the prior year period, volume leverage was 110 basis points benefit. Mix also contributed, driving 220 basis points of the increase in underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter. This was due to lower contract brewing volume in North America and premiumization in each business unit. But importantly, while these mixed impacts increase cost of goods sold per hectoliter, they are favorable to margin. As for inflation, while we did experience moderated increases in input costs, this was largely offset by our ongoing cost savings and extensive hedging programs. MG&A was up modestly in the quarter as increases in G&A, which included one-time transition and integration fees of approximately $30 million, related to the Fever-Tree partnership, were partly offset by slightly lower marketing. Turning to the balance sheet, at quarter end, net debt to underlying EBITDA was 2.47x. This was an increase from year end 2024, as we normally see a sequential uptick in the first quarter, given lower cash balances. This ratio is in alignment with our long-term target of under 2.5x and underscores the health of our balance sheet. This, along with the highly cash-generative nature of our business, provides us more optionality in the ways that we invest in the business, be it through capital investments that drive productivity improvements or through bolt-on M&A that support our strategic growth objectives. Our recent investments in high-growth non-alc brands, like Fever Tree, are great examples. It also provides us with the opportunity to return even more cash to shareholders. We paid $99 million in cash dividends and $60 million to repurchase 1 million shares in the quarter. Since the plan was announced in October 2023, we have repurchased 7.2% of our class B-shares outstanding. It's an up to five-year $2 billion plan, and as Gavin mentioned, we have utilized over 40% in just the first six quarters. And, as we previously announced, in the first quarter, we raised our quarterly dividend to $0.47. This was an increase of 6.8% and represented our fourth consecutive year of increases, clearly demonstrating our intention to sustainably increase our dividends. And given our share repurchases, we were able to raise the dividend without incurring aggregate higher dividend cash payments. And now I'll conclude with our financial outlook. First, there's a great deal of volatility in the global macro environment, resulting in uncertainty around the effects of geopolitical events and global trade policy, including the impacts on economic growth, consumer trends, and currency. These impacts are multifaceted and difficult to predict. And while we have included in our guidance our best estimate of some of these factors, external drivers may significantly impact our actual results, either on the ground or up or down. Fortunately, as Gavin mentioned earlier, while we are a global business, our beers and beverages are generally made in the markets in which they are sold, meaning the vast majority of our brands sold in the U.S. are made in the U.S. with U.S. ingredients. And that is the same for our Canadian business. We have a limited number of brands that we import into the U.S., and their volumes are relatively small. For example, we import Molson Canadian from Canada and Sol from Mexico. Again, those very small brands in the U.S. Also, since a significant portion of our direct materials are sourced domestically or are USMCA compliant, we don't expect a material direct impact on the known tariffs on our input costs. Therefore, we believe we are one of the better positioned businesses in our category. Still, we continue to evaluate options to mitigate exposure and risk. For example, leveraging additional domestic supply where possible. And while tariffs have had indirect impacts, causing fluctuations in commodity costs like the Midwest premium, our extensive hedging program can help to mitigate some of that exposure. Lastly, please remember that net sales revenue and underlying pre-tax income growth guidance metrics are on a constant currency basis, and underlying earnings per share is not. Therefore, fluctuations in the U.S. dollar will impact our reported results as well as underlying earnings per share growth, and in the effective period using the current exchange rate. With that said, as Gavin discussed, we have updated several of our guidance metrics due to softer industry trends than we believe most expected, which we attribute to the macro shifts that we have discussed that have driven consumer uncertainty and pressured consumption trends. As such, we have updated certain key guidance metrics. We now expect a low single-digit net sales revenue decline on a constant currency basis as compared to low single-digit growth previously. A low single-digit underlying pre-tax income decline on a constant currency basis as compared to mid-single-digit growth previously. A low single-digit underlying earnings per share growth as compared to high single-digit growth previously. Lower capital expenditures incurred of $650 million, plus or minus 5%, as compared to $750 million, plus or minus 5% previously. All remaining metrics are unchanged, including underlying free cash flow of $1.3 billion, plus or minus 10%. Turning to our guidance drivers, our top line assumes an anticipated annual net price increase of 1% to 2% in North America, in line with the average historical range, and for other markets to trend in line with inflation. It also assumes mixed benefits from cycling contract brewing from 2024, as well as from premiumization. In 2025, we expect to continue to grow above premium net brand revenue in EMEA and APAC and Canada, as well as make progress in the U.S., where, as Gavin shared, we remain committed to turning Blue Moon around and are embarking on big plans for Peroni and non-alc. While Fever-Tree and the consolidation of ZOA provide incremental benefits to the top line, we will also be cycling revenue from the smaller regional crop breweries we divested in the first quarter of 2024, and more significantly, 2024 Pabst and Labatt contract brewing volume, as again, these contracts terminated at the end of last year. On a combined basis, we expect a related 1.9 million hectoliter headwind to America's financial volume in 2025. In the first quarter, we cycled about 590,000 hectoliters of this contract brewing volume on a combined basis. We will cycle a similar amount in the second quarter. Also recall that last year we had higher than typical inventory build in the U.S. related to the Fort Worth strike, which ended in mid-May. As a result, STWs outpaced STRs by approximately 1.1 million hectoliters in the first half, with STWs exceeding STRs by about 350,000 hectoliters in the second quarter of 2024. So, given that hurdle in the second quarter, we anticipate that this year's shipment trend catch-up to STRs will occur primarily in the third quarter. Moving down the P&L, we expect fixed benefits from lower contract brewing and increased premiumization, moderating inflation on input costs and productivity improvements and cost savings, to be offset by higher than previously expected volume deleverage, given industry volume trends. We continue to expect MG&A to be up for the year. This is largely driven by higher G&A related to our non-alc initiatives, which include infrastructure investments to support our total non-alc business, as well as Fever-Tree one-time transition and integration fees. Due to the timing of the RFP process, in addition to the approximately [$13 million] [ph] recorded in the first quarter, we expect to record a remaining amount of under $10 million in the second quarter. However, we expect to recover these fees in the form of a credit to net sales revenue over the next three years. These G&A increases are expected to be partly offset by deliberate actions to manage our near-term cost structure, given the current macro environment. For example, we are taking a deliberate and more restrictive approach to our recruitment efforts in the near term, and we intend to reduce certain non-business critical discretionary items like travel and entertainment. As for marketing, we intend to put the right commercial pressure behind our brand, with strong investments behind our core power brands, Peroni, the Blue Moon family, Madrí and our non-alc portfolio. We are also refining and prioritizing our capital projects for 2025. As a result, we are reducing our guidance for capital expenditures by $100 million, postponing certain projects that do not relate to significant cost savings or critical growth initiatives. We are committed to protecting and growing our underlying free cash flow, while making prudent capital allocation decisions that support our growth initiatives and allow us to return cash to shareholders. To sum it up, these are uncertain times, but we believe we have the right strategy and a healthy balance sheet and strong cash generation to continue to execute it, while continuing to return cash to shareholders. We believe we are taking the necessary steps to help protect profitability in the near term, while supporting the health of our business and brands in the medium and long term. Now, before we open it up to your questions, Gavin has a few closing remarks. Gavin?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Tracey. A few weeks ago, the company announced my intention to retire at the end of this year. After nearly 45 years in the workforce and 28 years in this incredible industry, I felt it was time. I am so proud to have been a part of Molson Coors' many accomplishments over the decades and honored to have led this great company for the last six years. Now, while the board executes our succession process, I want you to know that it is business as usual at Molson Coors. We remain hard at work, executing our strategy and focused on achieving our revised financial objectives this year. As I prepare to step aside, I remain confident in the beer industry, in the company's position, its business plans and its future. So I look forward to continuing to engage with you all, the investment community, in the months ahead as we set up the next leader to build on the company's success. And with that, we will take your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. The first question today comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Gavin, congratulations on the announcement. And I guess I could say thank you for all the patience, right? I know we've badgered a lot over the years and really appreciate that you've maintained your patience with us over that time.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, thanks for that, Bryan. I appreciate that.
Bryan Spillane: Sure, you're welcome. I have two questions. One is just with regards to this year, maybe, Gavin, just at a high level and or Tracey, just I guess if I'm reading the press release and compared to [Mark's] [ph], what's changed since the start of this year is really just the U.S. market, slower industry, slower than I guess we all expected at the start. And I guess perhaps a little bit of the promotional elements in I guess mostly in Europe. So just and I ask this just in the context of the guidance implies a bit of an improvement in organic sales over the back half of the year. And aside from the stuff that we know in terms of the comps from last year, I'm just trying to isolate like what should be what we should be watching as we go through the balance of the year to support what's implied as an improvement organic sales in the back half or in the back three quarters.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, thanks, Bryan. And thanks for the question. Look, I think a lot of what happened in the first quarter was expected by us. And I think we communicated that in on the fourth quarter earnings call, right? So the shipment timing issue, given the Fort Worth strike was expected. The Fever-Tree one-time costs were also expected. They were a little higher than we had originally anticipated. But, you know, we certainly expected the one-time costs that came through from Fever-Tree. What was unexpected was, you know, the macroeconomic conditions which have surrounded us and frankly, every almost every consumer company that has released results over the last few weeks has reported challenges with consumer confidence and consumer demand. So, we certainly didn't have an industry forecast of down around 5% in our coming in in position. And if you look out to the balance of the year and you compare it with what happened last year, if you remember in the summer of last year, we saw economic pressure that caused some value seeking behavior by the consumers and it had a direct impact on category performance. And so, whilst that was certainly the case in the largest selling season last year, by the time we got to the end of the year, it had recovered. So our forecast is that it doesn't include an ongoing consistent down five around 5% industry for the rest of the year. It does anticipate that the industry will improve from its current trend lines. So hopefully that's helpful. And maybe just to add to that, as Tracey said on the call, the pricing environment we expected to fall into that 1% to 2% historical range that we talked about last time as well. I think the other important point to note is that a lot of our activity, a lot of our plans hit in the second quarter. And so whilst we've already seen a really nice improvement in the trends of Peroni, for example, the plans really only hit now. And obviously, we've only had Fever-Tree for it for a couple of months in the first quarter and our integration and plans for that are still ahead of us. And don't forget that every case of Fever-Tree we sell is incremental to our to our business. So hopefully that helps, Bryan. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog: Yes, congratulations from me too, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: I wanted to ask, I guess, a follow up. You're welcome. I wanted to ask a follow up question on guidance. Given, I guess, the week Q1 results I'd like to hear is, you're losing more share than you thought, I guess. I assume your retained share that you've talked about in the past is now below the 80%. So if you could update us on that, that would be great. And then maybe just a little bit more color, Gavin, on the month-to-month trends during the quarter and whether your trends have accelerated in April and then into May. I guess I'm really trying to gauge the current run rate of your business in the context of the, you know, the slower than expected Q1. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie. Look, from a retention of our core power brands in the U.S., that meaningful step up that took place in 2023, we've retained almost all of that. I think when you look at where our core brands were before, Q1 of or Q2 of 2023, they were at around 13.5 share. And they almost immediately jumped up over the three-month time period in the following quarter to about 15.6. And at the end of Q1, we're at 15.4. So we've retained almost every piece of share that we gained. And I would attribute that to the health of our core brands, Coors Light, Miller Lite and Coors Banquet. I would attribute that to the tremendous work of our chain teams in gaining significant share of shelf space and actually retaining it, which is our expectation this spring. All the data that we've got suggests that we're going to retain and actually grow a little bit of share, particularly with Coors Banquet. Coors Banquet's trends are just on fire and it's being represented in our in our shelf resets. So I think that's the first point, Bonnie, is that we have retained a substantial amount of the share that we gained from a core point of view. As far as our total share trends are concerned, they have sequentially improved quarter-over-quarter since, the third quarter of last year. In Q3, I think we lost about one percentage in Q4 that improved to 0.7. And in the first quarter of this year, that improved to 2.6. So our trends have been improving quarter-over-quarter. Our Q1 trends were relatively stable through about the middle of the month. We did in mid-March have a little bit of accelerated share loss. That was two reasons. One is we made a pack, quite a meaningful pack shift change with our Blue Moon brand moving from 15s to 12s. And that caused quite a lot of disruption from a Blue Moon point of view. And the Simply, the Simply brand's share decline also accelerated because we let the Limeade innovation, which we had in Q1 of last year and innovation on Simply is actually coming in Q2 of this year. So a little bit of a timing difference there. From a from a overall industry point of view, there has been some improvement in the industry in the last four of April. And obviously, as I said to in response to Bryan's question, we are not anticipating that the industry will continue to decline at that sort of around 5% range as we go forward. So hopefully that's helpful, Bonnie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi.
Filippo Falorni: Gavin, congrats on the announcement. Maybe I want to start with the question on the beer category. Generally, look, we've been a pretty soft Q1. We've seen the trends to really not really accelerate that much into April. [Technical Difficulty]. I'm just curious what are your expectations for the balance of the year? Do you think like a decline more in the 3% to 4%? It's possible for a category that's like more of a down 1 or 2. And then on tariffs, if you follow up, it's pretty much like some of the pieces, but is there any sort of a broad impact that you're expecting within the 2025 guidance? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Filippo, I'm sorry, I caught the first part of your question, but I didn't catch the second part at all. So if you wouldn't mind just repeating the second part. We didn't catch that at all. It was a lot of disruption.
Filippo Falorni: Yes, absolutely. So the second part on tariffs, I was just curious if you can put some numbers in terms of the magnitude of the impact on a gross basis and just on the mitigation actions as well. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Filippo. Yes, got that the second time around. Trace will handle that in a second. But from an overall industry point of view, look, we don't have a public forecast of the industry for the year or the balance of the year. Just to reiterate for perspective, within the guidance that we are now revising, we have assumed that the industry will be better than what we've seen to start the year, which was down around that 5% in Q1. And we do expect over the balance of the year that we'll see the similar trend lines that we've seen over the last few years. Obviously, one quarter doesn't a year make. And there were some, we talked about the consumer confidence challenges in the macroeconomic environments. And obviously, we can't predict when that will end, but they are certainly cyclical and they will end. The timing of that is obviously uncertain. Trace, you want to talk about tariffs?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So look, from an input cost point of view, Filippo, we import a very small portion of our U.S. portfolio from Canada and Mexico. It's really only Molson and Sol, respectively, which is really small volume for the U.S. markets. We do import the majority of Fever-Tree from Europe, but, we have the ability to onshore this brand through co-manufacturing, et cetera, in our network. One of the bigger impacts would have been Peroni, but, of course, now the majority of that is produced in the U.S. So that has isolated us from tariffs. The majority, as we've said, the majority of our direct materials are sourced domestically and with USNCA compliance. So immaterial impact from a input cost point of view. The one thing that we have spoken about is our extensive hedging program. And so, we've been able to hedge commodities, even though we source locally for local production. But we have also spoken about the Midwest premium. That's one of the commodities that is difficult because of the lack of transparency to the pricing of that commodity, as well as, the ability to hedge that. It's not, as liquid as some of our other commodities. So that is the one area, that doesn't sort of behave the way that we would expect market dynamics to behave for commodities. But really, we don't expect the material impact from known tariffs right now on our input costs.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo.
Chris Carey: I actually wanted to follow up on this. Hey, Gavin. I wanted to follow up around cost, inflation, and gross margin. Then a quick follow up for Gavin. So this was the first quarter, I believe of small net favorability in cost inflation within your COGS for hectoliters disclosures of the past few years. Is there a reason that would, change notably in the coming quarters? I know you don't guide on these types of topics, but just evolution of hedges, Midwest premium, tariff inflation, I'm just struck that is slight favorability in the context of recent history. And you sound comfortable around overall inflation. And I just wonder if you could contextualize that in the context of maybe like medium term evolution of that specific bucket. Then just the follow up would be Gavin, regarding timing of leadership transition, the types of leaders you and the board will be, assessing. I'd love any context on that. And hearty congratulations as well.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks very much, Chris. I'll take your second question first, then Trace can take the cost of goods sold. Look, the process is underway. The board's looking at internal candidates and external candidates. Obviously the top priority is to navigate the process very thoughtfully, in terms of capabilities. I expect the board's paying a lot of attention to both, relevant and business and leadership experience, along with a cultural fit. But the culture that we've built here at Molson Coors is very special. And the board is intent on appointing a new CEO who will be able to galvanize our people and our partners around a clear vision for the next stage of our company. I think it's important to say that the board believes in our current long-term strategy. So obviously a new CEO will put their own stamp on the company. But the board is supportive of our long term strategy. And as I said, I think my closing remarks, Chris, business as usual, I'm going to run through the tape to the end of the year. Trace, cost of goods sold?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So thanks, Chris. So in terms of outlook for COGS for 2025, as we said in our Q4 when we were issuing guidance, we do expect underlying COGS per hectoliter to increase for 2025 due to inflation. But you're right, a lot of the investments that we've made in our business around, particularly on the COGS line to drive efficiencies and cost savings, we're starting to see that come through. So inflation did have a smaller impact to our Q1 numbers because a large part of that was offset by cost savings. The other part of our COGS was the de-leverage that we've spoken about that, the biggest driver was around de-leverage as we got out of the contract brewing arrangement. But also some of the STRs driving our financial volume. And then, the other thing just to note is that we do have the extensive hedging program. But as I said, to the previous question, the Midwest premium is the one that is a little bit more difficult to predict just because of the lack of transparency to that pricing. But in terms of hedging, we use our extensive hedging program to try and mitigate a lot of the volatility. And I think you've seen that come through in our results for the quarter and with our guidance for the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS.
Peter Grom: Gavin, congrats from my end as well. I wanted to follow up just on category growth. And clearly it's a more challenging backdrop, but just given where we are, how do you dissect, what's typical given the macro versus what may be happening structurally? And then, a follow-up to Filippo's question, I get you don't have a category growth target and maybe this is too specific, but just as we continue to monitor category trends, do you have a view on when you would anticipate category trends to improve or do you have a thought in terms of where category growth may land for the second quarter? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Peter. Look, I think it's certainly clear to us that the incremental softness that we've seen in the industry is macro driven. And, obviously we're taking actions and steps to protect our profitability in the near term, but continuing to support our brands through that. The timing of these macro driven trends is obviously not something that we can forecast. And what we do know, though, is that it's cyclical. And our expectation is over the balance of the year that we'll see a move back to industry trends, which we've experienced over the last few years. So whilst we don't have a public forecast of industry, obviously our guidance is built on our own forecasts internally as to where we see the industry landing for the full year.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. Hi. This is Greg on for Robert. In the press release, you guys talked about the heightened competitive landscape in EMEA and APAC. Maybe you could just dive into a bit more about what you're seeing broadly in each of those two regions. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks very much, Greg. Look, I mean, obviously in the U.K., I think we said it, the industry did have a soft start to the year. That did continue the trend that we've seen in consumer demand in the U.K. last year, with the market being down on a volume basis. I think as we've said consistently now for a few quarters, and this hasn't changed, is the market has been increasingly competitive. There has been a higher promotional intensity across both channels, the on and the off premise. Our largest brand in the U.K., Carling, we've taken a value over volume strategy. We're focusing on the strength of the brand versus the competitors, and we are trying hard to leverage the strongest link that we have, which is soccer. A lot of our activity in the first quarter has been focused on the FA Cup. Madrí, our best innovation in a long time, continues to drive both volume and value growth across both channels, on premise and the off premise. We see a lot more runway for this brand in the U.K., and we've just launched it in new markets in Bulgaria and Romania. If you go across into Central and Eastern Europe, the beer industry remains sluggish. Again, it's driven by a decline in consumer confidence, partly because of the macroeconomic environment which exists there as well, but the added negative of global political and economic tensions which have escalated since last year. We are seeing higher promotional pressures across most of the markets. We're operating in Central and Eastern Europe, but we remain optimistic about the growth potential of our business, and we're executing against our plans. It includes lots of investment behind our national power brands. We're supporting the recent launches that we did in the above premium space with Madrí in Bulgaria, and now Romania as well this year. We're supporting our expansion of Coors into Hungary, and we're making headway in the beyond beer space with Apple, Pippin, and Wild Cider, which we're making available in a number of our Central and Eastern European markets, Serbia, Bulgaria, Montenegro, and Croatia. Seeing some of the same macroeconomic issues, but we're confident in our plans.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Congrats to you, Gavin, and I hope you don't forget us and come to Cagney for a toast next year. So in your response before, you said you're assuming the industry will not going to be in this shape or form right now with the mid-single digit decline in the U.S. I was hoping if you can, I think you articulated in a few questions before, how do you feel about the pace of your market share and all of that, but I was hoping to see if you can comment on your price architecture. You talked about Banquet doing very well, but I'm thinking of Coors Light and some of your core, more kind of like, I should say, still domestic premium, but entry-level point, how you're trying to meet the consumer where they are, and if you're seeing that shift. And then related to that, you spoke about Blue Moon, that we sat on Blue Moon's pack. So I was hoping to see when we should be seeing that normalize and how you were seeing in general. And to a question, I think Bonnie asked a question about April, that it seems like things are better, but I was hoping to see if you can also add that on in terms of how the exit rate and the current trends are. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. Lots in that question. So, I mean, from a share point of view, the core share retention has been across all three of our core brands, Miller Lite, Coors Light, and Coors Banquet. Coors Banquet has accelerated actually well beyond the levels of share that we gained in Q2 of '23, and Coors Light and Miller Lite have held the large portion of the share that we gained there as well. So just to give you a dimension of that, Miller Lite was at sort of 6.1, 6.2 level in Q1 of '23, and that jumped up to about 6.9, and it's operating at about 6.8. So it's held, I'm not going to do the mental arithmetic, but that's more than 90% of what we gained. So again, I'm very pleased with the retention on our U.S. core brands. Our brands have come a long way since 2022, and we're continuing to support them. As far as Blue Moon is concerned, look, it remains a big, important brand for us. It's a top priority for us in above premium, and we're committed to turning that brand around. In the third and the fourth quarter, the Blue Moon family of brands did see an improvement in share of industry, total industry. We actually gained share in the craft space, and that trend continued into January and February of this year. But as I said, I think earlier, March was challenged for us, and that brought our Q1 family of brands performance down in the first quarter, and that's because we implemented a pack adjustment. We knew it would have a temporary performance impact, but it certainly aligns with consumer preferences, and it provides us a very meaningful benefit from a supply chain efficiency point of view and a cost of goods sold point of view. So a temporary bump with significant benefits coming from a profitability point of view. Beyond the core Blue Moon brand, we have seen some positive momentum behind our new innovations, which are continuing to bring new drinkers into the brand. As an example, Blue Moon non-alc in the first quarter was up almost 90% per Circana, and we expect to gain a lot of new distribution for this brand in the spring resets. We're also launching a new 8% higher ABV product, particularly focused in on the C stores. Again, our expectation is we're going to gain some very nice distribution for this brand in the spring resets. When you add to that, the vast majority of our marketing spend on this brand will take place between April and December. I think it's setting up well, but we've got lots of work still to do on the Blue Moon family.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Jefferies.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Gavin, congratulations. It's been a fun and long road through many different versions of what the company looks like today. If we could talk a little bit about pricing, a lot of what you're talking about from a macro perspective, we're also hearing from many others, and we're maybe getting the earliest signs of maybe increased promotional activity or increased focus on value in some way. I'm just curious how you're thinking about the absolute price points of your various brands versus where the macro environment might be heading.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kaumil. Look, from an overall consumer point of view, we have continued to see some value driving behavior, which we've talked about by channel or by pack. But from an overall promotional point of view, based on what we're seeing right now, we don't expect anything unusual from a promotion point of view. It is very common to see heightened competition with additional activity as you head into summer, and that eases up as you get into the shoulder months. We saw it in 2024, and again, I'm sure we'll see it in 2025. But as I said, nothing terribly unusual from our point of view.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: I know we've covered a lot of ground. I just wanted to just check in on the CapEx adjustment. Is there anything you can share with us on what you won't be doing this year that you had originally planned? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Lauren. Trace, do you want to take that?
Tracey Joubert: I'll take that. Thanks, Lauren. We're postponing certain projects that don't relate to significant cost savings or don't relate to critical growth initiatives. So we'll continue to invest around health and safety, which is always our number one, and continue to put our spin behind those projects. And we've got a whole host of projects that do drive cost savings and growth initiatives. So we're prioritizing those. The ones that we are postponing are ones that don't have a significant impact on our performance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
Michael Lavery: Good morning, and Gavin, congrats as well. I just wanted to look at America's price mix and understand that a little bit better. It obviously has the mixed benefit from the less contract brewing, but it was a little bit below the lift in the last few quarters and a little bit behind where we would expect or had expected. Can you just give us a sense, I guess maybe one mechanically, did the Fever-Tree costs come through the top line somehow? Is that a bit of a drag? Or any other ways to understand maybe what to expect going forward? Should it pick up a little bit? Is that about the right run rate for the year?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Michael. To answer your Fever-Tree question directly, the incremental costs because of the distributor transition go through MG&A line. So they don't come through the top line from a cost point of view. And the cost that will push through in the second quarter as we finalize that will also go through the MG&A line. The way that it works going forward, though, is that the credit will actually come through in net sales revenue, which is the way technical accounting works. So the debit is going through MG&A and the credit, which we will get back over the next three years, will go through the top line. From an NSR per hectoliter basis, from a North America point of view, that was up on a per hectoliter basis about 4.8%. Pricing sort of fell in that range that we said of about one to two. But the majority of that gain was in mix. And partly that's driven by a lot of contract brewing volumes, particularly up in Canada, where we saw a very significant mix improvement and then positive brand mix as we introduce Fever-Tree into our portfolio, which has only been there for a couple of months. So, certainly the mixed benefits that we're seeing right now, I would expect to continue all the way through the year. Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with BNP Paribas.
Kevin Grundy: Gavin, I want to extend my congratulations as well. I'll ask a question on capital deployment. We've covered a lot of ground on the quarter. So you guys have done a tremendous job getting your debt leverage down through COVID, et cetera. So congrats on that. The flip side is you pivot towards buyback. The stock is underperformed. It's under quite a bit of pressure today. What do you think the market is missing? What do you think the market under appreciates about the Molson Coors story? Number one. And then number two, do you foresee a set of scenarios where you revisit the string of pearls approach to M&A, where perhaps there's something bigger out there where you can diversify the portfolio away from mainstream beer, which has been a perpetual decline? So I appreciate that. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks very much, Kevin. And look, you've hit on the ones that I'm proud of a lot of things over the last six years, right? But the one I'm probably most proud of is how we've got our balance sheet into a really, really good place. Our debt ratio, as you rightly call out, is low. And our cash generation is very, very strong. And I think we've demonstrated that over the last six years. It remains one of, I think, the strongest benefits of our company and one of the most underappreciated. And it certainly gives us flexibility to return cash to shareholders. I think potentially investors miss the strength of our core brands and what a tremendous job our sales and marketing teams have done to retain the share that we gained a couple of years ago. I think if you recall and go back and read some of the comments from those days, Kevin, you will find that most people expected us to give it all back. And the opposite has happened. We've actually kept almost all of it. And Coors Banquet is growing from strength to strength. So I think that is a missed area for folk outside of there. We think that our String of Pearls approach works really well. And I think we've also been clear now that our debt ratio is where it is, targeted under two and a half times, that the size of those pearls can get a little bit bigger. And we've demonstrated that with Fever-Tree, where we took a stake in the listed company in the U.K. for slightly under $100 million. And we bought the whole of the Fever-Tree U.S. business. I'm very excited about this partnership relationship that we have with Fever-Tree. It's very complementary to our portfolio. The distributors are very excited about it. And it's obviously two months. And two months doesn't a trend make, but very pleased with the way that that brand has started in line with actually slightly ahead of our business case. So feeling really good about that. But I think the most underappreciated thing about us, Kevin, is the strong generation of an ongoing generation of cash and how strong our balance sheet actually is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta with Morgan Stanley.
Eric Serotta: Great. And congratulations again, Gavin. It's been a pleasure working with you and looking forward to the next six, seven months. Most questions have been answered, but Gavin would love to circle back and get your perspective on midterm category growth through the lens of the various segments, Mexican imports, which have obviously been powering the beer category over the past decade, have slowed lately. Clearly some macro and demographic factors there. But just wondering if you could provide some perspective on how you're thinking of category growth over a three-to-five-year time frame. If we have a much larger base, since we have a much larger base for imports today, maybe you'll grow a little bit slower. At the same time, domestic super premiums are a lot larger. And then obviously your perspective on premium and premium light. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Eric. Look, as it relates to our portfolio, again, as I said, I'm very pleased with where we are from a core brands point of view. And we've acknowledged that we've got work to do in our premium space. And given the plans that we've got, which I feel very good about, and the fact that the pressure is now coming in April and beyond behind those plans, whether it's Peroni, whether it's the Blue Moon Family, whether it's Miller Lite up in Canada, which operates in the above premium space or Madrí and a number of markets, you know, I feel and we believe in our goal to get to a third of our net sales revenue in the above premium space. From an overall category point of view, I'm not sure there's much I can add to what I've already said, Eric. I mean, it was obviously a tough first quarter, which I don't think anybody predicted. And we do expect that to normalize back to where it's sort of historically been over the last few years. The precise timing of that is obviously difficult to predict. As I said earlier, April has shown some signs of improvement from an industry point of view, but it's just one four week read. And we need to be cautious about that until we see it manifest itself in a more stable trend going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen.
Robert Moskow: I just wanted to see, Tracey, if you could put a finer point on, on how your forecast for North America has changed for the next few quarters. To what extent have you lowered your sales expectations for second, third and fourth?
Tracey Joubert: Yes, thanks, Robert. So we don't give courts any guidance. But what we can say is the first quarter was much softer from an industry point of view than I think what everyone had anticipated. And Gavin spoke about CPG companies in general talking similar around macroeconomic impacts, et cetera. But just in terms of going forward, some of the drivers of our guidance around top line is the net price increases back to the sort of 1% to 2% range that we've seen historically in North America, in terms of our other markets more in line with inflation. From a shipment point of view, we expect the recovery. So sort of STRs and STWs to sort of get more aligned, mostly in Q3, so not in Q2, where we expect similar performance from the exit of our contract brewing arrangement, as we saw in Q1. And then, top line also driven by our premiumization, innovation and then some of the partnerships that we've spoken about, for example, Fever-Tree, which has a positive impact on our top line as well going forward. Although there is a sort of there is some cycling of our smaller regional craft breweries that we divested in the third quarter. But I would say that that would be the sort of main drivers of first half of the year versus the second half of the year from a top line point of view.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, we have no further questions. So this concludes today's call. Thank you everyone for joining us today. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Fourth Quarter and 2024 Fiscal Year Earnings Conference Call. With that, I'll hand over to Greg Tierney, Vice President, FP&A and Commercial Finance.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, operator, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks today, we look forward to taking your questions. In an effort to address as many questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have technical questions on the quarter, please reach out to our IR team. Also, I encourage you to review our earnings release and earnings slides, which are posted to the IR section of our website and provide detailed financial and operational metrics. Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. The definitions of or reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial results we discuss are versus the comparable prior year period and are in U.S. dollars. With the exception of earnings per share, all financial metrics are in constant currency when referencing percentage changes from the prior year period. Also share data references are sourced from Circana in the U.S. and from Beer Canada in Canada unless otherwise indicated. Further in our remarks today we will reference underlying pretax income which equates to underlying income before income taxes and underlying earnings per share, which equates to underlying diluted earnings per share as defined in our earnings release. With that, over to you Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Greg. Hello, everybody, and thank you for joining the call. 2024 was another year of progress for Molson Coors, progress in advancing our strategy and in achieving bottom line growth. Amid a challenging macroeconomic environment, we continue to support the health of our brands globally. We retained a substantial portion of our sizable share gains from 2023 and earned unprecedented levels of shelf space for our core power brands in the U.S. We achieved incredible growth in Canada broadly across all price segments of our portfolio. We continued to premiumize off a high base in our EMEA and APAC business. We terminated low-margin contract brewing agreements, and exited smaller unprofitable businesses while investing in areas that we expect will drive long-term sustainable profitable growth. 2024 was also another year of continued strong cash generation that contributed to earnings power. We delivered more than $1.2 billion in underlying free cash flow, which combined with our healthy balance sheet, enabled us to not only invest in our business, but also to return $1 billion in cash to shareholders through a growing dividend and share repurchases. We entered this year confident issuing 2025 guidance that both reflects the favorable fundamentals of our business and that aligns with our long-term growth algorithm. Now with that high level summary, let's get into some of the details. In the fourth quarter, consolidated net sales revenue was down 1.9%, underlying pretax income was down 0.9% and underlying earnings per share was up 9.2%. In our Americas business, Canada continued to perform strongly while as expected, the U.S. faced a temporary headwind related to the exit of Pabst contract brewing, which was a headwind of about 450,000 hectoliters. U.S. brand volume was down 3% in the quarter, which improved as compared to the third quarter as did the industry with a moderating of the more pronounced value seeking behavior seen during the summer. These drivers contributed to a 6.7% decline in U.S. financial volume. Related to the deliberate inventory build in the first half of the year, U.S. shipments trailed brand volumes by approximately 150,000 hectoliters in the quarter, resulting in largely shipping to consumption for the full year as intended. In EMEA and APAC, our volumes were impacted by the continued heightened competitive landscape in the UK as well as a softer industry in Central and Eastern Europe. However, this was largely offset by strong net sales revenue per hectoliter growth of 7.8%, driven by favorable sales mix, including continued premiumization and pricing. This, along with favorable net pricing growth in the Americas and mixed benefits from the exit of Pabst, resulted in consolidated net sales revenue per hectoliter growth of 4.8% for the quarter. For the year, consolidated net sales revenue was down 0.6%, underlying pretax income was up 5.6% and underlying earnings per share was up 9.8%. Results were better than our revised top line guidance of down approximately 1% due to better-than-expected U.S. industry performance in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, our 2024 top line guidance was revised lower when we reported our third quarter results in early November due to macro-driven U.S. industry softness in the peak season months of July and August. It's also important to point out that excluding the impact of the wind down of Pabst's contract brewing volume, our implied annual top line revenue growth was positive and in alignment with our long-term growth algorithm. From a volume perspective, Pabst had a negative 3 percentage point impact on America's financial volume for the year. Again, while this is a current volume headwind, the reduction of this contract brewing volume is expected to have a positive impact in 2025 and beyond on our brewing network effectiveness as well as on mix and margin. And in what we expect will provide further benefits, we no longer contract brew for Labatt USA and Canada, with that volume fully exiting our Canadian business as of year-end 2024. Tracey will share more on the impact of that. Consolidated underlying pretax income was above the midpoint of our reaffirmed mid-single digit growth guidance. This was achieved due to the better-than-expected top line as well as measured cost controls without sacrificing the right levels of brand marketing support. In addition to better net sales revenue performance, we significantly exceeded our reaffirmed mid-single-digit underlying earnings per share growth guidance, which we had narrowed to the high-end of the range in early November. The beat was largely supported by a lower-than-expected underlying effective tax rate due to U.S. geographic sales mix as well as the better-than-expected top line performance in the fourth quarter. Our underlying earnings per share growth was also supported by our share repurchases, which have been tracking at an accelerated pace, as we continue to view our valuation as compelling given our confidence in our business and in our long-term growth algorithm. In fact, for the first five quarters since the share repurchase program was announced, we had already executed approximately 40% under this up to five-year program, which if you straight line that number would have us at only 25%. Our confidence stems from our progress against our strategic priorities. I'll start with our core power brands. Collectively, they remain healthy. In the U.S. Coors Light, Miller Lite and Coors Banquet have continued to retain a substantial portion of our share gains, demonstrating the stickiness of these step change gains. In the fourth quarter, they retained over 80% of their combined volume share gains on a two-year stack, which is an improvement from both the second and third quarters. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2022, these brands were up 1.7 share points. Coors Banquet continued to perform very well with brand volume up 16% and growing industry share for the 14th consecutive quarter on top of significant prior year gains. Banquet was the fastest growing top 15 beer brand in the U.S. in terms of volume percentage growth in 2024 and it's not a small brand. In fact, it's one of our top five brands globally. We see much more opportunity ahead as we invest in building the brand's awareness, its national scale and loyal consumer base, particularly among new Gen Z and Millennial legal drinking age consumers. In Canada, Coors Light remains the number one light beer in the industry and again grew share of segment in the fourth quarter. The Molson family of brands also gained volume share for both the fourth quarter and the year. This performance has helped us to drive 23 consecutive months of share growth, despite the challenging industry backdrop. In EMEA and APAC, a number of our core power brands are leaders in their respective markets. Carling remains a top lager in the UK with strong brand equity. Amid the highly competitive environment, we took a value over volume approach, which weighed on volume performance during the year. And while core brand performance was impacted by the soft industry in the fourth quarter in Central and Eastern Europe, our results were strong for the year. This was driven by Ožjusko in Croatia which increased volume 5% as well as the extremely successful re-launch of Caraiman in Romania. Caraiman has already reached over 300,000 hectoliters since March and has been incremental to the overall portfolio in the country. Turning to our premiumization priority for both beer and beyond beer. Our above premium portfolio was 27% of total net brand revenue for the year. In EMEA and APAC where over half of our net brand revenue comes from above premium, our business continued to premiumize. Much of EMEA and APAC's premiumization success has been driven by Madrí, which grew net sales revenue double digits in the year and is the number two lager in the on-premise in the UK in terms of value. Madrí is also exceeding expectations in Bulgaria following a very successful launch there last year. In the Americas, our above premium share of net brand revenue was 22% for the year. This was supported by Canada which also continued to premiumize with its above premium net brand revenue up double digits in 2024. This was driven by the success of Miller Light, which is the fastest growing major beer brand in this market on a percentage basis as well as by our flavor portfolio. We are growing more share of flavor than any other major brewer in Canada and Madrí is also performing ahead of expectations in Canada following last year's launch. In the U.S. there is work to do, but we see this as an opportunity and we have big plans in 2025. After further fine-tuning our portfolio last year, including divesting underperforming craft breweries, our resources are focused on scalable opportunities within our expanding above premium portfolio brands in both beer and beyond beer. In beer, we are moving in the right direction with the Blue Moon brand family as we are starting to see signs of stability. In fact, the Blue Moon brand family held share of industry in both the third and fourth quarters and took share of craft during both periods. This includes positive momentum behind some of our newer innovations like the repositioned Blue Moon Light as well as Blue Moon non-alc, which has quickly become a top tier non-alc beer brand. And we have plans to build on these results for the Blue Moon brand family in 2025. And we are betting big on Peroni. As we have discussed, we have onshore production which offers a number of benefits. It significantly improves consistency and certainty of supply which has previously been a challenge when we tried to scale the brand. It allows us to introduce different pack sizes, which consumers are asking for, and it also unlocks meaningful cost savings, which we intend to deploy toward increasing distribution and awareness to drive scale and margin for this brand. Our commercial plans kick off in the second quarter and while it will of course take time, ultimately we see no reason why Peroni can't rival the size of other major European imports in the U.S. over time. In beyond beer which is a big part of our premiumization plans, non-alc is a key focus area. It provides us the opportunity to capture more occasions particularly among younger legal age Gen Z consumers. So we are investing behind the growing areas in non-alc where we believe we have a right to win. This too will take some time, but we are making progress. We spoke in detail on our last quarter call about our increased investment in ZOA to a majority stake and plans to accelerate the brand are well underway. It's early days of the integration, but in the last four weeks to end the year ZOA grew in both dollar and unit share in total U.S. food. Taking this increased stake allows us to lead the entirety of the brand's marketing, retail and direct-to-consumer sales development as we drive brand awareness and distribution, leveraging the strength of our network. And speaking of opportunities to advance our knowledge of plans, we are so pleased to have entered into a strategic partnership agreement with the world's leading supplier of premium carbonated mixes. The partnership agreement gives us the exclusive commercialization rights to the Fever-Tree brand in the U.S. This is a significant step forward in our strategic ambition to build a total beverage portfolio for a wide range of consumer preferences across both traditional alcohol and non-alc occations. Now, before I pass it to Tracey, I'll conclude by saying that we remain confident we have the right strategy to achieve our long-term growth objectives, and our 2025 guidance is aligned with those objectives. Collectively, our global core power brands are healthy and we have great commercial plans in 2025 to continue to support them. We are changing the shape of our global portfolio with premiumization successes in EMEA and APAC in Canada and we have targeted plans for the U.S. Our operations outside of the U.S. are performing well and contributing meaningfully to our growth. Our capabilities across our organization support premiumization and focused innovation, supply chain efficiencies and commercial effectiveness, which help drive sustained long-term profitable growth. And with our compelling cash generation and a healthy balance sheet, we have substantially improved our financial flexibility allowing us to continue to invest in our business and return cash to shareholders. So we are pleased with our progress and confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term growth algorithm in 2025 and beyond. With that I will pass it to Tracey.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin. We made strong progress in enhancing our profitability and financial flexibility in 2024. We delivered over $1.2 billion in underlying free cash flow in in line with our expectations and it was supported by underlying pretax income margin expansion of nearly 80 basis points for the year. This expansion was driven by positive net pricing, mixed impact, moderating inflation and cost savings which more than offset volume deleverage, which had a particularly significant impact in the second half of the year related to U.S. shipment timing. Also contributing to the margin improvement was lower MG&A, largely due to cycling innovative levels in 2023. G&A declines were mostly related to higher incentive compensation in 2023. Marketing declines were mainly a result of higher investments in the prior year, particularly in the second half of the year when we increased spend by an incremental $100 million given the accelerated demand in the U.S. But importantly, we continue to support our brands globally, with higher levels of marketing investments for both the quarter and the year as compared to the respective periods in 2022. In addition to investing in our brands and business, we continue to return cash to shareholders. In 2024 we paid $369 million in cash dividends and $643 million to repurchase 10.9 million shares. Since the plan was announced in October 2023, we have repurchased 6.7% of our Class B shares outstanding. It's an up to five-year $2 billion plan and as Gavin mentioned, we have utilized approximately 40% in just the first five quarters. We ended the year with a healthy balance sheet and our net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio was 2.1 times, which is in alignment with our long-term target of under 2.5 times and we have no debt coming due in 2025. This provides us significant financial flexibility, offering more optionality in the ways that we invest in the business, be it through capital investments that drive productivity improvements or through bolt-on M&A that support our strategic growth objectives, like our recent investment in Fever-Tree. It also provides us the opportunity to return even more cash to shareholders and we are pleased to share that today we announced our quarterly dividend of $0.47 per share to be paid on March 14th. This is an increase of 6.8% and represents our fourth consecutive year of increases, clearly demonstrating our intention to sustainably increase our dividends. I'll now conclude with our financial outlook. For 2025, we are issuing guidance that is in line with our long-term growth algorithm. However, the global macro environment is rapidly evolving, resulting in uncertainty around the effects of geopolitical events and global trade policy, including the impact from consumer trends. As a result, our outlook does not reflect the impacts of these activities or any imposition of import tariffs by the U.S. and potential retaliatory actions by other countries. Also, please remember that net sales revenue and underlying pretax income growth guidance are on a constant currency basis and underlying earnings per share are not. Therefore, continued strength in the U.S. dollar will result in a headwind to our reported results as well as underlying earnings per share growth and in the effective period using the current exchange rate. With that said, let's review our guidance metrics. Low single digit net sales revenue growth on a constant currency basis, mid-single digit underlying pretax income growth on a constant currency basis, high single digit underlying earnings per share growth, underlying free cash flow of $1.3 billion plus or minus 10%, underlying depreciation and amortization of $675 million plus or minus 5%, net interest expense of $215 million plus or minus 5%, underlying effective tax rate in the range of 22% to 24%, and capital expenditures incurred of $750 million plus or minus 5%. Drivers that underpin our guidance include anticipated annual net price increases of 1% to 2% in North America in line with the average historical range and for other markets to trend in line with inflation. Mix should be a meaningful growth driver as we advance toward our medium-term goal of reaching about 1/3 of our global net brand revenue from our above premium portfolio. We expect this to come from continued premiumization in EMEA, APAC and Canada as well as progress in the U.S., where as Gavin shared, we are starting to see some initial traction with Blue Moon, have big plans for Peroni and are expanding in non-alc. While Feeder-Tree and the consolidation of ZOA provide incremental benefits to the top line, we will also be cycling revenue from the smaller regional craft breweries we divested in the third quarter and more significantly 2024 Pabst and Labatt contract brewing volume as these contracts terminated at the end of last year. On a combined basis, we expect a related approximate 1.9 million hectoliters headwind to America's financial volumes in 2025. We produced about 1.2 million hectoliters of Pabst in the U.S. and 700,000 hectoliters of Labatt brands in Canada in 2024. Given that Pabst volumes wound down sequentially over the course of 2024, the headwind is more pronounced in the first half of the year, particularly in the first quarter and the 2024 Labatt volumes follow typical seasonal trends. There are several additional shipment phasing considerations. In the first quarter we are cycling particularly strong demand for our core power brands in the U.S. in the prior year period when U.S. brand volumes were up 5.7%. Also in the first quarter of 2024 we benefited from higher than typical inventory build given our anticipation of the Fort Worth strike. This contributed to U.S. financial volume increasing 7.6% in the first quarter of 2024 despite the exit of 350,000 hectoliters of Pabst volume. This higher than typical inventory build extended into the second quarter of 2024 and we do not anticipate a similar level of first half inventory build in 2025. Turning to costs in the first quarter, we anticipate incurring one time transition and integration fees related to the Fever-Tree partnership which will be reported in our underlying results. The costs will be determined over the next few months based on discussions which are ongoing. We also expect full year margin expansion coming from a number of drivers. They include mixed benefits from lower contract brewing and increased premiumization, moderating inflation on input costs and productivity improvements and cost savings. We also expect to continue to put the right commercial pressure behind our brands globally, focusing on retaining existing customers and attracting new ones. Given our deep capabilities and return oriented strategy, our growth outlook does not require us to make step changes in our marketing investments. In closing, we are pleased with our progress in 2024. We believe we have the right strategy and with strong brands, a highly cash generative business model, and a healthy balance sheet, we have the ability to continue to invest in our business to achieve long-term financial growth and our strategic goals, while also returning cash to shareholders through a growing dividend and a meaningful share repurchase program. With that we would like to open it up to your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Christopher Carey: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Gavin Hattersley: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Carey: Hey, Gavin. I was wondering if you could comment a bit on what we're seeing in the beer category, specifically year-to-date or whatever near-term time horizon you'd like to use. I think there's been a debate about increased volatility in recent weeks and months, whether that's weather or changing consumer preferences. But I'd love to get your thoughts on some of the near-term evolution of what we're seeing in the data and how you see industry dynamics and then perhaps how you're thinking about this in the context of your full year guidance? And then more of a just sneak in question, but Tracey, are you factoring any share repurchases in the outlook or any context on share buybacks for this year? Thanks so much for those.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Chris. Well, I'll let Tracey answer your sneak in question, but I'll deal with the industry first, Chris. Look, I mean, if you look at 2024, there was a lot of noise, right? I mean, we talked about a lot of that over our earnings calls with trading days and holiday timings and turbulent weather and all sorts of things going on. And summer was not particularly good, but we did see progress in Q4. And, in fact, I think Q4 ended up being the best quarter of industry performance that we experienced last year. And Chris, as it relates to current trading, I would say what we said on the last call and I think the call before that, right, is I think being cautious of short-term trends is important because I think once you get to the full quarter and you remove noise that exists on a week-to-week basis, you get a much better sense of what's happening in the industry. And even with what you're seeing in the first publicly available data for 2025, it's not terribly dissimilar to what we were experiencing in 2024. Again, there is noise around weather and timing of holidays. And I would just caution you not to draw assumptions based on a very short period of data, Chris.
Tracey Joubert: Hi, Chris. So and just in terms of share repurchases, so look, we do intend to continue to execute our share repurchase program. And a reminder, it includes both a systematic as well as an opportunistic execution component. So that allows us to consistently execute the program, but with also the ability to lean in if our models indicate, if appropriate. So based on our $2 billion program, which we announced in October 2023, and as Gavin said, we've already utilized about 40% of it in just the first five quarters and it is a five-year program. So I think it's clear our commitment to share repurchases, but the execution of the plan can vary, can be driven by a number of factors, including the timing of our capital commitments. For example, a planned investment in Fever-Tree could drive that. But as I said, we are committed to the share repurchase program that we put in place. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Please go ahead, Peter.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. I really wanted to just follow up on Chris' question there, just for some perspective on the top line guidance. I know the various puts and takes, Tracey, as you alluded to contract brewing, Fever-Tree, et cetera. But I guess just how are you actually thinking about underlying category growth across your key geographies? Are you assuming category growth rates improve as we move into the summer cycle, easier comps, or are you kind of assuming the steady-state as category growth improves, that would be more of a source of upside?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Peter. Look, if you look at our major markets, right, in Canada, we've seen past inflation and interest rates, they continue to weigh on the economy, but we have seen interest rate cuts, we've seen inflation start to come down and Canada beer industry trends are fairly similar to the U.S. As I said to Chris, we're not seeing anything meaningfully different from the previous trends that we've shared in the U.S. Value conscious consumers are still looking to engage in channel and pack shifting. And at the same time, the industry continues to see premiumization, which plays perfectly into our overall acceleration plan. In the UK, the economy is improving, inflation is slowing down. It is competitive at the moment, but not a lot different from what we've been seeing through the back end of 2024. And as you rightly point out, we do have puts and takes in our top line guidance, right? The take, as Tracey said, is contract brewing and the point is Fever-Tree, for example. But more broadly, the progress that we're making on our overall acceleration plans, whether that's our core brands globally, whether it's the premiumization progress that we're making, or whether it's acceleration in beyond beer. So it's all of those factors taken into account, Peter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Please go ahead.
Filippo Falorni: Hi, good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask on margins. So first on the gross margin line, can you provide some context of the puts and takes in terms of pricing, mix benefits and commodity inflation that you expect - that you included in your guidance? And particularly on the commodities, I know you have long-term hedging programs, but just any thoughts on the potential impact of aluminum tariffs and what that could mean for your COGS? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: So I'll let Tracey talk about the margin, Filippo, and thanks for the question. From an aluminum point of view, we did make changes to our sourcing strategy over the last few years. And so almost all of our aluminum is currently purchased in the United States for United States consumption, which is obviously our biggest market. But Tracey, do you want to give a more broad…
Tracey Joubert: Yes, sure. So, hi Filippo. So in terms of gross margin, look, we don't give specific gross margin guidance, but notably our underlying gross margin percentage did improve in each of the last two years. So as we look at our 2025 guidance, our long-term growth algorithm does anticipate underlying pretax margin expansion. So building on the expansion we saw in 2024. Some of the drivers of that, so in 2025, we do expect moderating inflation on input costs. And to your point, we do have multiple levers that support our growth algorithm. So it includes positive net pricing that we discussed in our guidance, positive mix from premiumization as well as the lower contract brewing volumes, which will also drive productivity improvements. And we also continue to look at cost savings across our entire business, so those are some of the things that I would say would drive some of the margin expansion.
Filippo Falorni: Thanks, Tracey.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Filippo.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog - Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: All right, thank you. Good morning everyone.
Gavin Hattersley: Good morning, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: I had a question. Good morning. I had a question on your guidance, which you mentioned is in line with your long-term algo. Your guidance implies a fair amount of operating leverage this year. And I know you've touched on this, but hoping you could unpack this a bit for us, meaning you should get some leverage from the top-line, but could you give us a little more color on the drivers of EPS growth, such as the cost savings and efficiencies you expect to get this year? And then maybe how much that could increase next year and beyond? Maybe if you don't feel comfortable quantifying, maybe you could rank some of these cost savings in order of impact, for instance, I think that would be helpful? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie. Tracey do you want to take that?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So I mean, a couple of things that I can point to in terms of the operating leverage and improvements in our operating margin. So, number one, we've invested over the last couple of years in our capabilities to drive efficiencies and cost savings and a lot of that investment is focused on our breweries, so eliminating waste, driving efficiencies there and certainly taking out the contract brewing will further help in terms of costs as well as efficiencies in our breweries. So that's one of the bigger drivers around the cost and efficiencies. The other thing, just in terms of marketing spend for example, we've spent the last couple of years really driving our return on marketing investments. And, you know, even though we do expect our MG&A to increase around some of the investments that we're making with innovations, Fever-Tree, et cetera. There are also a number of puts and takes that are coming out. So, for example, we divested of our underperforming craft breweries and we can now redeploy those funds to other brands in 2025, so we'll continue to look at that. And then one of the bigger items as well is bringing the Peroni production onshore and there is meaningful ocean freight savings by doing that. And we then able to utilize those cost savings to again support the marketing investment of that brand. So a number of levers that we can pull and a number of capability investments that we've made over the last couple of years that we'll start seeing coming through now that will certainly help our margin as we look at continuing to drive efficiencies in the areas that we operate.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Tracey. Thanks, Bonnie.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Drew Levine: Hey, good morning. This is Drew Levine on for Andrea. Thank you for taking our question. Gavin, I wanted to ask on the U.S. brand buyers were down three and I think that came in probably a bit better than the track channel data would suggest despite I think what has been described by some other peers as maybe a shift towards those channels. So any color would be helpful on what you're seeing from a consumer perspective. I know you mentioned some moderation in the value seeking behavior, but you maybe some perspective on different channels, of on-premise is outperforming, maybe untrack channels performing better, so any help there would be great.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Drew. You know, I think one point I'd make is, I think there was an extra trading day, so that certainly would have helped. From a consumer point of view, we did see them moving away from C stores earlier in the calendar year in the sort of summertime period and now we've seen them move back into the C store channel. We've also seen on-premise continue to slightly outperform, but broadly I would say those are the three key ones. Thanks Drew.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Gerald Pascarelli with Needham and company. Please go ahead.
Gerald Pascarelli: Great. Thanks very much for the question. I just, I wanted to go back to the share repurchase commentary. So as we look at the outlook for 2025, the high single digit growth, Tracey, is it fair for us to assume that you maybe to think about it in terms of like straight lining the remaining authorization with any potential upside to earnings growth being, you know, you remaining aggressive on buybacks, but that maybe shouldn't be part of, you know, the base case scenario? I'm just trying to get a little bit more color there. Thank you.
Tracey Joubert: Yes, so a couple of things to consider as we talk about the high single digit underlying EPS growth. I mean some of that, yes, certainly is being driven by share repurchases and our guide assumes at minimum repurchases in line with our 10b5-1 plan. But some other factors that play into our EPS growth is also tax and foreign exchange. So our EPS is not on a constant currency basis, so ForEx could impact that. And then we have reduced our underlying effective tax rate guide for 2025 to 22% to 24% and that was from the 23% to 25% in 2024. But as I said, we'll continue to look at all of our capital allocation models and make sure that we're returning the right, we're making the right investment decisions to return to our shareholders. So yes, as we said, it could vary. The share repurchase driven by a number of factors, as I said, you know, whether we have planned investments like Fever-Tree, for example, so that may impact the sort of amount we spend. And also, just as a reminder, it's up to five-year program and we're only five quarters into this. Thanks, Gerald.
Gavin Hattersley: Next question, Operator?
Operator: The next question goes to Robert Ottenstein of Evercore. Rob, please go ahead. It looks like Rob has disconnected, so just going on to the next question from Kevin Grundy of BNP Paribas. Kevin, please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. First, quick housekeeping question, then a bigger picture question, easy for me to say. The housekeeping question for Tracey, it would seem like the guidance would imply that volume is down 1 to 2% based on your commentary of 1% to 2% price and then some favorable mix. I just wanted to confirm that's your expectation relative to an exit rate. There was a bit more challenge than that in the U.S. and Europe. Gavin, the bigger picture question is just the demand outlook. Looking out now over the longer-term, we get a lot of questions from investors on potential impact of younger consumers drinking less frequently, negative impact from GOP1, the recent advisory from the former Surgeon General linking alcohol consumption and cancer risk. I was hoping you could comment on these potential headwinds and how they may impact the industry more broadly. So not just beer, but U.S. alcohol more broadly and then how it may directly impact your strategy as it pertains to your portfolio? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin. Do you want to just comment on the first one, Tracey, or I'll take the bigger picture, question.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So, hi Kevin. So look, the drivers for our top-line growth in 2025, I mean, of course, we remain focused on our U.S. share performance. The NSR guidance is also dependent on a number of factors including price and mix. In 2024, we achieved really strong annual top line contribution from both our EMEA and APAC business and from Canada. We don't specifically give volume guidance, but just as a reminder, we've got puts and takes there as well. So, we will receive a benefit from bringing Fever-Tree, Gavin mentioned Naked Life, et cetera, that we're going to be launching, but a reminder as well. We we've taken out 1.9 million hectoliters of contract brewing volume out of our system in 2025, so that'll have an impact on our financial volume as well.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Tracey. And look, Kevin, I mean your question is a very broad one, right? So let me try and answer that. From a -- you referenced the Surgeon General, right? And obviously there've been several reports from the Federal Government over the past few months. They've had a variety of viewpoints on the science. And I would point out that we've had a Surgeon General's warning on labels since the 1980s, which includes that alcohol consumption may cause health problems. I think beer has long been the drink of moderation and we offer consumers a range of options, including low and low alcohol beverages and we're committed to the transformation of our company into a total beverage company. That's why we changed our name to Molson Coors Beverage Company several years ago and we've got a long-term strategy of diversifying our portfolio into beyond beer and non-alc is a key part of that diversification and it supports broader consumer trends, as you said, around mindful drinking with categories like non-alc beer and RTDs. And we've got a three pronged approach to that. Whether it's alcohol replacement, we've got a great portfolio of brands directed at that with two great above premium non-alc beers, Blue Moon, non-alc and Peroni 0.0. We're launching Naked Life, which is a non-alc canned cocktail. Then we've got alcohol adjacencies and that's where, Fever-Tree is the absolute perfect fit for us because it sits at that intersection between alcohol and non-alcohol. And then we've got the pure place, which is highly incremental for us at an occasion level where beer doesn't necessarily exist and ZOA is a great example of that. And then Kevin, we've proven that we can grow in our traditional beer space. I mean, Coors Banquet is a fine example of that, right? It's the number one fastest growing beer brand, beating out Modelo and we're gaining distribution. We're gaining occasion. We're gaining consumers, including younger legal drinking age consumers behind that brand. So, we feel very confident that the portfolio that we are building will meet the demands of our consumers both now and on a go forward basis. Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Bryan, please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. Maybe, Gavin, just to pick up on Kevin Grundy's last point, can you just maybe give us a little bit more color on the decision to engage with Fever-Tree and maybe just like, what do you think is different, right? I mean, Fever-Tree and Molson Coors come together, you're going to have this venture. There must be something that's missing now that Molson Coors can add to it. I'm just kind of curious to know how you think about that and what that may be?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, great question. Thanks, Bryan. I think it's building our great portfolio even further to meet the needs of consumers at various occasions. And as I said, non-alc beverage is key to that strategy. And in the U.S. Fever-Tree is the world -- well, it's actually the world's leading supplier of premium carbonated drinks and mixes. And as I said, it sits really nicely at the intersection of beer and non-alc and its availability is often in stores where beer is actually sold. It's steadily grown its lead as the number one tonic and ginger beer. I think it provides tremendous credibility to our network and broader network that we are serious about non-alc. It's a big business, it's a growing business. What do we bring to it? I mean, we've talked about our core competencies and our capabilities in the past before, Bryan, and one of them is we have a tremendous network of distributors that deliver to stores, which Fever-Tree has not been delivering to in the past. I mean, I think we service over 500,000 different outlets and Fever-Tree gets to tens of thousands of those at the moment, so our broader reach is substantial. We're also going to increase our non-alc resources quite meaningfully in the first part of this year. So it brings critical mass to us from a non-alc point of view with ZOA, which we took a majority stake in late last year. And as I said, we've got Naked Life coming and we've got Fever-Tree, which is in our portfolio from last week. So, I think, well, we're very excited about this. It provides real credibility to our system that we are serious about non-alc and we mean business here.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Rob Ottenstein of Evercore. Rob, please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Just a few follow ups, if I may. So Gavin, can you just sticking on the Fever-Tree agreement, can you give us a rough idea of what the economics look like and how this could potentially impact your income statement three, four, five years out, just any way for us to kind of model any guidelines at all? And then second, I know you mentioned that your guidance doesn't include anything for tariffs and obviously it's impossible to right, because who knows what's going to happen. But again, can you help us try to model that out in terms of Canada? Did you see when Trudeau talked about boycotting American brands, did you see any impact on Coors Light, Miller Light, your U.S. brands that are in Canada, are they brewed in Canada or do they come from the U.S.? And what percentage of your sales in Canada come from those brands? And any other tariff-related issues outside of aluminum, which we already talked about, that we should be considering as we kind of run our sensitivities for 2025? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. Two big questions. Let me start with the second one. We import very little product into the U.S. from Canada and Mexico, that's the first point I'd make. Almost all of the brands that we produce that are consumed in the United States from our portfolio are brewed in the United States. The last big one really was that we imported was Peroni. And as you know, and we've talked about in the past, we've brought that in-house and have -- we're really excited about the potential for Peroni as we go forward. Beyond that, there are a few very minor immaterial from a volume perspective brands that come across from Canada and Mexico. As it relates to Canada, the vast majority of the brand portfolio is again, it's produced in Canada for Canadian consumers. We have a large import agreement that comes from Europe, so it wouldn't be impacted by U.S. tariffs. But again, the vast majority Canadian, Canadian produced and I think consumers are aware of that. From an input material point of view, again, Robert, the vast majority of our input materials come from the countries in which they produced, obviously not everything. But you know, I spoke about aluminum earlier on being almost entirely sourced in the United States for the United States markets. All of our agricultural input costs like barley malt or hops and so all is sourced in the markets in which it's consumed, certainly in our bigger markets. But as you say, there is uncertainty, but we're in the same boat as most other businesses as it relates to tariffs with the exception of the fact that we produce all of our, almost all of our products in the market in which they consumed. As far as Fever-Tree is concerned, look, we don't give that level of detail that you're looking forward, but obviously we've entered into this relationship because we see real potential with this brand. We see growth opportunities from a volume perspective. Obviously it's 100% incremental to our business, but we see growth of their base. 2025 is going to be a year of integration and absorbing it. And as I said, we're expanding our resources behind this, which will take place in the earlier part of the year. Tracey did mention that we will have some one-time costs associated with that and we're working through to determine what those are. They're not in the hundreds of millions, just to give context, right? They're in the tens of millions and we'll resolve that and put a final estimate on it once we've been through all our discussions. But this is a brand that operates right at the top end of above premiums from a revenue per hectoliter point of view, it's going to, it might even be our number one now from a revenue per barrel point of view. As we integrate it and look for further opportunities in terms of cost efficiencies, we will certainly be looking at our supply chain and our supply chain partners as we look to drive value out of this relationship, but we really are excited about it, Robert. I think I covered both Robert's questions, Tracey. Yep, thanks, Robert.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Kaumil Gajrawala of Jefferies. Kaumil, please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hey everybody. Good morning. Two things. The first, I guess along the lines of Fever-Tree, but not specifically when we think about the Yuengling deal and let's start, which is a partnership, the various partnerships with Coke, that went from partnership to ownership. As we think about all of these things and then Fever-Tree being the newest one, how do you think about it in the context of M&A? Why is sort of a small stake, the right amount with whatever P&L that contributes to your business versus the P&L that goes to the distributors? Why not sort of being more aggressive on M&A, kind of like what you've eventually done on ZOA and have full ownership? And then the second question, which will be a lot more narrow, is quite a bit of strength out of Canada. Can you maybe give us a little bit more on what was behind that? You gave us a bit in the prepared remarks, but would love to learn if this is something ongoing, something that's sort of building or if they were just a couple of nice hits last quarter that may not continue? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kaumil. It's not the latter. It is not just a couple of nice hits. I mean, the performance in Canada has been building over quite some time. For example, we've seen 23 consecutive months of share growth and that includes growth in beer, it includes growth in RTDs. It's driven by the strength of our brands. It's driven by the strength of the execution of our strategy on those core beer brands, on premiumization of our portfolio and of expanding into flavor Kaumil. Our core power brands, Coors Light and Molson, the Trademark we grew share of segment through the fall. And Miller Light, which sells in the above premium tier, is one of the fastest growing beer brands in the category. And then Madri, which we launched last year has delivered ahead of our head of our expectations. And in flavor, we're the fastest growing company in the RTD space. So, Canada's success is broad, it is deep. It's been, going for, as I said, quite some time now and you know, it gives us a nice useful blueprint for the U.S. where we've got the opportunity to strengthen our results, particularly in the above premiums space. Performance in Canada has been strong in summary. Fever-Tree look, I mean, we're good at partnerships. I think that's one of our core strengths, core competences. We've got partnerships all over the world. As it relates to the specific investment which Tracey alluded to in uses of cash, I mean, it fits perfectly into our string of pearls approach. Right? I mean, we did talk about pearls getting a little bigger and so our investment in Fever-Tree is a little bit bigger than some of the ones that we've made in the past, but it's still part of the string of pearls approach. Why did we do it? Because we see real potential in Fever-Tree. The United States is their biggest market. It's their biggest growth market. We're representing them here now. So, 100% of the performance will be included in our P&L. But at the same time, we wanted to take some advantage of the value which we believe is going to be created at a Fever-Tree level. And so, we're now their second largest shareholder and we're comfortable with that position. Thanks, Kaumil.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Eric Serotta of Morgan Stanley. Eric, please go ahead.
Eric Serotta: Great. Good morning. First Gavin, could you talk a bit about shelf space expectations for your brands in 2025, coming off of the really strong gains that you had for the core brand last year and in 2023. And then Tracey, just an accounting clarification, so it sounds like you guys are going to be booking just the U.S. partnership revenue from Fever-Tree, is that correct? And will any equity income from your overall ownership in the company come through the equity income line or is that going to just be held at cost? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Eric. I would say that shelf resets, I mean, we saw an unprecedented shift in shelf resets back in the spring of 2024. In the fall of 2024, we held those grains and, we even grew them a little. So that means that when you compare us to the 2023 base, we're up significantly now as we head into spring of 2025. You know, generally each year there are minor adjustments to shelf space. Retailers add new items. They delete discontinued and slow-moving ones. And it's a little early days yet and we haven't got all the data in. But for spring of 2025, we expect that to be the case again, and again while it's early, we expect to hold onto the share gains in the spring once again. So we feel really good about the step change that we've seen in shelf resets and it's certainly been a big contributor to why we've held onto so much of the share gains that we gained with Coors Light, Miller Light and Coors Banquet. I mean, in the fourth quarter that actually accelerated a little bit. I think we said in Q3 it was around 80%. Well, it's actually more than 80% now that we retained, in the fourth quarter. And we're very, very pleased about that obviously because, if you compare it back to 2023, we're about 170 basis points of share higher with those brands than we were before, so yes. Tracey, you want to deal with the accounting question?
Tracey Joubert: Yes, thanks Eric. So look, in terms of how we're going to report Fever-Tree in the U.S. So we have a license agreement to distribute their products in the U.S. and we will recognize 100% of the revenue for all of the products sold in the U.S. and we'll share jointly in certain costs which include marketing. So it results in profit sharing at the EBITDA level. And then we also pay them via a royalty, which will be included in our COGS. In terms of the investment that we've made in the Fever-Tree business entity, it will be reported on a cost basis and we'll mark that to market and we'll exclude it from our underlying results.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Bill Kirk of Roth Capital Partners. Bill, please go ahead.
Bill Kirk: Good morning, everyone. So, Gavin, your largest competitor wants to rebrand the domestic beer segment to, I think, the American beer segment. Do you agree that the industry should stop using that domestic terminology? And if that segment positioning changes may be combined with a broader populist movement, do you think it would help the brands within that segment?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bill and good morning to you. Our brands go back many generations in both Canada and in the United States. We're obviously very proud of our heritage and I would suggest that everybody knows about the roots of our great iconic brands. Our focus is on our acceleration plans and our portfolio. And as I've said on this call, and we said in our opening remarks, our brands are in a great place, particularly our core brands, which have gained substantial share since 2023 and retained a lot of that and so that's where our focus is. Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Lauren Lieberman of Barclays. Lauren, please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning. I'd love to just hear a little bit about your read of the competitive environment in the U.S. we heard a bit kind of through this earnings season about a step up in promotional activity, both with Premium Life, but also in the above premium space. So just curious to what degree you're seeing that or not. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Lauren and good morning to you. We haven't seen anything unusual from a promotional point of view. It's common that there is some level of promotional activity. Most of that takes place in the summer, though not in Q4 or in Q1. Most of that takes place in Q2, Q3. It's a fairly regular thing. You see different things in different markets. But, we haven't seen anything unusual from a promotional point of view and as we always do, we'll take a strategic approach to evaluating the overall competitive landscape, consumer dynamics, and we'll do what's right for our brands.
Operator: Thank you. The next question goes to Michael Lavery of Piper Sandler. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you. Good morning. Just wanted to come back to innovation and just have seen a lot of the innovation in the space skew towards higher alcohol, some little bit, maybe more exaggerated cases, things like BeatBox or BuzzBallz, but you're Simply Spiked Bold and Blue Moon Extra are moving in that direction with an 8% ABV version. Do you have a sense of just what, if any, impact that has on category volumes and if some of that is, if that direction of innovation is helping drive weakness? And a little bit just related, can you maybe touch on how that sell in went and do you have a sense for how your innovation is landing on the shelf resets also maybe for ZOA as well? Did you get ownership in time to move the needle on where that lands on shelf?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Michael. Lots of questions there. Let me just say that no, I don't see that innovation both from ourselves and our competitors is negatively impacting beer as a category. In fact, I think it's positive. I mean if you look at beer as an overall industry, we did very nicely against spirits. I mean all of spirits growth is coming in the RTD space which is where the beer guys are playing. And so, if you just look at, if you excluded, the prepackaged spirits from spirits performance, it'll be quite negative. So, all of the growth in spirits is coming from that. And we and our competitors play quiet, quite meaningfully there as it relates to, higher alcohol. I mean we did talk about this previously around our first ever convenience led innovation pipeline and we've got three great new launches that are coming that fit that trend of what consumers are looking for in terms of singles and higher ABV. We've got Simply Spiked Bold coming, we've got Topo Margarita Mix and we've got Blue Moon Extra and they all come in at that sort of 8% level. Another great area of innovation for us is for example, Happy Thursday. I don't know if we've talked about this before but we did create a Gen Z culture panel last year and as we looked at that and then with broader consumer insights, this panel has really been helpful in how we innovate for new legal drinking age consumers and Happy Thursday came right out of that. Also helps us inform how we market and sell our products, whether it's through e-commerce or who we partner with like Leagues Cup and Formula One and where we go from a digital space. So I've probably gone a little broader than your direct question Michael, but hopefully that's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. The last question goes to Robert Moskow of TD Cowen. Robert, please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thanks. There was a pretty significant slowdown in your EMEA and APAC region and you attributed to the heightened competition and just the consumer backdrop. Is there any reason to believe that those divisions can grow as fast as the rest of the company in 2025 or do you think we're going to be flattish like we were in fourth quarter for the year?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Robert. Look, I mean certainly consumer demand in the UK was softer in 2024 when you compare it with 2023. We did see some uplift in the summer through the Euro soccers, but you know weather obviously offset a lot of that. Christmas season was, was satisfactory, although we did see consumers coming in late in the season as opposed to earlier. As it relates to our business, specifically for Carling, which is our biggest brand in the UK and in the EMEA and APAC business unit, we took a value over volume approach. We certainly will continue to support the brand strength of that versus our competitors, but no doubt we took a value over volume strategy, but really we continue to see drive both volume and value growth across both channels. It's launched very nicely in new market Bulgaria during 2024. We have another market plan for 2025. We've got great brands in EMEA and APAC. Yes we've talked about Ožjusko past and over time I see no reason why our EMEA and APAC business won't grow quicker than our businesses in North America. Thanks for the question, Robert.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions. That now concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With that, I'll hand over to Traci Mangini, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Traci Mangini: Thank you, Operator, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks today, we look forward to taking your questions. In an effort to address as many questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have technical questions on the quarter, please reach out to our IR team. Also, I encourage you to review our earnings release and earnings slides, which are posted to the IR section of our website and provide detailed financial and operational metrics. Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to our risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. Reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial results we discuss are versus the comparable prior year period and are in U.S. dollars. With the exception of earnings per share, all financial metrics are in constant currency when referencing percentage changes from the prior year period. Also, share data references are sourced from Circana in the U.S. and from Beer Canada in Canada, unless otherwise indicated. Further, in our remarks today, we will reference underlying pre-tax income, which equates to underlying income before income taxes, and underlying earnings per share, which equates to underlying diluted earnings per share, as defined in our earnings release. With that, over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Traci. Hello, everybody, and thank you for joining the call. In the third quarter, consolidated net sales revenue was down 7.8%, underlying pre-tax income was down 8.7%, and underlying earnings per share was down 6.2%. At a high level, EMEA and APAC and Canada performed strongly, but the U.S. was challenged with the macroeconomic environment contributing to U.S. financial volume down 17.9% and brand volume down 6.2%. Given the key drivers in the third quarter, we don't see these results as representative of the long-term growth potential for our business. We knew we had a headwind in the quarter from the exit of Pabst contract brewing volume, as well as from unfavorable shipment timing due to the unwind of our deliberate first half inventory bill, and these drivers have largely played out as we expected. Our results were also meaningfully impacted by lower U.S. brand volumes, as the U.S. beer industry was softer than we had anticipated over the summer. As we have heard across many consumer products companies, macroeconomic pressures have been impacting the consumer, and beer has not been immune. We have seen value-seeking behavior in the form of channel and pack shifting, particularly in the peak summer season. Given the impact the macroeconomic environment has had on the U.S. beer industry, and as a consequence its impact on our U.S. brand volumes during this year's peak selling season. We are adjusting our 2024 net sales revenue guidance to down approximately 1% from up low single digits previously. However, it is important to point out that excluding the impact of our contract brewing revenue declines, our annual top-line projected growth is expected to be positive. With an improved cost outlook related to packaging materials, logistics, and G&A, we are reaffirming our underlying pre-tax guidance of mid-single digits growth for the year, which is in line with our long-term growth algorithm. We are also reaffirming our underlying earnings per share guidance of mid-single digits, but we are narrowing it to the higher end of the range. This is supported by our share repurchase program, which for the first four quarters has been executed at an accelerated pace, given our continued conviction in the long-term outlook for our business. As for more details on the quarterly drivers, as a reminder, our contract brewing agreement with Pabst terminates at the end of this year, although most of the brands have already left our brewery network. This reduced financial volumes by about 570,000 hectoliters in the third quarter, and by about 1.5 million hectoliters in the first nine months. As a result, Pabst had a negative 2.6 percentage point impact on the third quarter, and a negative 3 percentage point impact on the first nine months of America's financial volume on a year-over-year basis. But again, while this is a current volume headwind, the reduction of this contract brewing volume is expected to have a positive impact on our brewery network effectiveness, as well as mix and margin. As a reminder, we deliberately built inventory in the U.S. in the first half of the year as a result of the Fort Worth strike. And as expected, most of that unwound in the third quarter. Excluding contract volumes, STWs exceeded STRs by about 1.1 million hectoliters in the first half. And in the third quarter, this flipped the other way, with STRs exceeding STWs by about 870,000 hectoliters. From a price mix perspective, we continued to benefit from global net price and growth. This, combined with mixed benefits from both the Pabst exit in the Americas and premiumization in EMEA and APAC, drove an increase in consolidated net sales revenue per hectoliter of 5.2% for the quarter. Turning to cash flow, we generated $856 million in underlying free cash flow for the first nine months of the year, while investing meaningfully in our business and returning $717 million in cash to shareholders through both dividends and our share repurchase program. In fact, we repurchased more of our shares in the third quarter. We continue to view our valuation as compelling amid our confidence in our business and in our long-term growth algorithm. That confidence stems from our progress against our strategic priorities. I'll start with our core power brands. Collectively, they remain healthy. In the U.S., Coors Lite, Miller Lite and Coors Banquet third quarter combined volume share was down about a half share point of industry versus a year ago when we saw strong share gains. Compared to last year, we continue to retain a substantial portion of our share gains on these core power brands. And compared to the third quarter of 2022, these brands were up 1.9 share points. So the step change gains we made last year have largely stuck. Coors Banquet would continue to perform very strongly with brand volume up 8% and growing industry share for the 13th consecutive quarter on top of significant prior year gains. In fact, year-to-date, Banquet is the fastest growing top 15 beer brand in the U.S. in terms of volume percentage growth. We see much more opportunity ahead as we invest in building the brands awareness, its national scale and loyal consumer base, particularly among new Gen Z and millennial legal drinking age consumers. In Canada, Coors Lite continued to perform very well and again gained share of segment in the three months ended August. In fact, it's the number one lite beer in the industry. The Molson family of brands also gained volume share for both the three months and year-to-date ended August. This performance has helped us to drive 19 consecutive months of share growth despite the challenging industry backdrop, and we plan to build on that. In EMEA and Apex, strong results in Central and Eastern Europe was supported by Ožujsko in Croatia, which increased volume 6% in the quarter, as well as the extremely successful relaunch of a legacy brand in Romania called Caraiman. Caraiman has already reached over 250,000 hectoliters since March and has been incremental to the overall portfolio in the country. And while it's certainly early days, its initial success highlights our ability to identify consumer needs and full white spaces while complementing our existing portfolio. And Carling is, of course, a top lager in the U.K., and we continue to invest to further enhance its brand equity amid a challenged mainstream segment in this market. Turning to our premiumization priorities for both beer and beyond beer, EMEA and APAC is an excellent example of our ability to premiumize. We've shared that more than half of our EMEA and APAC Net Brand Revenue is in above premium, and we have continued to build on that. Much of this success comes from Madrid, which grew Net Sales Revenue over 15% in the quarter and is now the number two lager in the on-premise in the U.K. in terms of value. And as discussed in our earnings release this morning, we are pleased to have now taken full ownership of Cobra, an over 200,000 hectoliter above premium brand in the U.K. Canada also continues to premiumize, with its above premium Net Brand Revenue up nearly 15% in the quarter. This was driven by the success of Miller Lite, which is the fastest growing beer brand in this market, as well as by our flavor portfolio. We are growing more share of flavor than any other major brewer in Canada. We are committed to building on these successes with premiumization in the U.S. We have taken necessary actions to allow even more focus on scalable above premium opportunities, including divesting underperforming craft breweries. We do have work to do here, but we have focused plans and see long-term opportunities within our expanding above premium portfolio of brands in both beer and beyond beer. I'll highlight a few examples. Last quarter, we shared some of our new plans for Peroni, and they are starting to take shape. We have already onshore production of kegs and cans and bottles will follow soon. This will significantly improve consistency of supply, which has previously been a challenge when we have tried to scale the brand. And very importantly, it will also allow us to introduce different pack sizes that consumers are asking for. In addition, we have strong commercial plans, which we intend to fund through the meaningful savings that will be driven through local production. Ultimately, we see no reason why Peroni can't rival the size of other major European imports in the U.S. Of course, it will take some time, but we plan to hit the ground running in 2025 as we begin to drive meaningful scale and margin for this high-potential brand. In beyond beer, which is a big part of our premiumization plans, non-alcohol is an important area of focus for us. With our emphasis on addressing consumer needs, particularly those of the younger legal drinking-age Gen Z consumer, and on capturing more occasions, we are investing behind the growing areas in the space where we feel we have a right to win. This is a long-term plan, but we are making progress. With this in mind, as part of our broader strategy within non-alcohol, we have increased our investments in Zoa, bringing our ownership interest to 51%. We believe Zoa is well positioned, particularly as it plays in the better-for-you segment that is outpacing energy category growth. With the support of its co-founder, Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, we have built a strong foundation for Zoa over the past three years, and it's time to pursue the next stage of growth and scale. Taking this increased stake allows us to lead the entirety of the brand's marketing, retail, and direct-to-consumer sales development as we drive brand awareness and distribution, leveraging the strength of our network. Supporting all these strategic priorities is our robust capabilities, and today I'd like to share a few examples of how they are creating value across the commercial organization. Taking a consumer-centric approach, we have developed deep consumer insights in the form how we support our brands and develop winning innovations. Whether it's how we show up in new occasions with non-alcohol or attract Gen Z through flavor, or how we make authentic cultural connections with Latinos. Happy Thursday is a great example of how we identified a preference within Gen Z for bubble-free beverages, and we were a first mover in the market to address it. We are also advancing our shopper insights, like with our approach in C-stores, creating our first-ever C-store innovation pipeline to win in this critical channel where we have historically under-indexed. This includes three new launches that fit the larger trends in singles and high ABV across both beer and flavor. Now, before I pass it to Traci, I'll conclude by saying that we are confident we have the right strategy to achieve our long-term growth objectives. Collectively, our global core power brands are healthier than they have been in years. We are changing the shape of our global portfolio with premiumization successes in EMEA and APAC and Canada, and targeted plans for the U.S. We have strong and growing operations outside of the U.S. which are performing well and contributing meaningfully to our growth. We have built capabilities across our organization that support premiumization and focused innovation, supply chain efficiencies, and commercial effectiveness, all of which help drive sustained, long-term, profitable growth. And we have substantially improved our financial flexibility, allowing us to continue to advance our strategy by investing in our business as well as returning cash to shareholders. So, we are pleased with our progress and our ability to capitalize on the opportunities ahead. And with that, I will pass it to Tracey. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin. We continue to focus on enhancing our profitability and financial flexibility. We are a highly cash-generative business, and as Gavin mentioned, we delivered $856 million in underlying free cash flow in the first nine months of this year. This was supported by underlying pre-tax income margin expansion of 100 basis points during this period. And we achieved this despite gross margin pressure, largely due to volume deleverage, particularly in the third quarter related to the U.S. shipment trends discussed. It was also achieved while we continue to support the health of our brands globally. Marketing investment was up for the nine-month period, but it was down for the quarter as we were cycling higher investments in the second half of last year related to the accelerated demand in the U.S. We also continue to prudently invest in our business to help support long-term, sustainable, profitable growth. One example is our multi-year, multi-hundred million dollar Golden Brewery upgrade, which is now complete. And now we have more flexibility to continue to invest across our brewery network to support our ongoing cost savings initiatives while maintaining tight control of our annual capital expenditures within historic ranges. Importantly, our balance sheet is healthy. Our quarter-end leverage ratio was 2.1x while in alignment with our long-term target of under 2.5x. And we are so proud that our strong progress has been recognized by Moody's, which upgraded us one notch last week to BAA1 stable, our highest investment grade rating in over a dozen years. Ultimately, our greatly improved financial flexibility provides us more optionality in the ways that we invest in the business, including both on M&A and to return even more cash to shareholders. We remain committed to our String of Pearls approach as evidenced by our recent investment in Zoa and Cobra. As for returning cash to shareholders, in the first nine months of this year, we paid $279 million in cash dividends and paid $438 million to repurchase 7.5 million shares. Since the plan was announced in October 2023, we have repurchased 5% of our Class B shares outstanding. It's an up to five-year $2 billion plan and we have utilized 29% in just the first four quarters. And now I'll conclude with our financial outlook. As Gavin discussed, we are adjusting our net sales revenue guidance to down approximately 1% from low single-digit growth previously. This is a result of the softer than anticipated U.S. industry performance during the peak summer selling season. However, we are reaffirming mid-single-digit growth for underlying pre-tax income driven by lower-than-expected costs largely due to packaging materials and logistics costs as well as G&A expenses. We also expect improved efficiencies and cost savings related to the further refinement of our U.S. regional cost operations as announced this week. These efforts serve to optimize our brewery network by closing our two remaining and underutilized U.S. regional craft breweries, Chippewa Falls and 10th Street in Wisconsin and shifting more production to our Milwaukee brewery. We are also reaffirming mid-single-digit growth for underlying earnings per share, but we are narrowing it to the higher end of the range supported by the execution of our share repurchase program. Lastly, we continue to expect $1.2 billion plus or minus 10% in underlying free cash flow. Looking specifically at the fourth quarter, in the U.S., excluding contract volumes, we plan to shift to consumption for the year. Given we shipped ahead of demand by about 1.1 million hectoliters in the first half of the year and 870,000 hectoliters reversed in the third quarter, we expect STRs to outpace STWs by about 200,000 hectoliters in the fourth quarter. Also, we expect a remaining headwind of about 500,000 hectoliters to Americas financial volume related to the termination of the tax contract brewing agreement at year end. We continue to expect costs per hectoliter to be impacted by volume de-leverage related to the U.S. shipment drivers discussed. This compares to a volume leverage benefit on a consolidated basis of about 30 basis points in the comparable period in 2023. And we continue to expect MG&A to be down compared to the prior year period as we stifle both higher marketing investment, which was up approximately $50 million in the fourth quarter last year to support the momentum in our brand, as well as higher incentive compensation. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our business goals, our strategy, and our growth algorithm. We recognize that 2024 guidance is not effective of our collective long-term growth algorithm. But notably, excluding the impact of Pabst, our guidance does imply positive top-line growth for 2024, despite the softer than anticipated industry this summer. At a higher level, there is how we think about some of the building blocks of the long-term growth algorithm. To get to top-line growth of those single digits, the drivers are pricing, mix, and volume. On average, we expect annual net price increases in North America to be in the average historical range of 1% to 2%, and other markets to trend in line with inflation. We expect mix to be a meaningful growth driver as we advance toward our medium-term goal of reaching about one-third of our global net brand revenue from above premium. We are focused on stabilizing some of our larger above-premium brands in the U.S. and we seek great opportunities for brands like Peroni, Madri, Blue Moon Light, as well as our broader non-alc initiatives. When we put this all together, we remain optimistic we can achieve our global premiumization goal. Given the growth potential through price and mix, there is room for some variations in volume in a given year. Also, we are not just a U.S. business. It is certainly our largest market, but our markets outside the U.S. are important contributors to our growth outlook. For perspective, within our Americas business is the high NSR rate market of Canada, which grew its top line 5.7% for the first nine months of 2024. And EMEA and APAC is also performing well, with its top line also at 5.7% for the same period. EMEA and APAC is home to one of our most successful innovations in our history, Madri, and it also provides us with exposure to the higher relative growth markets in Central and Eastern Europe, where we have been executing strong commercial plans. And to get to mid-single-digit underlying pre-tax income growth, our algorithm assumes margin expansion. This is not only a function of disciplined revenue management and mixed benefits from both premiumization and significantly lower contract brewing, but also from the return on our investment in supply chain and commercial capabilities that support our growth initiatives, efficiencies, and cost savings. And then layering on our commitment of returning cash to shareholders through our share repurchase program supports high single-digit underlying earnings per share growth. In closing, we believe we have the right strategy and we have made meaningful progress. With compelling cash generation and a healthy balance sheet, we are committed to continue to invest in our business to achieve long-term financial growth and our strategic goals, while also returning cash to shareholders through a growing dividend and our share repurchase program. With that, we would like to open it up to your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. The first question today comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Bonnie, please go ahead.
Bonnie Herzog: I guess I have a question on your financial volumes in America. Could you help us unpack the impact from shipment timing in the quarter that you called out versus maybe the impact on your business from macro pressures? And I recognize that you also had, I think it was a 260 bps headwind due to the [Pabst] [ph] on wine. So just trying to think through those factors. And then your updated sales for the year while lower doesn't try an acceleration in Q4. So I guess I'm really just trying to understand what is factored into that. I mean, can you talk about trends in October? Did your shipments accelerate in October, for instance? And that kind of gives you some expectation that Q4 will be better. And I guess that's it. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie. And good morning to you. Let me start and maybe, Tracey, you can add to it. I didn't catch entirely everything on your question there, but I think I got the gist of it. The guidance, obviously, from an NSR point of view and taking it from where it was to down around 1% was largely driven by what we experienced in July and August. Those were tough months for the industry. And, of course, we were impacted the same. We certainly did see some improvement in September. And over the last sort of four or five weeks, as we've got into Q4, the overall industry has performed a lot better than it did in July and August. Of course, July and August are important months for us, right? Because it's the middle of summer. From a shipments point of view, you know, it played out pretty much as we expected in the third quarter, as we unwound the sort of stocked inventory building that we had coming into Q2 because of the Fort Worth situation. And so, we've largely unwound that, but there is a little bit more to go. Depending on where brand volumes, sales to retails fall out, it'll probably be a couple of hundred, a thousand barrels. And then, perhaps certainly almost all of Pabst is out of our system now. I think there's one brand family left, which will come out in the fourth quarter, but that's relatively small volumes. And so if you put all of that together, that's how we landed at the guidance shift that we made. Tracey, did you want to add to that?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. I mean, just maybe to put some numbers to it. Bonnie, so in the U.S., our shipments were down 17.9%. The brand volume was down 6.2%, and Pabst had a 2.6% impact as well. And then the rest was just really timing, trading days, et cetera.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Drew Levine: This is Drew Levine on for Andrea. Thank you for taking our question. So Gavin, I wanted to double quick on, the industry backdrop. You mentioned over the summer, there was a lot more value-seeking behavior and that there's been improvement in September and October. So curious, what you're seeing from a consumer perspective, anything specific that you see as driving the improvement in the industry backdrop? Is it specific channels, consumer cohorts? And then maybe as it relates to next year, how kind of the improved performance into the fourth quarter will factor into your planning? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Drew, for the question. Look, I mean, from an overall industry point of view, there's obviously throughout this year, right, there's been a lot of noise with trading days and holiday timings and sometimes turbulent weather. But if you look at the overall industry in total, it's essentially a continuation of what we've seen for a while, with slightly more patch shifting into signals as well as larger effects as consumers, they continue to look for value. And not to be repetitive of what I said to Bonnie, but the category has been up and down. July and August certainly showed the pressures from economic impacts with some of that channel and pack shift accelerating. Though, as I said, that eased up a bit in September and certainly in October and, the first part of November data that we've seen suggests that, much better performance from an industry point of view than we saw in July and August. So from a consumer point of view, not seeing anything meaningfully different from previous trends, value conscious consumers continuing to engage in some channel and pack shifting. But, we've noted that trend on this call before and somewhat counterintuitive to that, we continue to see premiumization taking place. And that certainly applies in the U.S. and in Canada, pretty similar situation. I don't have a crystal ball on where this is all going to play out into the future. We're obviously encouraged by recent trends and we keep a close eye on consumer confidence, which has ticked up in the recent numbers that were released. So, put all of that together and we're not seeing a whole lot different to what we've seen previously.
Operator: Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni with Citi. Please go ahead.
Filippo Falorni: I wanted to ask about early thoughts on the fall reset. Obviously last year, you had significant shelf space gains as one of your competitors were going through some issue. What are your thoughts for this year in terms of retaining the shelf space that you gained last year and potentially gaining more? Any thoughts on your key brand will be helpful. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, thanks, Filippo. And good morning. Look, from a shelf reset point of view, if you remember correctly, we had a significant dislocation last fall. Retailers don't normally make any meaningful changes to shelf sets in the fall. And we had an unprecedented change in the fall and then we had it again in the spring. So collectively, a big jump in shelf space for ourselves. As we've said previously, we didn't expect those meaningful dislocations to take place again. And we thought that the retailers would revert back to the small tweaks, either up or down, that they've done in the past. And obviously, our goal was to retain the shelf space that we gained and to increase it. And we achieved both of those goals in the fall of this year. We held the share of space that we gained in the fall and the spring, and we actually gained a little bit. So very positive outcome from us given the significant increase in shelf space that we experienced in the fall and spring. Going forward, we would expect, in spring for the same process to manifest retailers making tweaks and adjustments based on innovations that are coming out and moving, slow moving items. I think a key takeaway from our perspective is we retained the significant shelf space we got and we actually gained a little bit more. So we're very pleased with the outcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Bryan, please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Maybe Tracey, can you just level set for us now where we stand in terms of sort of marketing levels? If I recall last year, given the upside that you were running, there was quite a bit of incremental spend built into the back half of last year and I guess I'm thinking about this more in terms of as we exit '24 and into '25, are we into or are we at a level now in terms of total marketing expense that is enough, right, to drive the algorithm or do we think that there's going to be a potential to step up more?
Tracey Joubert: Thanks, Bryan. Yes. So if you recall, we did say that we don't expect to spend the same level of marketing dollars in the back half of this year as we did in the back half of last year because we were investing, fairly significantly behind our core brands which had the momentum that we were seeing. And as I said in my prepared remarks, for the fourth quarter of this year, we don't expect the marketing investment to be up, last year it was up about $50 million in the fourth quarter. But if we look at the full year '24, we still expect our marketing investment to be up versus 2022. And we will continue to put the right level of investment behind our brands. We will make sure that we fuel our core brands in particular but also the innovations and above premium plans that we have against Blue Moon, against Madri. We've spoken about Peroni and how we're going to increase investment behind that brand as we bring production into the U.S. just makes it, much easier for us. So we will put the right level of investment behind our brands, but we don't expect significant deficit. But again, we'll make those decisions as we see, what we need to invest behind and where we need to invest and which brand.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Chris, please go ahead.
Chris Carey: I wanted to just, I guess, reflecting on 2024, clearly the top line has been a challenge. But this is really a category dynamic. It's been a challenge across the entire category. When you reflect on how this year has gone and start thinking about, next year, how much of the volume we've missed this year feels like an anomaly with maybe some green shoots that you feel like are getting better or not. And how much of the price that you've seen this year feels durable? Obviously, there's a mixed premiumization element but pricing element as well. And what I'm really getting at here, and you answered it how you will regarding 2025, but it's this dynamic where, you're lapping this really significant event from last year. And on top of that, the category was quite weak. And so it's really hard to understand where your top line is going to shake out, in, say, a more normal environment with more normal comparison. And I just don't know if you have any kind of broader comments on that as you canvass the next one or two years. I mean, clearly you've been doing well from a profit standpoint or returning cash, but it's that top line, which is the recurring debate. So I would just love any added perspective there. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks, Chris. Look, I mean, I'd like to unpack what you just asked, right? But maybe I can just summarize it into, what gives you confidence that you can meet your long-term growth algorithm as it relates to NSR? So I'm going to answer it that way, right? I mean, if you look at 2024, lots of noise in 2024, both from an industry point of view, from, Pabst coming out of our top line, revenue and cycling, significant growth in the previous years. So I've made the point, I think, in my remarks about, if you strip Pabst out of our top line, we actually are in positive territory. So let's start there. And, of course, we do have some, while Pabst are out of our system largely by the end of Q3 and will be out completely by Q4. We'll continue to cycle that for the next nine months at least and a little bit in the fourth quarter of the following year. But if you look at the share retention that we've experienced with our core power brands, right? I mean, we gained and have gained and retained about 190 basis points of share growth over the first nine months of the year when you compare it with 2022. So that's very pleasing, and in the latest four-week read, we're retaining about 80% of the share that we gained last year. So I'm very, very pleased with that outcome. We've retained most of it and that seems to be settling down at this level. Coors Banquet in particular has been very positive for us. Year-to-date, that brand is growing double digits. It's the fastest growing brand from a percentage point of view, as I said, in this space, and it's just doing very, very well. We're more than just a U.S. business, of course. Tracey made that point. We've got Canada that's growing revenue really strongly. We're gaining share at a meaningful clip in Canada year-over-year on top of share growth from last year, our EMEA and APAC business is also driving top-line growth. So from a pricing point of view in the U.S., we've said previously we expected pricing to sort of settle down into that 1% to 2% range. So far this year, it's at the top end of that range at around 2%. The price increases that we got in fall, last year, same players and spaces have increased price in the fall of this year. Our premiumization efforts, which obviously draft strong mix, doing really, really well in Canada and across the ocean. We know we've got work to do in the U.S. We've got clear plans from that. We obviously made some moves in the quarter, taking our stake above 50%. So, overall, when I look at it and some of our innovation and premiumization plans, whether it's Peroni in the U.S. or expanding Madri into Canada and Bulgaria and potentially some other markets in Europe in the new year. And I feel confident in our long-term growth algorithm, Chris. Hopefully that answered your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Rob Ottenstein: I'd like to just maybe drill down a little bit into some of the prior questions and ask what does the pricing environment look like, the promo environment? We understand that there was some selective pricing in October on singles in the import space. I don't know if you played in that with Peroni, for instance, and how that played out. But just love to understand what the competitive environment looks like. So let me stop there. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. Well, let me answer the Peroni question now. No, we didn't do anything, to my knowledge, on promotion on Peroni. Our plans around Peroni are much different, right? I mean, as we've said, we're bringing that brand onshore, and that's going to give us, three really big advantages for us, right? It's going to be a more consistent supply, increased pack formats, which the consumers' been wanting, but we haven't been able to provide, given where we were sourcing the product from, and then, a ton more margin to reinvest back in the brand to drive marketing. So that's our strategy around Peroni. It's not a promotional pricing play for us at all. This is a really good above-premium brand for us, and we want to keep it that way. From an overall pricing point of view, as I said, we're looking to pricing being in that sort of historical range, top end of it at this point in time. The full GI is pretty consistent with last year. What do I mean by that? We only had a select group of markets that we took price last year from a GI point of view, and it's pretty much those same markets that we're doing again this year. Haven't seen much of a shift in product elasticities, although the sort of macroeconomic environment, particularly in that sort of July and August timeframe, did push some consumers to reach for value by channel or pack, not by brand. From a promotional point of view, as I've said before, we always see some level of promotional activity in the summer months, and this summer was no different. I do think one of the things that was a little different from a brand point of view or maybe a segment point of view was there was some deeper discounting in the above premium tier, which obviously we didn't react to and therefore did have some impact on our core brands in our pockets, but we felt it was important from a brand point of view to stick to our strategy, which we did, and I would perhaps call out as the only different thing that took place this summer that we haven't necessarily experienced in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Robert, please go ahead.
Victor Ma: This is Victor Ma on for Rob Moskow, and thanks for the question. So it's clear in tracking data that growth simply spiked to slowing, and it seems like, blurring the lines by taking a preexisting brand, it just doesn't work long term. So what are your thoughts there? And I know it's small, but can you speak about Happy Thursday and how it's performed versus your internal expectations? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, sure. Look, I mean, talking about something spiked, I don't think it's a small brand. I mean, that brand's $100 million in revenue. That's a big brand for us. As it relates to flavor more broadly, consumers do tend to have a treasure hunt mentality. And so you've got to make sure that your flavor innovation is keeping pace with what the consumer's looking for as they evolve their demands. And yes, we have seen some softening on some of the original packs that we launched. But, simply as we've said before, the non-alc brand is about founding one out of every two households in America. We continue to believe that there's potential to drive growth into distribution and household penetration going forward. And I'll give you another recent example for us in the Simply Spiked space. We launched a new LTO with Cranberry. Obviously, seasonally, this is a great time to do that. Trying to drive some engagement with our brand outside of the typical summer months. And we've seen, really strong execution with display and feature increasing week-over-week with that LTO. So, as we looked at 2025, we've got strong plans to play in this space. And certainly from an overall flavor point of view, we see potential going forward for not just Simply Spiked, but our whole flavor portfolio. If you look at Happy Thursday in particular, obviously it's still early for us, but we're hearing lots of positive feedback from many different markets. We think that brand really hits the intersection of what legal age Gen Z consumers are after. It's a great bubble-free beverage. It's flavorful. It stands out on shelf. And, it's too early for us to predict how big this brand could actually become, but we're certainly encouraged by the early results. And we are certainly very happy that we've got first mover advantage here. And we're going to continue to support this brand. Thanks, Victor.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta with Morgan Stanley. Eric, please go ahead.
Eric Serotta: So in terms of above premium, can you talk a little bit about plans to revitalize Blue Moon? I think you were talking about that a bit last year and, it seems relatively mixed so far. So some more work to do. Also, can you address opportunities for Coors Banquet from here? Does the Golden expansion or new brewery in Golden unlock additional capacity and are there plans to push that harder? And then lastly for Tracey, any initial thoughts in terms of COGS per hectoliter for next year? You won't have some of the headwinds from the deleveraging with the contract brewing going away. Should we think that there's some tailwinds from sort of the delayed impact of commodities coming down given your hedging program? Yeah, we'd love to get your thoughts on those areas. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Okay, thanks, Eric. I'll take the first two, Tracey. You obviously take the third one. I'll start with Blue Moon. Eric, as we've said in the past, it's a big, important brand for us. It's a top priority for us in the above premium space and we're very committed to turning the trajectory of this brand around. That's why we've launched the new packaging, the whole new visual identity for the brand family. We've got the new campaign, and we've repositioned Blue Moon large and we're seeing signs of stability. The Blue Moon family of brands has experienced sequential improvement in total industry dollar share, right? Not craft dollar share, which is, craft is falling off quite a lot, but in total industry dollar share, we're seeing sequential improvement for the Blue Moon family and the last 52 and flat in the last 13 weeks. So we're encouraged by that a lot, actually. We continue to see positive momentum behind some of our new innovations, whether that's the repositioning of Blue Moon Lite and whether it's the launch of Blue Moon non-alc, which is now the number two craft non-alc brand. So, we've got a lot of activity behind Blue Moon. We're starting to see the impact from a share of total industry point of view and we're going to continue to drive that. As far as Coors Banquet's concerned, no, the expansion on the [dwarf] [ph] side of the brewery has not created extra capacity for us for Coors Banquet. We only make Coors Banquet in Golden and as we drive that volume up in Golden, so we can move brands that are produced in Golden to some of our other breweries and we do that. So I have no worries about capacity. for Coors Banquet. And I know that the operators can support whatever growth our sales team bring us and that growth is strong at the moment, right? I mean, we've gained industry share in the last 13 consecutive quarters. Year-to-date that brand is growing double digits. I think I said as maybe my opening remarks to an earlier question, it's the fastest growing top 15 big brand in the category year-to-date and in Q3, growing faster than that big Mexican import. We've worked really hard to build the brand and to grow the distribution at the same time. And we're seeing consumers from all legal drinking age generations really take to Coors Banquet because of the quality that it brings and the lifestyle that it represents. And that comes through and comes to life through partnerships like Yellowstone. You're going to see us around the final season of Yellowstone and quite meaningfully as it launches. So yes, but probably more than you asked, Chris, but you got it anyway. Eric, but you got it anyway. You want to do the COGS?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So Eric, we haven't given COGS guidance for next year. We'll certainly talk more about our guidance for 2025 when we have our Q4 call. But maybe just a little bit of context in terms of, how are we looking at COGS and our costs going forward. So, we've put a lot of investment in our breweries. And you specifically mentioned our Golden Brewery. And most of the capital investments that we make is to support long-term sustainable growth to drive efficiencies, help mitigate inflation, et cetera. And certainly removing Pabst mix will benefit our efficiency in our breweries as a positive impact. We eliminate hundreds of short-run brands. That really means that we can improve efficiencies with fewer changeovers. That leads to less waste. It also gives us more headroom. As we go into the summer, running it at full capacity, certainly helps from a leverage point of view as well. As we look forward again, cost savings is just a way of life at Molson Coors. And most of our cost savings initiatives are concentrated on the COGS line. So really focusing on improving efficiencies, production efficiencies, reducing waste, also helps in supporting our sustainability goals. So more to come on our Q4 call. But, obviously this is a big focus area for us and constantly looking at opportunities to take costs out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Please go ahead, Peter.
Peter Grom: I guess I just wanted to follow up quickly on just the category questions, but just more what's really embedded in the outlook. Obviously, it's nice to see some sustained improvement here in September and October, but we've seen the category move around quite quickly over the last year. So I guess I'd just be curious, when you think about the 4Q guidance, are you kind of assuming, this current improvement holds? Are you embedding some flex, if the category were to weaken from here? Can you just help us understand what's kind of really embedded in the outlook from a category perspective?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks, Peter. Look, I mean, as you know, there are a lot of drivers for our top line, right? And certainly from a 4Q point of view, we've got a good feel for those, right? We know what we're going to ship pretty much. We know what has come out from a perhaps contract brewing point of view and what's left. And so we've got a good handle around that. We've just put our pricing, the full price increases in, and we've obviously got the price increases from spring that roll forward. So we've got a good handle on our drivers, given where we are in the year, and how it's going to play out in the fourth quarter. And as far as the long-term is concerned, I think in answer to, I think it might have been Chris's question, I think I covered off on all of the reasons to believe in our long-term algorithm as it relates to, in terms of your question, the top line.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Lauren, please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: I was a bit surprised to see EMEA and APAC go back into volumes being down. And I know you flagged the increasingly competitive environment in the U.K. But I was hoping to just maybe dissect a little further the drivers that volume weakness and just kind of perspective on more recent trends. Thanks. A - Gavin Hattersley Thanks, Lauren. Look, I mean, consumer demand in the U.K. has been a little bit soft compared to the previous year in Q3. We did see some uplift from the Euro tournament. But, as I think everybody who operates in that market has spoken about that was offset by some poor weather. On the other side, the market has become increasingly competitive with some high promotional intensity in that space. We continue to support our brands for Carling. We're certainly driving a value over volume strategy, so we haven't participated in that high promotional environment. On the positive side, Madri continues to drive both volume and value growth for us across both the on and the off premise. From an overall consumer point of view, when you compare the U.K. with all the other countries in the world, they've probably been a little bit more resilient. And with inflation coming off and interest rates coming down, it's hard to see that that won't have a positive impact on consumer behavior. Obviously, we'll have to see how it plays out, but that's an overall summary of what's going on there. Operator Our final question today comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Michael, please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: I just wanted to touch on Zoa a little bit more, and I guess maybe in the scanner data, it certainly is a very small brand and hasn't done a whole lot. Maybe more than anything, two questions. Is there anything we might be missing? Does it have a big unmeasured component we should make sure to be aware of? And then just looking ahead with a consolidating stake, how different might execution be? You know, what should we expect and maybe over what time horizon? Is there a much bigger push that might come near term? Is it a bit more of a long-term trajectory? How should we think about all that?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Michael. From a Zoa point of view, we think we've got lots of potential for success with Zoa. It's a better-for-you energy drink. That's the space it plays in. If you unpack the drivers of growth or the lack thereof in the energy drink space, certainly better-for-you energy is driving all of the growth in the energy drink space where there is that. And Zoa plays right into that sub-segment of energy. We think we've got a fantastic liquid. We've said that in the past. We think we've got a great brand. We think we've got great packaging. And we've got a powerful spokesperson who's not just a social media influencer, but actually somebody who has a decent stake in the business with us. As far as [our mission] [ph] is concerned, Zoa is already a top-ten brand on Amazon year-to-date, which is incredible, given how long its competitors, the big players, have been in this space. So we're very encouraged by that. We're very encouraged by the fact that Zoa is attracting new drinkers into the energy category, and we're starting to build stronger new distribution and getting chain mandates, which we didn't have before. Now that we've got a majority stake in the business, we're going to have ownership of marketing. We're going to have ownership of other areas that we haven't had before, and that's going to be a big, big plus for us. It's highly incremental to our overall revenues, very supportive of our String of Pearls approaches, as Tracey mentioned. So we feel really good about this brand, and that's what gives us confidence to take our minority stake up to a majority stake. So thanks for the question, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions, and so this concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With that, I'll hand over to Traci Mangini, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Traci Mangini: Thank you, operator, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks today, we look forward to taking your questions. In an effort to address as many questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have technical questions on the quarter, please pick reach out to our IR team. Also I encourage you to review our earnings release, the earning slides which are posted to IR section of our website and provide detail financial and operational metric. Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. Reconciliations for any non-US GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial results we discuss are versus the comparable prior year period, and are in U.S. dollars. With the exception of earnings per share, all financial metrics are in constant currency when referencing percentage changes from the prior year period. Also, share data references are sourced from Circana in the U.S. and from Beer Canada in Canada unless otherwise indicated. Further, in our remarks today, we will reference underlying pretax income, which equates to underlying income before income taxes, and underlying earnings per share, which equates to underlying diluted earnings per share as defined in our earnings release. With that, over to you Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Traci. Good morning everybody and thank you for joining the call. We are pleased with our results this quarter, which played out largely as we had expected. We acknowledge that there are a few near term timing dynamics impacting our quarter-to-quarter performance this year. In today's call, we will unpack these as well as the drivers of the second half of the year to demonstrate why we are maintaining our guidance for the full year 2024. In the second quarter, we essentially held our top line and grew our bottom line while cycling a very difficult year-over-year comparison. If you recall, the second quarter of 2023 was our strongest second quarter net sales revenue since the 2005 Molson and Coors merger. Consolidated net sales revenue was down 0.1%. Underlying pretax income grew 5.2%, and underlying earnings per share grew 7.9%, while we continue to invest behind our brands globally heading into peak season. We also accelerated the pace of share repurchases for the quarter given compelling valuation as we see it, amid the strong performance of the business and our confidence in our long-term algorithm. Contributing meaningfully to our results was our EMEA & APAC business due to favorable net pricing, premiumization and brand volume growth. For the first half of the year, we increased net sales revenue by 4.2%, underlying pretax income by 20.4% and underlying earnings per share by 23.8%. While this is a very strong performance year-over-year, there are a few timing factors that will impact us in the third and fourth quarters, which is why we are maintaining our guidance for the full year. These timing factors will result in an unwind in the back half of the year, and the resulting temporary trends are not reflective in any way of our confidence in our acceleration plan and growth initiatives. The most important timing factor to understand regarding our performance in the first and second halves of the year is U.S. shipment timing. We made a deliberate decision to increase our U.S. inventories in anticipation of and during the strike at our Fort Worth brewery, which ran 14 weeks during February through May. We did this to ensure we had healthy inventories during the peak summer season. As a result, excluding contract volumes, STWs exceeded STRs by about 750,000 hectoliters in the first quarter and by about 350,000 hectoliters in the second quarter, and we continue to expect this will essentially fully unwind the third and fourth quarters with more weighting to the third quarter. Another factor impacting our results is the continued exit of Pabst contract brewing volume as we approach the termination of the agreement at year-end. This reduced second quarter financial volume by 580,000 hectoliters with declines accelerating from the first quarter. Introduced our first half financial volume by over 900,000 hectoliters, which represents a decline in Pabst contract volume of over 50% from the first half of 2023. To put a final point on it, Pabst had a negative 3.2 percentage point impact on both our second quarter and first half Americas financial volume on a year-over-year basis. And while Pabst is a near-term headwind to total volume and net sales revenue, the mix benefits related to its exit along with favorable global net pricing and premiumization in EMEA & APAC drove an increase in consolidated net sales revenue per hectoliter of 4.2% for both the quarter and for the first half. Turning to cash flow. We generated $505 million in underlying free cash flow for the first half of the year, while investing meaningfully in our business, and we returned $564 million in cash to shareholders through both our dividend and share repurchase program. Tracey will cover more on our capital allocation and outlook drivers. But to sum it up, given our strong performance for the first half of the year, we remain on track to deliver our 2024 guidance. This guidance calls the top and bottom line growth for the third straight year, something that has not been done in over a decade. Now let me take you through our strategic priorities, starting with our core power brands. In the U.S., Coors Light, Miller Lite and Coors Banquet second quarter combined volume share is down 0.5 share point of industry versus a year ago when we saw our peak share gains. However, these brands remain up 2 full share points compared to the second quarter of 2022. This means that we retained approximately 80% of our peak share gains on our core power brands. Coors Banquet, in particular, is performing extremely well. We have deliberately built on this 150-year-old brand over the last several years, building on its loyal consumer base and attracting new Gen Z and millennial legal drinking age consumers. And the results have been impressive. Coors Banquet grew brand volume nearly 13% in the first half of the year and gained dollar share at the fastest rate among the top 15 brands in the beer category, and we see great potential ahead as we continue to close distribution gaps and increase brand awareness. In Canada, Coors Light continues to be the number two brand in the country and the Molson family of brands gained volume share in both the 3 months and year-to-date ended May. In fact, in Ontario, Coors Light and Molson Canadian continue to be the number one and number two brand, respectively, in both the 3 months and year-to-date ended May. In EMEA & APAC, strong results in Central and Eastern Europe have been supported by Ožujsko in Croatia, which has gained nearly 2 value share points of the core segment year-to-date in June as well as the extremely successful launch of a new core power brand, Caraiman in Romania, reaching about 150,000 hectoliters since March. And Carling's brand equity [ph] continued to benefit from its partnership with the FA Cup. Turning to our premiumization priority for both beer and beyond beer, our above premium portfolio was over 26% of total net brand revenue for the 12 months ended June 30. Our premiumization progress is at different stages across our markets, and we have had success in EMEA & APAC, Canada and Latin America. In EMEA & APAC, our above premium share of net brand revenue continues to be over 50%, up nearly 10 percentage points from the full year 2019. This improvement is primarily due to the very successful launch of Madri, which continued to grow revenue double digits in the second quarter. And it is the number three lager in the on-premise in the U.K. in terms of value. In the Americas, our above premium share of net brand revenue was over 21% for the 12 months ended June 30, which is up nearly 2 percentage points from the full year 2019. This was supported by Canada, where our above premium share of net brand revenue has also grown driven by the success of Miller Lite, Coors Seltzer and Vizzy. Also contributing to the mix is Latin America, where more than three quarters of our net brand revenue is above premium. In the U.S., our net brand revenue share from above premium has improved compared to 2019, but our above proven trends have been more challenged recently, and we have work to do here. Now this is largely due to the strong performance of our core power brands in 2023, but we believe we can build from here, and we have focused plans around our key above premium brands and innovations to do just that. This starts with the Blue Moon family performance, and we feel good about our new campaign in packaging, our repositioning of Blue Moon Light as well as our line extensions into non-alcoholic [ph] It's early, but we believe we are moving in the right direction. We are committed to continuing to innovate and scale in Beyond Beer, which for us is all about above premium. Flavor is a key focus area because it's big and it's growing. Given the flavor consumer evolves and shifts quickly, flavor innovation is key to keeping pace with their demands. We believe we have impactful brands with potential in the space. For example, we have built Simply Spiked into a $100 million brand in just 2 years, illustrating the power of the Molson Coors platform as a launchpad for innovation and growing brands. And while we have seen some softening on our original pack as we launched into new flavors, with the Simply brand in one out of every two households in the U.S., we believe the Simply Spiked brand family has more runway. And we have exciting plans for Peroni. By onshoring production in the U.S., we believe we can better ensure consistency of supply and ultimately drive scale and margin for this high potential brand. Before I pass it to Tracey, I'll conclude by saying that we are confident we have the right strategy to achieve our long-term growth objectives, and we are very pleased with our progress against our strategy. We are a much different company today than we were 4 years ago, and we are most certainly stronger than we were just 16 months ago. With that, I will pass it to Tracey.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin. We reported another strong quarter of financial performance and continue to expect we will achieve our goal of growing the top and bottom line for the third year in a row. As Gavin mentioned, with our strong free cash flow generation, we continue to invest strategically in our business and also return cash to shareholders. Since October 2019, when we launched the initial phase of a new strategy, we have invested substantially in our capabilities from supply chain to marketing, to technology and tools that advance our insights and analytics. These investments have driven substantial cost savings, which helped to offset inflationary pressures and support long-term sustainable profitable growth. In recent years, this has included adding flavor production and coat [ph] packing capabilities, expanding and diversifying our supplier base, building a slim can capacity in our can plants and replacing several breweries with state-of-the-art facilities in Canada. In the first half of this year, a big focus has been our multiyear, multi hundred million dollar modernization of our Golden, Colorado brewery, which is nearing completion. This project at our largest U.S. brewery, which broke ground in the fall of 2020, is completely overhauling the brewery's infrastructure and is expected to result in more efficient fermenting, aging and filtration facilities, as well as a state-of-the-art upgrade to the sellers. When it is fully operational in a few weeks' time, we will have a more efficient brewery that produces less waste. We also commenced a new multiyear project in the U.K. to increase our brewing and packaging capacity, which is necessary in part due to the continued growth of Madri and it is these investments, along with our extensive hedging program, that have helped us to offset inflation, particularly during the significant inflationary period we have experienced in recent years. And while inflation has moderated, as expected, it remains a headwind this year. In the second quarter, our cost per hectoliter increased 2.9%, which was driven by the Americas business, which was up 4.1%. This is largely due to ongoing inflationary pressure as well as volume deleverage in part due to the reduced past [ph] contract volumes in the Americas business. Turning to marketing capabilities. We overhauled our marketing strategy several years ago, making us more nimble and efficient as we have continued to invest behind our brands. By improving our ability to analyze and evaluate the effectiveness of marketing investments, we are able to assess our campaigns in almost real time and we built our own in house agency, enabling us to meaningfully shift our percentage of spend to more working versus non working marketing dollars. It's our deep marketing capabilities that have enabled us to meaningfully improve our return on marketing investment since 2019 and supports where our long term growth algorithm does not contemplate step changes in marketing spend. As for returning cash to shareholders. In the first half of this year we paid $188 million in cash dividends and in February we raised the dividend for the third consecutive year, a cumulative 29.4% increase. As such, we are generating a dividend yield of 3.2% as of August 1. Also, we are active in executing against our up to 5-year $2 billion share repurchase program that we announced last October. We continue to view our stock as a compelling investment opportunity amid the strong performance of the business and our confidence in our long term growth algorithm and utilizing a sustained and opportunistic approach, we repurchased 4.6 million shares for a total cost of $260.7 million in the quarter. Since the inception of the plan, we have already repurchased 8.8 million shares or 4.4% of our Class B shares outstanding since September 30, 2023, for a total cost of $521.1 million. That means we have completed approximately 26% of the plan in just the first three quarters. And the reason we've been able to deploy our capital in these ways is because our balance sheet is strong and healthy, healthier than it has been since before the 2016 MillerCoors acquisition. We ended the quarter with a leverage ratio of 2.13 times, which remained in line with our long-term target range of less than 2.5 times. In May, we issued an 8 year €800 million [ph] note at a fixed rate of 3.8% and used the proceeds to pay down our €800 million note upon its maturity in July. And now I'd like to conclude with our financial outlook. We are reaffirming our 2024 guidance. As a reminder, the key metrics call for low single-digit net sales revenue growth on a constant currency basis, mid-single-digit underlying pretax income growth on a constant currency basis, mid-single-digit underlying earnings per share growth and underlying free cash flow of $1.2 billion, plus or minus 10%. While this guidance implies slower trends for the second half of the year, it's important to remember that this is driven by shipment timing this year, and it does not alter our confidence in our long-term growth expectations. As Gavin discussed, in the US, excluding contract volumes, we deliberately shipped ahead of demand by about 1.1 million hectoliters in the first half of the year. This compares to the first half of 2023 when our STWs were behind our STR by about 400,000 hectoliters. And since we currently tend to shift to consumption for the year, we expect this to reverse in the second half, mostly in the third quarter. At the same time, our contract with Pabst continues to wind down, recall that we expected the impact for the year from the Pabst contract termination to be approximately 2 million hectoliters or about 3% of America's financial value. There is about 1 million hectoliters remaining that will come out of our system in the second half of the year, with over half of that expected to exit in the third quarter. These US shipment trends are expected to result in volume deleverage in the second half of the year. And recall that we had a volume leverage benefit on a consolidated basis, up about 60 basis points in the comparable period in 2023. For some perspective, on a consolidated basis, we estimate that our fixed costs in 2024 will comprise approximately 20% of our total cost. However, the anticipated benefits of roll forward pricing taken in the first quarter, premiumization of our portfolio, moderating inflation and cost savings should partially offset the impact of volume deleverage. And we expect SG&A for the second half to be down compared to the prior year period, as we tackle the second half of 2023 when we had high market investment to support the momentum in our brand as well as higher incentive compensation. As we look to the longer term, we remain confident in our growth algorithm, as we have multiple levers to achieve it. From our robust revenue management platform to our premiumization and innovation plans to our continued investment to drive efficiencies and cost savings, these levers help us to navigate various market circumstances. In closing, we had another strong financial quarter and remain committed to our short and long-term financial and strategic goals. And with that, I'd like to open it up to your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bonnie Herzog from Goldman Sachs. Bonnie, please go ahead.
Bonnie Herzog: Hi. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I guess I had a question on your guidance, which you did maintain in terms of full year on all metrics, which certainly implies a deceleration in the second half, as you highlighted. So, maybe you could unpack this a little bit more for us. For instance, how should we think about the volume deleverage impact in the back half? And possibly provide a little more color on any offsets do you have to mitigate the impact on margins? I think you touched on this. And then in terms of marketing spend levels, Tracey I think you just mentioned that you expect spending levels to be lower in the second half versus the first half. So just hoping for a little more color on your strategy with that and really how we should think about your spending levels moving forward, as I think about your ability to continue to hold on to some of these share gains since 2022? Thank you.
Tracey Joubert: Good morning, Bonnie, and yeah, thanks for the question. So, as we look at the volume deleverage for the back half of the year. So from a COGS point of view, we do expect higher COGS in 2024 versus 2023 and our second half to be higher than our first half. And really, this is all driven by the deleverage and as well as mix. So we spoke about the deleverage impact from our shipment timing as well as the exit of tax. But also as we premiumize our portfolio, that does add COGS, although it is margin accretive. We have said that we expect to see continued inflation, although it is moderating. And some of the things that is driving the inflation is we do have material conversion costs, which generally are linked to inflation indices and they do tend to lag. In addition, we've spoken about our hedging program. Generally, our hedges are longer term, so anything up to 2 years and so we do have some hedges that we put in place in '22 and '23, which will roll off this year and next year. In terms of helping to moderate some of the COGS inflationary increases that we've seen, we have got cost savings. We've invested in our breweries to drive efficiencies and cost savings. So that is going to help us offset. In terms of margin, with the contract brewing volume coming out, remember that is at a very low margin for us, so that certainly going to help margins, even though it does have a volume leverage impact. It does take a lot of complexity out of our breweries, especially during the peak summer season where we need the capacity and taking out some of that volume will not only just impact efficiencies, but tend to lead to reduce waste. So that will drive our COGS down as well. In terms of the marketing, so we do expect our MG&A to be lower in the back half of the year versus the first half of the year. And if you recall, in the second half of 2023, we think an incremental $100 million in marketing really to drive the strong momentum in our brands. And this is evenly split between Q2 and Q3. Now typically, we spend more marketing dollars in the summer. So you can expect lower year-over-year spend, particularly in Q4. But just remember, we do expect 2024 marketing to be up meaningfully from 2022. So there's no pull back on marketing. We'll continue to invest behind our brands, and make sure that we've got the right view to drive the momentum.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you.
Tracey Joubert: Thanks, Bonnie.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Andrea, please go ahead.
Drew Levine: Hey, good morning. This is Drew Levine on for Andrea. Thanks for taking our question. So Gavin, you've talked previously about April, May being relatively soft for the beer industry. Can you just talk maybe on the monthly progression on brand volumes in the US through the quarter? Did you see improvement in June and perhaps how performance has been in July? It seems like it's been a little choppy, but the weather has been a bit better. And in that context, how you're thinking about the industry performance for the rest of the year? And then just secondly, maybe, Tracey, on the brand volume performance for the US in the quarter, any way to contextualize the holiday load-in timing impact. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Drew. Good morning and thanks for the question. Look, they're obviously, as you rightly said, there was a fair amount of noise in the second quarter. You know, there was holiday timing, a bit of turbulent weather in the first part. So certainly April, April and May were tougher and we did see some improvement in June. Collectively, when you look at the second quarter in totality, particularly if you adjust out for the timing of the July, the fourth holiday, it's just a continuation of what we've been seeing for a while, right? And from a consumer point of view, not trading down between or up between brands but more tax shifting within the brand portfolio to singles or to larger pack sizes. I think as we look going forward, and I think if Q2 taught us anything, it's that you can't make a prediction on the quarter based on a few weeks of data. So let's see how quarter three turns out. But certainly, Q2 is a continuation of what we've been seeing for a while. Tracey, the second part of the question?
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. I mean, just in terms of contextualizing, so if we exclude our contracts brewing volumes, we deliberately shipped ahead of demand in the first half of the year. So that was about 1.1 million hectolitres that we shipped ahead of demand. And if you compare that to the first half of 2023, we actually shipped behind demand by about 400,000 hectolitres. So that just gives you some context in terms of our domestic shipments. And then if we add the Pabst shipment in the -- so we had approximately 2 million hectoliters this year of Pabst coming out of our system. We have about one million hectoliters remaining for the back half of the year, most of that coming out of Q3.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Drew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Kirk with ROTH Capital Partners. Bill, please go ahead.
Bill Kirk: Bill Kirk>: Hi. I wanted to ask about on-premise strategy, in particular kegs and draft within that strategy. So how have the two channels differ for you in the US, on-premise versus off-premise. And what is your -- the role of kegs in on-premise strategy? It seems like a lot of the vertical prefers cases over kegs when dealing with the on-premise. So curious what your draft strategy is going forward?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bill. Good morning to you. Yeah, look, I mean, from our perspective the data that we see from internal estimates, the on-premise in the US, which I assume your question is directed at is performing slightly better than the off-premise in the quarter. And given how important is to building brands. It's an area we focus on meaningfully, whether it's our core brands of Miller Lite and Coors Light or whether it's Blue Moon, and keg is an important part of that strategy. Now where changes occur on-premise, sometimes it's between keg sizes. But kegs is and will remain an important part of our on-premise strategy and an important part of how we continue to build our brands.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. Rob, please go ahead.
Rob Ottenstein: Hey, Gavin. You guys have done a really nice job, obviously, with Banquet and Coors Light and Miller Lite. But I think probably you are a bit disappointed with Blue Moon, Peroni and some of those above-premium initiatives. Can you talk to us maybe a little bit about what's working, what's not working in terms of driving the high-end of the business and maybe what you might do differently going forward to rebalance the portfolio for growth going forward? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert, and good morning to you. And, yes, I'll take the complement on the core brands, and we, of course, agree with you. I think our team has done a really nice job marketing and executing our core brands, and we're seeing the benefits of that. You rightly point out that we've got work to do in the premiumization space. In the US, I would say that our premiumization progress outside of the US has been very strong. It's growing strongly in Canada. We're over half in our EMEA, APAC business; and 75% of our volume in Latin America is in the above premium as well. But you're right, we've got work to do in the US. We recognize that, and Blue Moon is our biggest above premium brand. It's a big, important brand for us and for our distributors and our retailers, and we're committed to turning that brand around. And that's why we've launched the new packaging. It's why we've got a new campaign. We've got new innovation there with Blue Moon non-alc and we've repositioned Blue Moon Light this year and the early signs on Blue Moon Light are very promising, and we've seen initial very promising initial traction on Blue Moon non-alc well. So completely committed to reinvigorating this brand and we think the changes that we've made in the first part of this year are a really important step in that direction. As far as Peroni is concerned, I mean, we believe the Peroni could be a big brand. And we've obviously made some changes to that, which we've made very clear about, right, is we're shifting to domestic production of Peroni in the US. And that does three things for us. The biggest challenge that we've had with Peroni has been consistent supply and bringing it onshore and putting it into our supply chain network, which is operating really well and effectively at the moment. It's going to allow us to give us a really consistent supply of fresh Peroni to our distributors and obviously our retailers. So we think that's really important. It also gives us the opportunity to increase different pack formats that we have available in the US, which we haven't had with Peroni. That's going to allow us to much better compete in the US. And then, of course, it gives us more margin, right, because we're eliminating a very long part of the supply chain. And that's going to allow us to reinvest behind the brand from a marketing and execution point of view. So we think it's got a lot of runway. It's -- awareness is still fairly low and its distribution is low. So I like our plan. We've started it. It's just kicked off and our expectations for Peroni are high. Thanks for that, Robert.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Chris, please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Gavin, you had spoken to trends, just kind of tracking your expectations at the overall category level or something of the sort. And I wonder, as the world as Wall Street is a bit more concerned about the consumer? Are you starting to see any sequential changes in the consumer appetite for your categories? Does that help or hurt your business on a relative basis? And I wonder if you could just comment on perhaps what you're seeing in July when it comes to overall consumer engagement with the category with your brands. So thanks for any perspective there.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Chris. Look, I mean, from an industry point of view, I won't rehash my remarks on the second quarter other than to say we had noise different weeks performed differently. But collectively, when you got to the end of the second quarter, not terribly dissimilar to what we've been experiencing over the last few years. From a consumer health point of view, just run around our markets for a second and start in the smallest, right. See, our Central and Eastern Europe market. We've been talking about how the consumer there has been challenged for some time. And we're starting to see that change. There's the reduction in CPI. It's putting less pressure on the consumer's disposable income level. And that started to translate to an increase in market demand in the first half. So we'll watch that carefully but promising signs there. And in the UK, the consumers remained resilient. I think the weather in June in the UK has been well documented by all of our competitors. But the economy certainly is improving with inflation slowing down and wages are continuing to rise. So we'll watch carefully how that translates into consumer demand. In Canada, the industry is performing fairly similarly to the US, right? Overall, consumer spending was a little lower in the second quarter. Inflation continued its downward trajectory. Frankly, our performance in Canada is very, very pleasing, right? And it's all the work that we've done over the last few years to execute the revitalization strategy in Canada with our core brands. And we're seeing the benefit of that as we're gaining market share at a good clip. And in the US, as I said, we're not seeing anything terribly different from what we've previously seen. Value-conscious consumers are continuing to engage in channel and pack shifting, but not brand shifting from a value perspective. But we've kind of noted that trend before. I think -- as address your July question, I think, as I said, if the second quarter taught us anything, it's not to judge a quarter on a few weeks' trends. And so we'll -- let's see how Q3 plays out. I mean we'll have a good idea whether it's a continuation of the trend we've been experiencing or not.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Victor Ma: Hi, good morning. This is Victor Ma on for Rob Moskow. Thanks for the question. So 4% price mix in Americas, it seems kind of high. Can you maybe help dimensionalize how much of that was from pricing, how much from organic positive mix and how much from mix benefits from Pabst? And can you also maybe comment on how prepared the company is for a scenario, where you do have, I guess, a light recession in the US and just the resiliency of the beer category within total alcohol. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Victor, and good morning to you. Look, from a pricing point of view, I see your question is directed at the US. Our net pricing increased comprised, it's a little over half of the increase with the balance coming from mix, whether that was brand pack mix or Pabst coming out. So sorry, my comment on net pricing was for the consolidated results. It pretty much holds true for our Americas as well. Net price was a little over half of the game with the rigs coming from mixed benefits from Pabst point of view or a brand pack point of view. Thanks, Victor.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Hi, thanks, operator. Good morning, Gavin. Good morning, Tracey. I have a question -- my question is related to the US, Gavin. And I guess kind of twofold. One is at the start of this year there was a lot of anticipation around shelf sets and more shelf space gains. And so if you can kind of give us a little bit of insight in terms of how that's turned out. Has it helped, I guess, in terms of market share? And do you think that the space you've gained can be held? And then, if I could just squeeze also into that, you kind of look at the depletion in the US for the first half. Is it more or less in line with your expectations? I guess I understand that the share -- market share for certain seems like it is, but just kind of curious if just an overall volume, if that's come in relative to what you were expecting at the start of the year?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bryan. Great question. Look, from a spring reset point of view, I think we said, we expected about a 13% share of space increase for our core brands in the large format stores. And that's what we got premium and so premium being -- Coors Light imports. We're certainly the biggest winner as far as the space allocation point of view. And I guess, craft and Sulzer [ph] continued, I guess, to fill the biggest pinch in space. As it relates to going forward, we were, as I said, the clear winner based on what we've seen. And from a full perspective, last year, we did see an unprecedented unusually higher percentage of retailers that executed some of their resets. This year, we don't expect that based on the data that we're seeing. There may be some minor tweaks up or down, but we certainly don't expect anything meaningful. And if you go to -- most of the resets are normally done, which is spring. Again, we saw an unprecedented shift in how the brands were showing up at retail. And generally, for as long as I can remember, there were only really minor adjustments to shelf space, mostly focused on adds of new items or deletes of brands that needed to be discontinued or it was simply just not performing from a velocity point of view. And again, based on the data we see and our success in holding the large majority of our core share gains that we got in against, frankly, the toughest comps we're going to experience the whole year, Bryan. I mean, as you remember the second quarter was really, really tough from a comp point of view because our shares spiked quite dramatically and then it came down and settled. So, we've cycled our toughest comp. We've retained 80% of the share gains, and it only gets easier from here on out. And so again, our expectation from a shelf space point of view is retailers will go back to that tweaking and minor adjustment process, which they've done over the years. And so again, we're not expecting a meaningful change there. From a depletions point of view and shipments now, it's how we plan shipments, right, as we were aware that we could have potential work stoppage in our Fort Worth brewery. We wanted to make sure that we could meet the highest share levels that you're experiencing and make sure we didn't have any out of stocks. And I think the supply chain team did a really good job of that. So that was planned this cycle different to different previous years, right, where there was probably more of a balance between first and second half. But no, that was planned, and we've reaped the benefit of that, right, without stock being very, very low and our supply and inventory levels in our distributor right where we need them to be so in a good place. And I mean some of that is obviously reflected in the fact that we ended up as the number one supplier on the Tamarron Survey. All of these things play into that, how we came to life on the shelf resets, how we've done the supply and how they're feeling about our brands and execution. So yeah, thanks, Bryan.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Grom with UBS. Please go ahead, Peter.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey. Good morning everyone. This is actually Bryan for Peter Grom. Thanks for taking my question. Hey can you guys hear me?
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. We can hear you. Loud and clear thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys. Sorry about that. Just two quick housekeeping questions for me, first one, I actually wanted to follow up on Victor's question, not trying to get too into the weeds on the price/mix piece, but in the Americas, that 4.1% being roughly split between rate pricing and mix. Is it fair to think that this contribution should be largely similar looking into 3Q and into the back half, particularly as it seems like you've got even more contract brewing volume coming out in 3Q? And then just quickly on volumes in the Americas. It sounds like the gap between financial volume and brand volume is wider in 3Q versus 4Q, just wanted to make sure that I'm thinking about that right. Thanks guys.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bryan. Tracey wouldn't mind taking the second part of the question. The first part, look, I mean, from a pricing point of view, Bryan, we've -- I think we've been saying for quite some time now that we believe pricing is going to sort of land in that historical 1% to 2% increased level. And that's where it's holding at the moment. And so that will translate into the full year. And from a mix point of view, you're right. I mean we do have a lot more Pabst volume to come out, which will be a mix favorable. So not intending to give any guidance from that perspective, but those are just the inputs which go into it. The trends are not going to change dramatically from a Pabst point of view and from a front-line pricing point of view. Trace, I think the other question was from shipments?
Tracey Joubert: From the financials, net to volume point of view. So as I said, we shipped ahead of demand about 1.1 million hectoliters in the first half of the year. And we do expect that to reverse in the second half of the year, most of that coming out of Q3. And then from a Pabst exit point of view, again, about another 1 million hectoliters of Pabst volume remaining and expect over half of that to reverse or exit in the third quarter of the back half.
Gavin Hattersley: So to summarize, Bryan, yes, most of it will take place in Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler. Sir, please go ahead.
Michael Lavery: Thank you and good morning.
Gavin Hattersley: Good morning.
Michael Lavery: Two quick ones. Just a follow-up on the shelf reset question. I know some of the consumer pack shifts that we've seen as a little bit more recent and perhaps difficult to have been planning for. But in the resets, were you able to tweak the sets at all to adjust for how consumers are going to more single cans or bigger packs. And is it potentially a better set given that you've had some chance to reshuffle there a little bit? And then just second, on the Romanian, the new brand launch there. Maybe what was some of the thinking of a brand-new brand? Obviously, you saw a Madri go really well when that's new to the world as well. Was that some of the, I guess, inspiration? Or was it just that there wasn't something else in the portfolio that's what you were trying to do? Just how do you think about that launch there?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Michael. Look, from a shelf reset point of view, we certainly got a lot more SKUs pack formats into both C-stores and into grocery and in large format. So, I'm not going to say that we got all of the current consumer trends in, but we certainly made a dent on that. And certainly given the extra space that we've got our ability to hold from a large pack point of view and a small pack point of view is much stronger than it was before. To put another way, we have much less out of stocks because of that -- because of the holding power that we've gained install. I think you're referencing Caraiman there in Romania. And that's a brand we've had around for a while. And without peeling back the onion as to how innovation works, right? When I said I've been around for a while, we've used it a while before. And so the innovation team found a gap in the marketplace, and we launched it. And it's proving to be not very cannibalistic to our existing portfolio and adding really nice incrementality to the overall core portfolio. So mark they had in the past, and we brought back to life so far, very successfully. But just a few months, but 150,000 hectoliters in just a few months is a meaningful volume in the market that size.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Lauren, please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to maybe try to get it this a different way in terms of the industry backdrop in the US because I understand you said it pretty clearly all year intentional over-ship and make sure you weren't an out of supply situation and so on. But the data that we all received shows -- and this is like Nielsen plus Circana right shows industry volume down about 3% year-to-date. So I know that's not inclusive, that's not the full market. So I was curious maybe what your read is on industry volume in the US year-to-date and how you're thinking about that for the full year. So that's kind of part one. And the second is great to get also your full set of data in terms of the market share being down 50 basis points. I just wanted to confirm kind of expectation would still be to ground sort of a second half of 2023 type level for share and what you're able to retain if that's still a good way of thinking about it? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks for the question, Lauren. I'll take the second part first. In terms of share, our core power brands, which is Coors Light, Miller Lite, Coors Banquet, we grew 2.5 points of case share in the second quarter of last year. It was our highest share gain that we had that we experienced in the last year, and we've retained 80% of that. And so compared to the second quarter of 2022, our total portfolio is up over 1.7 points of volume share and obviously, we're very pleased with that. And in particular, given that we're going up against the peak share growth. And as I said, it only gets, in early comments, easier from here, but share came down and settled. And we've done that through the shelf resets, which I just spoke about, increased distribution. We've got increased display. We've got increased feature. We've got really relevant marketing campaigns, like our Miller Lite and All-Stars campaign that we've got our Coors Light [Indiscernible] cut, which is attracting new Hispanic drinkers into our portfolio. And so we're obviously planning to execute and retain as much of that share as we possibly can, given that we're now out of the toughest share comps. From an industry point of view, look, I think my comments that I made earlier or what we believe, right, is a lot of noise in Q2 in some weeks. But overall, it's sort of balanced out of where we were expecting where it's been for the last couple of years. And from a shipment point of view, that was a very deliberate strategy. We didn't over ship. We shipped what we wanted to ship in the first half so that we didn't have any inventory challenges going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta from Morgan Stanley. Eric, please go ahead.
Eric Serotta: Good morning. Thanks for the question. First, maybe you could come back to share road. Spirit has obviously been struggling in the US for over a year at this point. As you look forward and in light of the macro environment, how are you thinking about share growth and spirits versus beer? Do you think beer could continue to sort of outperform spirits at least in the short-term? And then maybe you can come back and talk a little bit about performance of your recent innovation from the past few years. It looks like simply quote quite a bit some of the earlier packages being to be struggling a bit. That was a very nice contributor over the past few years. So how are you thinking about innovation contribution?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks for those questions, Eric. Taking your first one. Look, I think beer in the classic sense of the beer remains down, but it has sequentially improved dollar share of total alcohol. So definitely seeing an improvement in classic beer. If you add the RTD spirits into that, which beer supply is put in, and then just total overall beer is gaining share against spirits. So definitely tracking in the right direction from an overall total alcohol point of view. If you look at our innovations, let's start with simply, right? I think let's just stand back for a second. And we're pleased with the fact that we've built a brand that is over $100 million from nothing in just two years, right? And so we're pleased with that performance. Consumers, though, as we've learned in this space, and that's why we focus on the flavor category in totality, I do have a little bit of treasure hunt mentality. So, keeping innovation, flavor innovation, in particular, is really important to keep pace with this flavor consumer. And given that Simply [ph] is in one out of every two households in the United States, our focus right now is continue to drive trial because when consumers try this brand, they love it. And so trial is important. A strong marketing and sales programming is important for us. And I'd point out that the brand is performing really, really well in Canada. We've achieved over a 10 share of the flavor RTD category up there and that's in large part driven by Simply Spiked. If you look at the other innovation, I talked briefly about [indiscernible] it's performing well, early days. Madri is the superstar of our innovation. It's a top 10 brand. We've recently launched it in Canada and Bulgaria. It's early days, obviously, but we're very encouraged by the results that we're seeing in those two markets, and it continues to grow in double-digits despite the competition that's come in the United Kingdom. So, feeling good about that. We've launched from an innovation point of view, Happy Thursday, which is tapping into a new consumer. We think we're first to market there and again, early days, but from a flavor point of view and what the consumer is looking for from a bubble free perspective, I'm encouraged by the start. And then another brand that we've grown from nothing is ZOA [ph] Again, I think that one's we've had around for about three years. And obviously, this is a completely new space that we've gone into. So, lots of learnings for us in the beginning. But we now think we've got a fantastic liquid. We've got a great brand. We've got packaging that works really well, and we've got a very powerful in more ways than one spokesperson who is driving this brand forward. It's a top 10 brand in Amazon. It's attracting new drinkers into the energy category space. And we think it's got a right to win in certain distribution channels, and that's what we're going after. So, collectively, I'm pleased with the progress that we're making on innovation, and we've built some real powerhouse brands in a very short space of time. And now our job is to accelerate that performance. Thanks for that question, Eric.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions and so this concludes our call. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website. With that, I'll hand over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A Commercial Finance and Investor Relations. 
Greg Tierney: All right. Thank you, operator, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks today, we look forward to taking your questions. [Operator Instructions] Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period in U.S. dollars and in constant currency when discussing percentage changes from the prior year. Also, U.S. share data references are sourced from Sircana, unless otherwise indicated. Further, in our remarks today, we will reference underlying pretax income which equates to underlying income before income taxes as defined in our earnings release. So with that, over to you, Gavin. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg, and thank you all for joining us this morning. In the first quarter, Molson Coors once again delivered against our commitments, growing the top and bottom line while making strong progress on our acceleration plan. We grew net sales revenue by over 10%. And we grew underlying pretax income by nearly 69%, and we drove significant margin improvement in the first quarter. This morning, we reaffirmed our full year guidance, which Tracey will discuss in more detail shortly.
 To sum it up, we remain confident in our ability to grow the top and bottom line for a third consecutive year, but cautious about current trends in the industry. The U.S. beer category has been challenged so far this year. While we did see some improvement in March, there was also volatility in the industry and mismatched weeks such as Easter. So we're keeping a close eye on April's trends and taking those into account for the balance of 2024.
 In spite of this volatility, we remain confident in our ability to achieve top and bottom line growth in 2024. We also remain confident in our ability to achieve our long-term growth algorithm. In the first quarter, we grew brand volume and net sales per hectoliter in both business units, and our share gains in the U.S. were consistent with the gains we saw in the second half of 2023. Having said that, we aren't the only ones who are confident in our business. Retailers are also confident, having allocated around 13% more space for Coors Light and Miller Lite in the U.S. during spring resets. Which supports our confidence that these share shifts are structural.
 Our distributors are also confident, which is why we expect our core brands to grow distribution this year. And across the globe, we have strong commercial platforms that are designed to serve our brands in 2024 and the years to come. With that, let's get into how our business performed in the first quarter. And I'll start with the first priority of our acceleration plan, growing the revenue of our core brands.
 Collectively, our core brand started 2024 strong including double-digit brand volume growth for Coors Light and Coors Banquet in the U.S., high single-digit brand volume growth for Miller Lite in the U.S. and double-digit brand volume growth for Ozujsko in Croatia. In the past 4 months, we've launched new long-term campaigns across our core brands, starting with Coors Light during Super Bowl. Shortly thereafter, in the U.S., Coors Light became the top dollar share gainer year-to-date in the on-premise per Nielsen. Miller Lite is a close second and their combined success has fueled 12 consecutive 4-week periods of industry-leading on-premise growth for Molson Coors, 4x more growth than the next largest competitor.
 In Canada, Coors Light is seeing similar success and grew nearly a full share point of the industry year-to-date. As I hinted earlier, Coors Light momentum is anchored by our new campaign Choose To. This is an evolution of Coors Light's Made to Chill campaign, which helped turn the brand around. 
 But Choose Chill is more active for consumers and more connected to the refreshment and lifestyle Coors Light represents. You'll continue to see those Choose Chill as we launch a new music program this summer and expand Coors Light's presence in soccer and football.
 We believe work like this has driven Coors to become a trusted and desirable brand for consumers, which is true for Coors Banquet as well. After growing brand volume by nearly 20% in 2023 in the U.S. Banquet grew volume by 23% in the first quarter and gained nearly 0.25 point of industry dollar share. I've already spoken about spring resets. But while we're talking about Banquet, I want to share the significant distribution growth we've seen for this brand and expect to continue seeing moving forward.
 In 2024, Banquet is expected to grow distribution by nearly 20%, driven by surging demand in parts of the U.S. where Banquet has historically under-indexed like the Southeast and great Lakes. This is what happens when consumer demand fuels distributor and retailer confidence. This year, we plan to keep driving Banquet with more television media pressure, TV advertising for the first time in several years and several large programs with current and new partners across television, music and apparel.
 Turning to Miller Lite, which grew its U.S. brand volume by high single digits in the first quarter on top of strong comps from the prior year. In March, Miller Lite launched its new All Stars program, reinvigorating the debate about where the Miller Lite taste great is less filling or both. This campaign brought on a new roster of long-term celebrity partners like J.J. Watt, Regie Miller, Big Puppy, [indiscernible] Mia Hamm.
 The early response has been very strong, and we have more planned for the Olympics, Major League Baseball and football. Now in Canada, Miller Lite sales is an above premium price point. And year-to-date through February, it was the fastest growing above premium beer nationally, growing its brand volume by over 40%. Speaking of Canada, the Molson trademark also outperformed the industry and gained volume share. In March, we announced a multiyear partnership with the professional women's Hockey League, which was very positively received by fans and retailers alike.
 Similar to other women's sports, viewership for the PWHL has surged this year with broadcast and in-person attendance, both at record highs. We're excited to continue this partnership and Molson will also have a strong presence at the Olympics this summer as the official beer sponsor of Team Canada. Moving on to the U.K, Carling's partnership with the FA Cup began coming to life across TV, digital and retail in the first quarter. And we believe this is the perfect sponsorship that [indiscernible] up for sustained success.
 According to our data, Carling is more associated with professional soccer than any other beer in the market. At a 35% association, it's nearly double the next competitor. Rounding out our core is Ozujsko which has continued its strong momentum in Croatia and now has a 54% value share of the core segment. Ozujsko is much loved locally, but also by the many travelers who visit Croatia each year, and we've just launched a new equity campaign nationally to continue growing the brand.
 So our core brands have collectively continued to perform strongly in 2024, and we believe we have the right commercial plans to keep them growing for years to come. Now turning to our high-end brands. It's clear we have lots of runway in every part of our portfolio. In the first quarter, Madri Excepcional continued its substantial growth. In the U.K., the brand grew value sales of the on-trade by nearly 50% and value sales of the off-trade by over 40%.
 Madri is currently the #3 world beer in the U.K. total trade, and we have been consistently closing the gap to #2 to keep the pressure on, we launched a new campaign in April that brings the soul of Madri to the U.K. and focuses on growing Madri's awareness. While Madri continues to grow at a strong base in the U.K., you'll recall we also brought the brand to Canada in late February. And while it's still early days, Madri has already made it into about 6,000 accounts across the country, we believe the brand is performing very well so far. Beyond Madri's success, there are other parts of our [ Heine ] portfolio that we're actively working to improve, specifically Blue Moon. Between February and March, we launched new Blue Moon packaging in the U.S., a new name for Blue Moon Light and a large-scale campaign called Made Brighter.
 So our full-scale revamp has taken shape. And while it's too early to know the full effect we are seeing early signs of positive traction. We're also seeing great performance for Blue Moon non-alc, which is now the top-selling new non-alc beer of 2024. There have been about 30 non-alc beer launches in the U.S. this year as well as increasing competition. So there is a truly strong sign as the brand continues to gain distribution and share.
 While we certainly have more to do on Blue Moon, we are committed to driving the turnaround, and we are happy with the progress thus far. Speaking of progress, it was a fast start to the year for Simply Spiked, which grew U.S. brand volume by nearly 35% in the quarter. Simply Spiked Limeade hit shelves in February. And while we are still growing distribution, our variety pack already holds the #1 new item spot for the flavored alternative segment since its launch.
 Simply Spiked had a major media presence during March Madness, along with Coors Light and Miller Lite, we'll continue to focus on sports as a primary [ passion ] point for [some despite] consumers throughout the year. And while it's still early days for our new brand, Happy Thursday, which just launched in April, we've seen a very positive response from consumers so far, and we look forward to building the brand as we approach the peak summer selling season.
 So as you can see, we are delivering on our long-term commitment to grow the revenue of our core power brands with strong overall performance across the world. We are delivering with the strength of high-end brands like Simply Spiked and Madri Excepcional and we are beginning to see positive traction on other key areas of our high-end portfolio, such as Blue Moon. And finally, we are delivering on our commitment to enhance our capabilities with a large investment in our Golden Brewery nearing completion and a $100 million investment plan for our U.K. operations over the next 5 years, which we believe will ensure world-class production of our brands today and in the future.
 We are committed to our overall long-term strategy. We have delivered against it over the last 3 years, and we plan to continue delivering against it year-over-year. And with that, I'll turn it over to Tracey to share some details on our financials and drivers of our guidance. 
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin. We are proud to report another strong quarter. Net sales revenue grew an impressive 10.1% on strong Americas volume and favorable net pricing across both business units. This top line strength, coupled with volume leverage and ongoing cost savings drove meaningful margin expansion, while we continue to invest strongly behind our brands. As a result, underlying pretax income grew 68.8%. Now many of the details can be found in our earnings release and slides, so I'll focus on our prepared remarks on some of the key metrics and drivers of our quarterly performance, and our outlook for the year.
 Our double-digit top line growth was driven by both volume and price mix. As planned, we executed global net pricing increases in the quarter. We also had favorable mix, which was driven by lower Pabst contract brewing volumes. This led to a 4.2% increase in net sales per hectoliter driven by both business units. Financial volume grew 5.7%, driven by the Americas. In the U.S., financial volume increased 7.6% despite an approximate 3% or nearly 350,000 hectoliter Americas headwind related to the exit of low-margin Pabst contract brewing volume.
 Our U.S. domestic shipments benefited not only from continued strong demand but also shipment timing. We typically build inventories in the first quarter ahead of peak season. But this year, we built more than usual in the U.S. This was due to elevated consumer demand and measures taken under our contingency plan related to the Fort Worth brewery strike that commenced in mid-February.
 For context, this year, our first quarter shipments to distributors exceeded brand volume by over 750,000 hectoliters. While in the prior year, first quarter shipments exceeded brand volumes by roughly 100,000 hectoliters. This U.S. shipment timing was a driver in the financial volume growth exceeding brand volume growth. Consolidated band volume growth was 4.4%, with growth in both business units. Americas growth was led by the U.S., which was up 5.8%.
 The growth was driven by continued strength of our core brands, the Coors Light and Banquet each up double digits and Miller Lite up high single digits. In addition, our key innovations, like Simply Spiked also grew. Canada also contributed to brand volume growth. While the Canadian industry has improved since the fourth quarter, it remains challenged. So we continue to take meaningful volume share, increasing brand volume by 3.6%, driven by our above premium portfolio.
 In EMEA and APAC, brand volume increased 1.9%, driven by growth in Central and Eastern Europe as inflation pressures ease, partially offset by challenges in the U.K. off-premise. Turning to costs. Underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter was up a modest 0.9%. Inflation while moderating, continued to be a headwind but was largely offset by 110 basis point benefit from volume leverage. The volume leverage was driven by the Americas business, This, along with lower logistics costs more than offset the impacts of direct materials and manufacturing inflation, which resulted in Americas underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter being essentially flat.
 In EMEA and APAC, underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 3.3%, which was a significant improvement from last year. The increase was due to higher direct materials and logistics costs as well as premiumization of our portfolio. We continue to invest strongly behind our brands globally, increasing marketing spend for our core power brands in particular.
 This included showing up in a big way in live sports at the Super Bowl, March Madness and the FA Cup as well as supporting the launch of the new Blue Moon campaign. Turning to capital allocation. We deployed $144 million in capital projects, which support ongoing productivity and cost savings programs as well as our sustainability initiatives.
 Our Golden Brewery modernization project, which is nearing completion, is a great example of this. And we continue to return cash to shareholders. We raised our quarterly dividend again by 7% and we're active in executing our $2 billion share repurchase program that was announced last October. Utilizing our sustained and opportunistic approach, we repurchased 1.8 million shares for a total cost of approximately $110 million in the quarter.
 Since the inception of the plan in the fourth quarter of 2023, we have already repurchased 4.3 million shares for a total cost of approximately $260 million. Now let's discuss our outlook. We are reiterating our 2024 guidance given that we are early in the year and in particular, our portion around the U.S. and Canada beer industries, which we have shown -- which have shown accelerated softening in early April, we believe that this is a prudent approach to take.
 Now while the detailed list of metrics is in our earnings release and slides, I'll highlight the primary ones. We continue to expect low single-digit net sales revenue growth on a constant currency basis. Mid-single-digit underlying pretax income growth on a constant currency basis, mid-single-digit underlying earnings per share growth and underlying free cash flow of $1.2 billion, plus or minus 10%. Now let's talk about our guidance assumptions.
 Our goal is typically to ship to consumption for the year, and this is true for 2024. So given the strong U.S. domestic shipment volumes in the third quarter resulting in a significant gap between shipment and decisions as I quantified, we expect U.S. brand volumes to exceed shipment volumes during the balance of the year. The termination of the Pabst contract brewing agreement at the end of this year is expected to be a 1.6 million hectoliter headwind to America's financial volumes over the remaining 3 quarters of the year.
 We expect positive price mix, and we continue to expect pricing in the U.S. and Canada to be between 1% and 2%, in line with historical averages and for pricing in EMEA and APAC to trend in line with inflation. We also expect premiumization supported by our expanding above premium portfolio. This includes brands like Madri with its strong momentum in the U.K., along with its recent expansion into Canada and Bulgaria as well as by anticipated improvements in the Blue Moon brand family.
 It also includes flavor as we enter the summer with 3 winning flavors for Simply Spiked as well as our new innovations, Happy Thursday. We believe these brands should keep us moving towards our medium-term goal of reaching approximately 1/3 of our global net brand revenue from our above premium portfolio. On the cost side, we expect underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase due to continued, albeit moderating inflationary pressure, including material conversion costs, higher costs related to premiumization, and lower volume leverage impact as compared to 2023 and the first quarter of 2024.
 We continue to expect MG&A for the year to be roughly in line with 2023. This entails strongly supporting our core power brands and key innovations globally. This is especially true around peak season as we lean into media at both local and national levels and with robust retail programming that drives consumer engagement. In summary, our strong momentum in 2023 has continued into 2024. This shows that our strategy is working with strong brands, supportive distributor partners and the financial flexibility to balance growth and reinvestment with confidence in our ability to deliver our guidance in 2024 and on our long-term growth algorithm in the years to come. And with that, we look forward to answering your questions. Operator? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Bonnie Herzog from Goldman Sachs. 
Bonnie Herzog: All right. I guess I have a question on your quarter and then guidance. I guess, first, were your Q1 results better than you expected or more in line with your expectations? And maybe I'm asking specifically on the shipments, given some of the items you called out? And then you did reaffirm your guidance for the year out of prudence given the softer industry data we're seeing in early April.
 So could you maybe just give us a little bit more color on what you're seeing? And if some of your concern that the weakness could be more structural in nature. I guess, I'm just trying to understand how this impacts your positioning, especially given all the shelf base you've gained recently. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie. Look, I would say for the first quarter, our shipments certainly were higher than what we were expecting. We were obviously planning to ship higher than our brand of volumes. But our supply chain team did a tremendous job actually exceeding our expectations each and every week. As you know, we have a strike down in Fort Worth, and we have a contingency plan and the contingency plan is working better than we had originally expected.
 So short answer is yes, Q1 was better. And we would expect, obviously, that overshipment to come back over the next 9 months because we always try and ship pretty much to consumption over the year. Given the strong -- how strong summer always is for us from a shipment point of view, we would expect more of that to come back in the back half of the year than we would in the front half of the year. 
 From an overall industry point of view, the year didn't start off that well from an industry point of view that was mostly attributable, we believe, to broader weather conditions across the country. March did come back quite nicely, although it was still down, but it came back compared to January and February. And then April has been pretty choppy from an industry point of view. 
 The first 2 weeks were not good. Obviously, there were some dislocations there like -- and timing issues like Easter, which moved into Q1. But it's been pretty noisy. The third week actually was a little better. Actually quite a lot better than the first 2 weeks of April. So a lot of volatility at the moment, a lot of holiday mismatches and that drove us to be just a little bit more cautious about the outlook for the industry. 
 And as I've said in the past, the industry will largely land on how summer goes because it's obviously a really big selling part of the year. And so we'll have a much better idea of where the industry is going to land for the full year as we start to head into summer. So I just provide a little bit of context point. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan. 
Andrea Teixeira: So I was just hoping, Gavin, what you said now about April I mean, a couple of questions there. If you can help us with the STRs in April? And where do you think the softness coming from? Is that from the [carry] across alc income levels on mostly low-income consumer? And on that, if you're seeing anything to call out in the economy segment?
 And as we look at your point, a lot of softness in the category, as we look at the track channel data and as you lap what are you going to lap now the benefit from what happened to your competitor? How can we judge your shelf gains, which are substantial, of course, you called out in the last earnings call, and I'm assuming you can elaborate a little bit more on that.
 So how can we judge your share gains and how sustainable you said in your prepared remarks that you feel a lot of that is sustainable. So if you can elaborate on that first on the category, STRs and then on your shelf space gains. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. Yes, a lot of questions in that question. So let me try and cover it off. And let me start with April, right? I mean, obviously, I understand the desire to monitor the industry on a week-by-week basis as we lap the upheaval, which we saw in 2023. We did highlight months ago that Q2 comps were going to have a lot of noise. 
 And it was going to be hard to credibly measure what was happening on a weekly basis. And if we stand back and look at the big picture, right? I mean, the decline of Bud Light and the explosive growth that we saw in our brands was staggered over several weeks. It didn't just happen overnight. So that was last year. And obviously, the industry took pricing this spring, which didn't happen in the spring of 2023 as I said in response to Bonnie's question, there was an Easter mismatch since the holiday was in the second quarter of last year and in the first quarter of this year.
 And then as you say, the shelf resets, which are going to give our core brands substantially more space in stores across America, 13% for Miller Lite and Coors Light and almost 20% for Coors Banquet, which is not a small brand for us. And the vast majority of stores haven't completed their shelf resets, their shelf adjustments yet. So we know for a fact that there's a lot of upside to come from that.
 I don't believe any of us have seen such a dramatic shift in shelf space before. So I don't have a ready formula to offer you from a volume perspective. But what I do know and what I do believe is that more space equals more volume. It's not a bad thing to be getting all this extra space and it's hard to see how 13% extra shelf space and 20% extra on Coors Banquet doesn't translate into a positive outcome.
 From an overall industry point of view, I think the answer there is a little more challenging, right? We haven't seen any data that suggests that GLP-1 is, for example, which I know is often cited as an issue, although that has quieten down, we don't have data to suggest that that's having a meaningful impact on the alcohol space. I do think that we're living in very volatile times. I do think that inflation is proving to be a little more sticky than folk expected and interest rates are higher and staying for longer.
 So I do see cautious behavior from consumers. And when you lump all of these things together, that does, as Tracey said in her remarks lead to us being a little bit more cautious and prudent as to how we see the industry going forward. But at the same time, we are confident in our ability to drive to our guidance this year for, I think, the third year in a row.
 And we're confident in our long-term algorithm. So I hope that helps, Andrea. And I hope I covered off on all your questions in that one question. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Kirk from ROTH MKM. 
William Kirk: So after 1Q with the underlying income be, the guidance now seems to imply underlying income down low single digits for the rest of the year. And I guess the question is why would that be if price/mix is ahead of COGS per hectoliter inflation, M&A is flat or MG&A is flat and you have the shelf space gains why would the next 9 months be down year-over-year for underlying income? 
Gavin Hattersley: Well, thanks, Bill, and good morning to you. Look, I think I would draw your attention to the comment I just made around shipments, right? If you look at what happened in Q1, we were about 750,000 hectare liters shipped higher than brand volume. If you look at what we did last year, it was 100,000 hectoliters higher than brand volume. So we have 650,000 hectoliters above consumption, which we would expect to come back in the next 9 months, mostly, as I said, in the second half of the year. 
 This was a little better than we had originally expected as I responded to Bonnie's question because our supply chain is doing a tremendous job keeping up with supply and our contingency plan is -- we're outperforming our contingency plan every single week. We did very deliberately increase our shipments in Q1 so that we could meet the extra momentum that we expect and that we could meet the extra demands that the shelf resets will give us. But I would draw your attention to that as being the primary driver, Bill, as we head into the last 9 months of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Grom from UBS. 
Peter Grom: I don't want to kind of beat a dead horse here, but Gavin, you and the team have been pretty confident in your ability to hold share as you lap these gains. And we can all look at the data, and I don't want to overemphasize [indiscernible], but we are starting to see both Coors Light and Miller Lite lose share. Now it doesn't seem to be at the expense of your largest competitor, but just kind of maybe a follow-up on Andrea's question. Are you kind of assuming that what we're seeing in the last couple of weeks here is really noise and as these shelf resets happen, you're going to see kind of an improvement in share sequentially? 
 And then just a following up on that, I think you mentioned that a large percentage of the shelf resets are still to come. Is there any way you can help us understand what percentage of that is or how much has happened already? 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Peter. Yes, look, I mean, obviously, from an April point of view in the choppiness, I'll refer you to my response to maybe it was Andrea's question or Bonnie's, I'm not sure. But we're confident we can lap the results that we had from last year. We believe that we've created a new foundation on which to grow. Shares held for more than a year now. And our first quarter share gains are consistent with the gains that we experienced in the second half of 2023. Our core brands in the U.S. now hold around 15.6% volume share of the industry. That's up over 2 share points from the beginning of 2023. 
 And as I said earlier, we expect to see choppiness in Q2 when the 2023 gains were at their highest. So I would be careful about drawing conclusions from week-to-week share data. This month. As I said, our share gains in Q1 are consistent with where we were in the second half of last year. And in April, despite starting to cycle some of the big gains we had last year, our rolling 52-week volume share, which is around 23.1%, I think. Three weeks in is exactly the same as it was at the end of -- at the end of Q1. 
 From a shelf resets point of view, we either draw or validate about 50,000 planograms in a year. And so we've got a really good understanding of what's going to happen from a shelf reset point of view. And we feel confident in the numbers that we've given of 13% extra for Coors Light and Miller Lite and almost 20% extra for Coors Banquet. As to timing, as I said, the vast majority of our retailers have not completed their shelf resets. This takes place from April, can go all the way through to July actually. So we'll expect to see the benefits of that as we head through Q2, Peter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. 
Stephen Robert Powers: I just wanted to -- I mean, we talked about this a little bit, but just I want to contrast your comments today against comments at CAGNY when you sounded just a lot more upbeat about underlying trends across the industry and the prospects of beer. The tone today seems just much more cautionary just a few months later, despite, I think, very reasonable guidance to us to not overly focused on a few weeks of choppy data. 
 So is this just tactical prudence? Or are you seeing things that are making you kind of rethink some of the optimism at least I heard you express it at CAGNY. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Steve. Look, from an overall industry point of view, I mean, we are more cautious, right? I mean the first 2 weeks of April were pretty grim from an industry point of view and did bounce back a little bit in the third week, but we're still down. So yes, I would say from an overall industry point of view, we are more cautious since CAGNY as more data has come in and particularly the first couple of weeks of April.
 Now Steve, I think it's important that we do put that cautious note out there, given what we've just seen over the last 3 weeks. But we won't know exactly what's going to happen with the U.S. beer industry until I think we're through summer, and we see what transpires in summer. From an overall guidance point of view, we are confident that we can deliver our guidance that we've issued this year. And that's why we've reiterate, despite the caution that we have in the overall industry trends that we're seeing at the moment. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane: Gavin, Tracey. I'd like to get your perspective on 2 things, if I can, Gavin. One is just if you could give us a sense of on- versus off-premise performance, both, I guess, in the Americas and in Europe, actually specifically U.K. Just trying to understand if there's any distinction in the softness we saw in the U.S., whether it's more concentrated on or off trade.
 And then just the second is just simply as you're looking at the Americas or at the U.S. and the off-premise. Is there anything we can read into just how volumes are performing around, I guess, like merchandising events? I guess trying to understand, are consumers stocking up when there's promotions? Is there less stock-up behavior? Just trying to understand if there's anything we can glean in terms of the kind of consumption behavior. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Brian. Let's look at the U.K. I think that was the thrust of your earlier first part of your question. In the U.K., the consumer, as we've been saying for quite some time now has been quite resilient, particularly in the face of the severe inflation that we saw there. From an on-premise point of view, continues to perform well, right?
 And from our perspective, we continue to hold volume share. Where we are seeing a decline from our perspective and more broadly, right, is there was obviously a fairly large excise tax increase in the off-premise specifically to try and close the gap between the off-premise and the on-premise in the U.K. from a tax point of view. But we are also seeing significantly more competitive promotional activities in the off-premise in the U.K., which we have not followed. 
 And so that's impacting our share in the off-premise in the U.K. negatively. On the flip side in Central Eastern Europe, we were pretty cautious about that market last year given the impacts of inflation and the overall economy energy prices and so on, on consumers' disposable income. And thankfully, we're starting to see that trend reverse in this year as consumers' confidence has improved. The disposable income gap has improved because inflation has come down, energy prices are a little lower. 
 And we're starting to see that flow through in our volumes in Central and Eastern Europe. So positive from that perspective. As we've seen for some time now, the on-premise in the U.S. still continues to outperform the off-premise in our U.S. markets. And then from a consumer behavior point of view, we're not seeing trade down to -- between price segments. We are seeing -- I think I made this point last time around Brian. We are seeing some consumer behavior changing at the 2 extremes of our pack sizes.
 So more focused on singles and small packs and on the other end of that spectrum, more focus on large pack consumption with a little bit of a squeeze taking place on that sort of mid-tier pack size of 12 packs and 24 packs. I don't have any data that would suggest that consumers consumption and purchasing behavior has changed more meaningfully than that brand. We're not seeing that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Carey from Wells Fargo Securities. 
Christopher Carey: Just one follow-up and then a question on cash flow. Just from a regional consideration in the U.S., have you seen any different trends by region that might lead you to believe that what you're seeing in April is perhaps maybe just weather-related versus anything else. And then regarding cash, do you have, I guess, a plan if -- obviously, the stock is under pressure to use a bit more cash through the year with the buyback program that you have and being active in the market in Q1. So just perhaps give us any context on how you would be looking at leveraging your cash flow profile this year? 
Tracey Joubert: Thanks, Chris. Maybe I'll start with the, I guess, capital allocation question. So look, as with all capital allocation decisions, we've got models that we run our capital allocation decisions through to make sure that we are providing the most value. So in terms of the share repurchase program, I mean, we've got a sustained and opportunistic approach, and it is over 5 years. So again, that's just one part of our capital allocation strategy, and we'll use the models to make the right allocation decisions during a given period. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Tracey. And the other part of your question, Chris, firstly, I wouldn't attribute the first few weeks of April's overall industry performance to weather. I don't think that we're seeing that at all. I mean, weather has not really been much of an issue. So I wouldn't pin it on that. It's more around consumer behavior and our belief that around consumer confidence, as I alluded to a little earlier.
 In terms of regional splits, no. I don't think we've got any data that would suggest there's anything dramatic happening in any particular region from an industry point of view. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman from Barclays. 
Lauren Lieberman: Two quick questions. The first was just -- I know you've spoken about shipments being ahead and just the contingency plan coming through stronger than you thought was sort of feasible but were shipments ahead of expectations in Q1? That was the first question. And the second was just -- for all the shelf space gains that are coming and you said we'll kind of manifest in the market, April through July, I think you said.
 How should we think about that, if at all, impacting shipment timing? Or is that just kind of part of this -- the STW dynamic being ahead of depletions, and we don't really need to think about it from a modeling standpoint. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Lauren. Yes, our shipments were better than we expected in the first quarter. We very deliberately took our shipments up in the first quarter for 2 reasons: one, which was obviously preplanned and one we put into action in early February. So obviously, we wanted to make sure that we -- our distributors had sufficient inventory to meet the demands, which we knew are going to come from a shelf reset point of view and to continue fueling the momentum behind our brands.
 And so that was planned. And then we did obviously increase inventory because of the strike, which we're experiencing in Fort Worth. The part we weren't expecting is that our supply chain team on a consistent week-over-week basis, I think we're in week 9 or 10 of the strike have overdelivered our expectations from a supply point of view. So that was not expected. And so where it's left us is that we have -- our inventory is in a very healthy place for us to meet the demands of the shelf resets, which are taking place as we speak to meet the demands of a base of volume, which is substantially higher today than it was more than a year ago.
 Behind the momentum of our brands and then also to continue to meet the demands of our distributors and our retailers as we move through the strike in Fort Worth. So hopefully, that answers your question, Lauren. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta from Morgan Stanley. 
Eric Serotta: So I want to talk a bit about reinvestment. I know you gave -- you made the comments, I think, since late last year that the plan was to -- you were happy with your overall level of marketing and other spend and you expect to keep that relatively flat. I'm just wondering kind of philosophically or hypothetically and in an environment where the industry is getting softer, at least has become -- where you're getting more cautious on industry volumes.
 Are you more inclined on the margin, again, hypothetically to spend back a little bit more for the balance of the year to kind of cement the share gains from last year? Or are you more inclined to pull back and sort of keep spending similar on a per case basis or is it just really no change at all? 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks for that question, Eric. I mean I'd point to a couple of things. One is we are very confident in our plans that we have behind not only our big core brands, but also our new innovations and our Above Premium portfolio, not only in the U.S. but also in Canada and also across the pond. So we're executing against the plan that we had, and we're spending the money behind our brands to maintain the structural shift that we've seen, and we like our plans. We think they're working. We think our Coors plan Choose Chill and Miller Lite's all stars programs have been very well received by the consumers.
 Madri in the U.K. and our recent launch up into Canada has been extremely well received by the consumers and retailers and distributors alike. And so our intent is to fuel the fire that we have, and that's our plan. I would also remind you, though, that we do have lots of tools which didn't exist 10 years ago in which we used to consistently monitor what's working and what's not working.
 It does help that more than half of our marketing media spend is now in digital, which allows our marketing team to identify what's working and what's not, what's driving value and what's not. And we are almost at flick of a switch able to change that if we believe that is necessary. So I guess the short answer is, we believe in our acceleration plan. We believe in the health of our brands and we are fueling those brands. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from TD Cowen. 
Robert Moskow: Gavin, I wanted to know if you could update your outlook for U.S. beer category volume. On the last call, I think you said flat to down 1% and I guess you're probably closer to the negative 1% right now? And then secondly, you said that the retailers are very excited about your marketing plans and you've gotten more shelf space. Do you have any color on how excited they are about the beer category?
 Are you giving this category more merchandising space this year? Or is that relatively unchanged? And I also saw a wholesaler index saying that April purchasing intent was actually pretty strong. So have you seen that data point, is that accurate or not? 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. I think that the answer to that is that the retailers are confident and excited about our plans, and they're confident and excited about our velocities and have accordingly allocated us unprecedented amounts of extra space. That's the first point. I don't believe when all is said and done that we will see a large expansion in the space that is -- that has been allocated to beer as a category.
 I think you'll see changes within that. Certainly, craft and flavor, more specifically, seltzers will get less space. And then there's obviously the big structural shift in the premium light space moving from our biggest competitor to ourselves. But overarchingly, I don't see much change one way or another from an overall beer category point of view. In terms of updating our outlook on the industry, I think we're just more cautious, and we need more data than just a few weeks in April before we reach conclusion.
 And as I said, earlier. It is easier to do that once we throw the biggest selling season, which will have the biggest impact on where the industry lands for the full year. So hopefully, that helps. Thanks, Robert. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Nadine Sarwat from Bernstein. 
Nadine Sarwat: Two questions for me. The first is fully understand your point on it takes more than a couple of weeks in April to determine that sort of medium-term volume outlook for the beer industry. So it sort of sounds like you believe on the whole a lot of these weaknesses are transitory, would that be a correct interpretation? Or do you think that there are more structural headwinds at play? I know you called out not seeing anything from GLP-1, but I think investors are calling out a lot of potential concern as this is on potential.
 So is there anything else that you're keeping an eye on? And then the second question, Blue Moon, I know you spoke about all the initiatives that you guys are rolling out and still have in store. Could you elaborate on what your long-term ambition is for the brand, whether that be in terms of size or key target consumers or brand occasions? 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine. Look, I think from an overall industry point of view and drawing conclusions in the first 3 weeks of April, is not something that we're going to do, right? There's a lot of choppiness that's taking place in April. I think I covered that off on an earlier question around the timing of Easter, the massive dislocation, which we saw take place over several weeks in April from the Bud Light situation, the Eastern mismatch pricing and so on.
 So I think it's too soon to say whether these structural or the industry caution that we've expressed is transitory or not. From a Blue Moon point of view, yes, Blue Moon Belgian White is the #1 in craft and it's -- and Blue Moon Light is actually the #1 in light craft beer and as we all know, the Craft segment has had fairly significant challenges over the last couple of years. And because we're the biggest brand in that space, we're not immune to that.
 Having said that, we do know that we've got more work to do around Blue Moon. And to that end, we've launched a new campaign. We've changed the packaging of all of the Blue Moon family so now appears in retail as a family as opposed to different brands. We've repositioned Blue Moon Light and we've made a really interesting fora into non-alc space with Blue Moon non-alc, which it's early days yet, but is certainly performing quite well.
 And providing a nice halo for the overall Blue Moon family. So Nadine, we are committed to reinvigorating this brand, notwithstanding the challenges in the overall craft space. It's been around for a long time. It's a great brand. It's got a wonderful iconography, and we think we can change the momentum of this brand and that's our plan. And whilst it's obviously early days because that plan has only been in place for a month or so, the early signs are positive. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lavery from Piper Sandler. 
Michael Lavery: I just wanted to come back to the strike impact. You called out the pull forward in the volume and touched on some of the operating leverage lift. Are there other puts and takes we should keep in mind just modeling going forward? And would it be correct or fair enough maybe to say that some of the -- any disruption costs seem to be roughly offset by just not having the workers on the payroll that are striking or how do we just think about what the impact is in the rest of the year? Or if or well, obviously, as long as this keeps going, but near term, say, second quarter? 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Mike. Look, Tracey can take the cost side of that particular question. From an overall inventory levels, our inventory levels are very healthy. We -- We're, as I said, maintaining supply to our distributors. Our plan is ahead of where we would expect it to be on a week-to-week basis. So from that point of view, I don't expect any impact. Tracey, from a cost point of view? 
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Michael, as of now, the costs related to the contingency plan has not been material and we don't expect it to be material. So we do not expect it to be material for the balance of the year based on our current projections. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Cooper from Consumer Edge Research. 
Brett Cooper: There's been a lot talked about with respect to the soft beer industry. But one thing I would love to get your perspective on is, if you step back and not asking about first quarter or April, but over the last 12 months or whatever, there's been a narrowing in the gap of performance between [ cigarettes ] and beer in the U.S. And I would love to hear your perspective on if the beer industry is not a right with respect to some of the moves to flavors to be more competitive for share through in the overall alcohol space or if you think that this is somewhat transitory? 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Brett. Look, I think the work that we've done as a category is having more of a positive impact than a transitory one. So I would suggest that the work that we've done around flavors, non-alcohol beers, the moderate impact of the -- all of these things are positive for the overall beer industry, and I don't believe that those are transitory.
 I will move into flavors more broadly as opposed to seltzers specifically, it's been very positive for us as we've driven into the consumer trend of wanting flavor and moving around within flavor more actively than perhaps has happened in the past, whether that's moving from brands in the seltzer space to brands in the flavor space, which has really benefited simply. And then obviously, our foray into Happy Thursday opens up a very new and exciting opportunity for us. And I think you see this more broadly across the beer industry. So I don't see those as transitory. I see that as more permanent. Thanks, Brett. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gerald Pascarelli from Wedbush Securities. 
Gerald Pascarelli: Great. Gavin, I had a follow-up on your above premium strategy and specifically within spirits. You acquired Blue Run last year, obviously, a very premium, but very small brand. So given your goal of driving an increased contribution to above premium and understanding that a big part of that will, in fact, come from beyond beer. Would just love to get your thoughts on whether you feel incremental M&A would be necessary to hit your targets and if increasing your exposure to spirits or American whiskey fits into that strategy? 
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks, Joe. Look, I think our move into beyond beer is much broader than spirits, right? And actually, I would say the bigger move that we've made is into both flavor with brands like Simply and Happy Thursday, coupled with our move into the non-allocation space and specifically with ZOA so the sort of non-ALC non-beer space with ZOA. I certainly believe that we need to have more than just ZOA in the non-alc space, and certainly, that can come from internal development as opposed to buy. I think from a spirits point of view, we did launch our own spirits -- our own spirits brands. And we did, as you say, buy a stake in Blue Run. 
 We've been at this for a couple of years, and our competitors have been at this for hundreds of years. So I'm pleased with our progress, and we've got more work to do to understand this space and be more effective -- and more effective in it. 
Operator: That concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I will now hand back over to Greg Tierney for any closing remarks. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, operator. Greg? 
Greg Tierney: All right. Thank you, operator. If you do really appreciate you joining us today. If you do have any additional questions, please follow up with me and Tracey and the IR team. And with that, we thank everybody for participating in today's call. Have a great day. 
Operator: That concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-13 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website. With that, I'll hand it over to Traci Mangini, Director, Investor Relations.
Traci Mangini: Thank you, operator, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks today, we look forward to taking your questions. In an effort to address as many questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have technical questions on the quarter, please pick them up with the IR department in the days and weeks that follow. Now today's discussion includes forward-looking statements. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. GAAP reconciliations for any U.S. or non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period in U.S. dollars and in constant currency when discussing percentage changes from the prior year period. Also, U.S. share data references are sourced from Circana unless otherwise indicated. Further, in our remarks today, we will reference underlying pre-tax income which equates to underlying income before income taxes on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. With that, over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Traci, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. Before we get started, I want to mention that Tracey Joubert, our Chief Financial Officer, is unable to attend today. We moved our earnings date earlier this year, so I didn't conflict with CAGNY and Tracey had a very long-standing family commitment at this time. So Greg Tierney, our Vice President of FP&A Commercial Finance and Investor Relations, will be filling in on her behalf for this earnings call, and you'll see Tracey next week at CAGNY. At the start of last year, no one, absolutely, nobody could have predicted what would happen in the beer industry. We are just growing the top and bottom line of this business, and we are committed to doing it again in 2023. Since then, we increased our expectations for the full year, not once but twice. We've continued to raise the stakes and I'm proud to say that once again, we have delivered what we said we would. In 2023, our global net revenue grew more than 9%, and we grew our bottom line by nearly 37%. These are our highest reported dollar results on record ever, on top of the already impressive results in 2022. We've proven that Molson Coors is the kind of business that can turn itself around, deliver against its commitments and continue to grow no matter the volatility of the external environment. Every year, for the past 3 years, our industry has faced challenges. We've gotten good at managing them, even when they're massive enough to permanently alter the beer industry. And every year for the past 3 years, we have navigated successfully through the challenges. We have delivered against our vision, and we have grown. But growth is not a strong enough word to describe what we achieved in 2023. We've set a new baseline for our business, and you don't need to look any further than our bottom line. In fact, our 2023 underlying pre-tax income was higher than we thought it would be, and frankly, higher than anyone I am aware of said would be in 2028. So Molson Coors delivered 6 years of profit growth, 6 years of growth in just 1 year. That focus is a new baseline. We are ready for this moment. So let's get into why we are confident. In 2023, our top 5 brands around the world drove over 2 million more hectoliters than they did the prior year. This is like adding the entirety of Blue Moon's global volume to our portfolio. In the U.S., our core brands are growing distribution and space at retail. And as I will discuss in a minute, we expect to gain significantly more space in the spring. Last year, our brands in the U.S. also grew more share of the on-premise than any other brewer. This includes our core brands, and it also includes growth for Blue Moon. And as of the latest 12-week CGA Nielsen reads, we are going 3x more share in the on-premise than constellation, 3x more. To put this performance into perspective, Coors Light and Miller Lite each grew more dollars in the on-premise than Constellation did as a total brewer. I'll let that sink [ph] in for a second. Because of this momentum, we added an incremental $1 billion in distributor revenue to our network in 2023, and our distributors are just as motivated to grow again this year. Perhaps most importantly, the consumers who have come to our portfolio over the past 12 months have stuck with us, and they are more loyal than we have historically seen. So we brought new consumers into our portfolio, we've retained our loyal base and our plans for 2024 are designed specifically to bring in even more new consumers and there's no better place to start than with our core brands. Let me start with the U.S. In the fourth quarter, Coors Light, Coors Banquet and Miller Lite all grew brand volume by double digits. Miller Lite left in a [indiscernible] strong into 2022 and still grew 0.5 point of industry dollar share in the fourth quarter. And Coors Light grew dollar share by nearly a full share point in the quarter. You've also heard us talk more about Coors Banquet and for good reason. Brand volume grew by nearly 20% for the full year in 2023, and it has grown industry share for 11 straight quarters. We have a lot of runway on Banquet, especially with younger legal age consumers. We gained more distribution in 2023 and grew on-premise draft lines for Banquet by nearly 50% in the fourth quarter alone. So you can expect to see us putting a lot of focus behind Banquet this year, along with Coors Light and Miller Lite. Coors Light and Miller Lite have grown significantly at retail, gaining more dollar share of displays in 2023 than any other beer brand. And that trend has continued in 2024 and with Coors Light, Coors Banquet and Miller Lite growing dollar share of displays by nearly 20% in the 4 weeks leading up to the Super Bowl. This is an incredibly important point. And the reason why it's quite simple, store shelves and coolers have a finite amount of space. So floor displays represent incremental space and high visibility. This added space also means more days of inventory at retail for our brands. And from a consumer perspective, it means our brands are placed in areas of the store where they're more likely to sell quickly. Now we can't talk about our presence at retail without mentioning spring resets. You'll recall that Coors Light and Miller Lite gained about 6% to 7% more space during the summer and fall adjustments, which is a huge increase for brand this large. We are now starting to get a clearer picture of what we can expect again as spring resets take shape. And based on the conversations we're having with top retailers, we expect to gain significantly more distribution and space for our brands in 2024 on top of the gains we made last year. In fact, one of our larger chain retailers has already confirmed at its space that is well above the four levels for our core brands this year. It's important to note, though, that this won't happen all at once. Unlike the unprecedented resets we saw last summer and fall, spring resets are phased between the spring and summer. The impact will likely show up over time, roughly between March and July of 2024. Eating up to those months and throughout our core brands in the U.S. will have large integrated campaigns running across TV, digital, retail and live events. You've already started to see this with Coors Light and the Super Bowl which got a great reaction from consumers and supported our success in the marketplace. In the 4 weeks leading up to the Super Bowl, we added an incremental 160,000 display units of Coors Light at retail. During the same time, Coors Light velocities grew by nearly 14%. So not only are we selling much more beer, it's also selling much faster. As far as what's next, Coors Light's choose Chill campaign will run throughout the year with strong media pressure and amplification from celebrity fans at Grammy award-winning country music star Lainey Wilson. And in March, we plan to launch a campaign of comparable size for Miller Lite. I can't say much about that right now, but it's some of the best work I've seen on Miller Lite in a long time, and that's a very high bar. So we are excited about it. The growth of our core brands is not limited to the U.S. In our other global markets, we continue to see strong performance and have plans to continue the momentum in 2024. In Ontario, Coors Light and Molson Canadian are now the #1 and #2 beers in the total market, and both brands grew share of the industry in Canada for the full year. Miller Lite, which sells at an above premium price point in Canada continues to grow at a rapid pace with fourth quarter volumes accelerating up nearly 60%. In Croatia, Ožujsko achieved its highest share levels in recorded history and now holds more than a 50% share of segment. In the U.K., Carling grew value share versus its competitive set in the fourth quarter, and we are very excited that Carling is now the first official beer partner of the Men's and Women's FA Cup, which will provide significant visibility and relevance for the brand in 2024. So our core brands have carried their 2023 momentum into this year and the higher end of our portfolio has a lot of runway in 2024 as well. In the fourth quarter, our EMEA and APAC business achieved a record high 52% of our net brand revenue at an above premium price point. In the U.K., Madri Excepcional continued its growth streak. In the fourth quarter, Madri was the fastest growing major beer brand in the U.K., both by volume and value sales. Madri's volumes grew by 80% for the full year, easily surpassing 1 million hectoliters. Growth like this does not come easy in the beer space, especially in less than 3 years for a new to the world brand that launched during a pandemic. We have some expansion with Madri, so it should not be a surprise that we have ambitions to scale this brand and expand its global footprint. Last month, we announced that we are launching in Canada, and product is rolling out on to shelves starting this week. We plan to grow this brand thoughtfully in markets where the opportunity and desire are clear. We are starting with Canada and select European markets this year. So that is our focus right now, and we will consider future expansion when the time is right. In terms of our flavor portfolio, Simply Spiked continues to be a growth engine for our business and the industry. This brand more than doubled its volume in the U.S. in 2023 and Simply Spiked Peach was the #1 innovation by volume and dollar sales in the grocery channel. Simply Spiked is also gaining ground in Canada, we had launched nationally less than a year ago. Already, it has nearly a 4% share of a statement in a matter of months. And along with brands like Coors Seltzer and Vizzy, it has driven Molson Coors to become the only major brewer growing share of flavor in Canada. We plan to continue our growth in flavor this year, but our approach will be focused and deliberate. We are launching Simply Spiked Lemonade in the U.S. this month. And in March, our new-to-the-world innovation happy Thursday would hit shelves and eCommerce platforms across the U.S. We've gotten great responses from retailers for both of these launches, and we plan to support them with strong marketing and sampling activations in every region of the country this spring and summer. So we are very confident we can go off our tremendous results in 2023, and we are very confident in the momentum of our brands and our plans for 2024. So you can be confident that we are going to deliver what we say we will deliver, just as we have for the past few years. We are confident because we've weathered every recent challenge imaginable challenges in our industry and challenges in the macro environment. And from that perspective, we continue to see signs of improvement. Country to conventional wisdom, U.S. beer industry volume trends improved during 2023 and particularly in the fourth quarter, which was consistent with strong improvements in consumer spending. In fact, the overall beer category gained dollar share of total alcohol beverage in 2023. Our brands led the industry volume improvement during 2023. And we are focused on our position as the leader of this industry. So we plan to grow Molson Coors top line again in 2024. Are we cautious about the year ahead? Of course. While inflation has come down, there are still plenty of reasons to be wary about the macro environment, but our strong results give us confidence in our ability to deliver in 2024. I know a number of you remain skeptical of our ability to grow this year. We were skeptical in 2022 and also in 2023, but the numbers don't lie. We delivered what we said we would. So for 2024, here's what I will say, we are committed to growth. And for the long-term, we've shared our growth algorithm, and we intend to deliver on it, just as we have delivered on what we have said we would over the past 4 years. And with that, I'll turn it over to Greg to share some details on our financials and our guidance. Greg?
Greg Tierney: Thank you, Gavin. 2023 was an incredible year for our company. Our net sales revenue grew an impressive 9.3% with strong growth from both business units. Top line performance was driven by favorable global net pricing, Americas volume growth and positive sales mix. Our above premium portfolio comprised 27% of total net brand revenue for the year, and that was with a tremendous strength in our core power brands. In fact, our above premium brand in our above premium brands grew net brand revenue by 6% for the year, behind successful innovations like Simply Spiked and continued growth in Madri Financial volume increased 1.8%, while brand volume grew 2.2%. Our supply chain team did an outstanding job in meeting the high consumer demand in the U.S., leading to financial volume growth of 3.5% and brand volume growth of 5.3% in the year. And we delivered strong margin expansion as cost savings and volume leverage significantly offset inflationary pressures and higher MG&A spend. As a result, underlying pre-tax income grew 36.9%, also driven by both business units and exceeded our expectations. Underlying free cash flow climbed to $1.4 billion, also exceeding our expectations. This enabled us to continue to strategically invest in our business, further strengthen our balance sheet, raised dividend 8% and repurchased approximately 150 million shares under our new share repurchase program that we announced in October. So as Gavin discussed, we've entered 2024 with a strong foundation. This gives us confidence for continued growth in 2024, which aligns with our long-term growth algorithm for net sales revenue and underlying pre-tax income. But before we get into our outlook, let's discuss the fourth quarter. Both business units contributed a solid top line growth of 5%. Underlying pre-tax income increased 2.1% as we continue to invest strongly behind our brands, which is particularly impactful to the bottom line in a typically lower profit quarter. Now looking closer at the top line. Favorable net pricing and sales mix drove net sales per hectoliter growth of 4.2%. Favorable sales mix was due to lower contract brewing volume related to the wind down of the PEPs [ph] agreement ahead of its termination at the end of 2024. Consolidated financial volume increased 0.8% as growth in Americas was offset by declines in EMEA and APAC. Americas shipments increased 2.2% with U.S. domestic shipments up 4.3%, driven by the strength of our core premium brands. However, as expected, lower contract brewing volume related to the PEPs agreement with a headwind of approximately 2% to America's shipment volume. And also recall that in the third quarter of 2023 due to our strong U.S. brewery performance, we shipped ahead of expectations. So we entered the fourth quarter with healthy U.S. inventory levels. This allowed us to give our employees some well-deserved time off during the holidays and to conduct routine system maintenance well positioning us to build inventory in the first quarter ahead of peak season. EMEA and APAC financial volume declined 3% on lower brand volumes. Consolidated brand volume growth was 4.3%. As expected, growth accelerated versus the third quarter and underscored the continued strong momentum of our core brands. Now looking by market, Americas brand volume increased 6.7%. That was led by the U.S. where brand volumes were up 8.5%. Coors Light, Miller Lite and Coors Banquet performed strongly, each up double digits. In Canada, brand volume increased 0.7%, benefiting from growth in our above premium portfolio. While industry softness weighed on brand volume, we continue to grow share in Canada for the quarter adding nearly 2 share points for the quarter. That was the strongest growth of any major brewer in the country. And in Latin America, while mix improved, brand volume was down 5%. This was largely due to challenging economic conditions in some of our key markets in the region. In EMEA and APAC, brand volume declined 2.2%. This was due to industry softness in the U.K. off-premise which partially offset the strength of our above premium portfolio and inflation continued to pressure Central and Eastern European performance. Now turning to costs. Underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter was up 1.4% with notable differences by market. As expected, inflation was a headwind in the quarter, partially offset by cost savings and a 30 basis point benefit from volume leverage. In the Americas, underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 0.7% as cost savings, volume leverage, lower logistics costs more than offset the impact of direct materials inflation. In EMEA and APAC, we continue to see persistent inflationary pressure with underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter up 8.8%. These increases were driven by direct material -- materials and logistics costs as well as unfavorable mix from premiumization. Underlying marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 17.4%. We invested strongly behind our brands, increasing marketing spend over $50 million in the quarter. Our focus was on retaining our existing drinkers and attracting new ones including using addressable channels or places where we can use data to more precisely target them and continuing our push behind live sports. General and administrative expenses were also higher as variable compensation expense reflected the strong operating performance for the year. Underlying free cash flow was $1.4 billion, up 66.5% for the year. This exceeded our expectations, in part due to the timing of working capital movements at the end of the year. Utilizing our strong free cash flow and given our greatly improved financial flexibility, we continue to deploy capital in ways that we believe will drive the greatest shareholder value. We continue to invest in the business, putting to work approximately $690 million in capital projects like the Golden Brewery modernization and investing in capabilities to drive efficiencies, cost savings and sustainability. And we supported our strategic growth initiatives under our string-of-pearls approach with bolt-on acquisitions like Blue Run Spirits and upping our investment in ZOA. We continue to delever our balance sheet with a cash repayment of $500 million in Canadian debt upon its maturity in July, coupled with higher cash balances, we ended the year with net debt of $5.4 billion, down over $600 million for the year. Given this and our strong underlying EBITDA, net debt to underlying EBITDA was 2.2x at year-end, aligned with our long-term goal of under 2.5x. Underscoring our enhanced financial strength, we are pleased to have earned credit rating upgrades from our ratings agencies in the fourth quarter. In October, S&P Global upgraded Molson Coors to BBB and in November, Moody's upgraded us to BAA2. We continue to return cash to shareholders. In 2023, we paid quarterly cash dividends totaling $1.64 per share and up 8% from 2022. And today, as part of our intention to sustainably increase the dividend, we announced our quarterly dividend of $0.44 per share to be paid on March 15, 2024, and this represents an increase of 7%. Now lastly, as announced in our Strategy Day on October 3, our Board authorized a new share repurchase program of up to $2 billion over the next 5 years. Under our sustained and opportunistic approach, we were active in the market during a 2-month open window in the period, repurchasing approximately 2.5 million shares for a total cost of approximately $150 million. This equates to a repurchase of over 1% of our outstanding shares in roughly 2 months. Now let's turn to our outlook. For 2024, we are issuing guidance of low single-digit net sales revenue growth on a constant currency basis, mid-single-digit underlying pre-tax income growth on a constant currency basis. Mid-single-digit underlying earnings per share growth, underlying free cash flow of $1.2 billion, plus or minus 10%, underlying depreciation and amortization of $700 million, plus or minus 5%. Net interest expense of $210 million, plus or minus 5%, an underlying effective tax rate in the range of 23% to 25% and capital expenditures incurred of $750 million plus or minus 5%. Now let me walk through some of the underlying assumptions. We expect annual net pricing to revert to historical levels. In the U.S. and Canada, that's been approximately 1% to 2%, while in Europe its typically priced closer in line with inflation. We also expect mix benefits from premiumization as we advance toward our medium-term goal of reaching approximately one-third of our total global net brand revenue from above premium portfolio. Financial volume is expected to be impacted by the PEPs contract brewing arrangement, which terminates at the end of this year. Expected to be a headwind of approximately 3% or 2 million hectoliters to America's financial volume with the wind down continuing throughout the year. Additionally, we anticipate financial volume performance to be strongest in the first quarter as we build inventories coming into peak season in the U.S. Gross profit is expected to increase driven by mix and cost savings. While inflationary pressure is expected to moderate from 2023, we expect that underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter will increase due to a combination of continued inflation, including material conversion costs, higher costs related to premiumization and lower volume leverage as compared to 2023. Also, while spot prices are currently lower than they have been over the past 2 years, recall that we have a longer term hedging program, and as a result, we expect to experience a headwind in 2024 from certain commodity hedges put in place in 2022 and 2023. We do not anticipate significant changes in total MG&A and plan to put the right commercial pressure behind our brands and key innovations. We'll do this through strong media plans at both the local and national level through live sports, including another Super Bowl commercial and through robust retail programming that drives consumer engagement. G&A is expected to face an easier comparison given the increase in incentive compensation in 2023 related to the significant outperformance versus our initial plan. Underlying earnings per share growth is the one metric that is below our long-term growth algorithm. This is largely due to a higher forecasted underlying effective tax rate. Underlying free cash flow guidance is impacted by working capital timing that benefited 2023 as well as slightly higher capital expenditures. So in summary, we are very proud of our performance in 2023. We enter 2024 with strong brands, an exciting innovation pipeline, compelling programming, strong and supportive distributor partners, more retailer shelf space and tap handles and the financial flexibility to balance growth and reinvestment. This gives us confidence in our ability to deliver our long-term growth algorithm in 2024 and in the years to come. With that, we look forward to answering your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Good morning, and thanks, Gavin and Greg. Just on the assumptions for your guide, right? So are you expecting -- it seems from the phasing that you spoke, Greg, regarding first quarter where the volumes or you're looking at volumes being stronger. Are you assuming market share continues to build from where you left off in the fourth quarter? And from a volume perspective, of course, perhaps is -- and I appreciate the color on the impact through for the year. But on an underlying basis, in the U.S, how much are you expecting volumes to behave in 2024? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. A couple of things I would say in response to your question. Firstly, we believe the changes in the U.S. beer industry are permanent. And we are off to a very fast start in Q1. The momentum that we saw in Q4 has continued into Q1. In the U.S. Molson Coors is leading all brewers in year-to-date dollar share growth by growing 1.5 points. We are ahead of conservation share growth. ADI continues to decline more than any other major brewer in the U.S., using about 4.5 points year-to-date. From an industry point of view, we would expect the U.S. industry to fall back to the sort of flat to down one level, and we would expect to gain share as we continue into this year. And as you rightly point out, there are lots of drivers and multiple levers to support our top line growth algorithm. And obviously, that includes pricing, which we've said will be in the sort of historical 1% to 2% range. It is market-by-market. We would expect to get pricing in Canada and EMEA APAC as well. It includes positive mix from our continued premiumization of our portfolio. And of course, you rightly point out the headwind of PEPs. When you put all those factors together, that gets to our guidance for this year of low single digits. Thanks, Andrea.
Operator: The next question comes from Bonnie Herzog from Goldman Sachs. Bonnie, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you. Good morning. I had a question on your underlying EPS growth guidance. First, curious why you're now introducing EPS guidance? And then hoping you could bridge your mid-single-digit pre-tax income growth guidance with just the mid-single-digit EPS growth guidance. I guess I'm wondering why there's no leverage on the bottom line. And then in the context of that, how should we think about share repurchases this year? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie. Look, we introduced the long-term growth algorithm with EPS at our Investor Day in the fourth quarter of last year. So we wanted to make sure that our guidance that we gave now for 2024 covered those three elements of our guidance that we launched at the Investor Day and EPS was obviously one of those. The reason -- and of course, that was long-term guidance that we gave at Investor Day. And as Greg said, the reason why we are slightly less from an EPS point of view than our long-term algorithm is our tax rate, which goes up a couple of percentage points given the mix of where we make our profitability and tax rates around the world. So that's the main driver. Was there anything else that I missed anything else lately?
Greg Tierney: Share repurchases.
Gavin Hattersley: Share repurchases, that's right. Look, we've got an approach, Bonnie, that for our share purchase reprogram which is both sustained and opportunistic. So we've got a sustained ongoing repurchase and we've got an opportunity to repurchase. The program is $2 billion, that sort of roughly equates to $400 million over each year over the 5-year period. And we will take our cash holdings into account our capital allocation policy and do what we think is right from a shareholder point of view as we execute that share program.
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Grom from UBS. Peter, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Bryan Adams: Yes, good morning, guys. This is actually Bryan Adams on for Peter. Thanks for taking the question. So just kind of rounding out the conversation on the top line, I wanted to take a look at the EMEA and APAC business specifically on the volumes. I know you guys mentioned weak consumption in the U.K. as well as some sustained pressure in Central and Eastern Europe as the primary driver. And obviously, that's been a trouble there over the last several quarters here. But just curious to hear your view as to where things stand in these markets versus kind of where they've been over the last 12 months? Like has there been any sequential improvement such that you'd envision a return to volume growth in the near-term? Or should we expect the premiumization to be the primary driver in '24? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bryan. Look, EMEA, APAC last year had a tremendous year. We grew top and bottom line double digits and I don't think we've done that for a while. In terms of the various markets in which we operate, Central and Eastern Europe, we've been very clear about that over the last six or so quarters that the consumer is more challenged in that market. We are seeing signs of lowering inflation and a lower impact for that consumer. And so our expectation is that, that is going to continue to improve as we head into 2024. In the U.K., you are right. We've had two slower quarters from an overall industry point of view for Q3 and Q4. Q3 was largely weather-driven. Q4 was largely off-premise driven. And -- there was a fairly substantial excise increase in the off-premise of around 10% in the U.K. And of course, that probably had somewhat of a negative effect in the fourth quarter. But the U.K. consumers remained remarkably resilient. And our expectation is that will continue. You point to our premiumization, yes. I mean, you had such a tremendous success with the launch of Madri in the U.K. Who would have thought you could launch a brand at the beginning of a pandemic in the on-premise and 3 years later, it would have the share that it has in the on and off premise and be well north of 1 million hectoliters already. And that what's even more surprising is actually the low awareness that exists through that brand. So there's a lot of runway for us to drive Madri, not only in the U.K., but we are also launching it in Bulgaria, and we are launching it in Canada as we head into this year. Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Ottenstein from Evercore. Rob, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Gavin, your team on the supply chain side and the brewery side, really did a fantastic job last year given the abrupt and unyielding change in the business dynamics and just did a great job. Under those circumstances, though, and given the extent of the change I'm assuming that you didn't or it would have been very difficult to kind of optimize the system, both in terms of the breweries and the logistics. You've had a little bit more time now I would think, to do that. So kind of looking in on 2024, have you been able to get unlocks there, make the system more efficient given the dramatic changes in the volumes. Obviously, the PBR is going to have an impact, but that's -- this is going to be a higher margin product that you're going in there, so there's a chance to reoptimize there. And then in that context, I'm a little bit surprised that the COGS per hectoliter are going to still go up given what used still be very strong volumes and declining aluminum costs. So maybe if you can kind of put that all together and give us some context. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Rob. Look, I'll start. Greg can add some color on COGS as well. But first thing, yes, I think our supply chain team has done an amazing job over the last 3 years, reacting to, obviously, every imaginable crisis, and they've got battle hardened and did a tremendous job of reacting to this permanent industry shift that took place in April. Yes, we have had opportunities to optimize. We continue to optimize the sourcing of our beers between breweries, and we continue to do that and we'll continue to do that on an ongoing basis. In terms of, obviously, PEPs coming out, you rightly point to the fact that, that will give us an opportunity to optimize even further. It reduces a lot of or it takes a lot of complexity out of our business, allows us to do longer runs of our own higher margin brands. As far as COGS is concerned, look, there's a lot of factors that go into COGS, not just operating leverage. One would obviously be as we drive towards our above premium goal, above premium products come at a higher cost to make. So those certainly negatively impact overall COGS. Greg, why don't you just give some color on COGS?
Greg Tierney: Yes. Gavin, thank you. So I think you hit on that -- a large headwind, right? As we talk about premiumization and move towards that one-third goal, that's going to be a headwind to cost of goods. It's beneficial for our business, obviously, overall, but will be a headwind to cost of goods. We do see material cost inflation, material conversion costs are going to be a headwind for us this year. And obviously, as I said in the prepared remarks, even though spot prices have come down, we still do have, with our longer-term hedging program, some hedges that are going to be headwinds for us that were layered on in 2022 and 2023. So those are the big drivers.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg. And Rob, that all just sort of wraps up into our guidance for underlying profit, which is mid single digits, in line with our long-term algorithm. Thanks, Rob.
Operator: The next question comes from Filippo Falorni from Citi. Filippo, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Filippo Falorni: Hey, good morning, everyone. So I wanted to go back to the guidance. I want to clarify, clearly, you mentioned Q1 is going to have a very strong volume performance. But Gavin, are you assuming also, particularly in the U.S. volume growth in the balance of the year, particularly -- obviously, you're going to cycle a much tougher comps in the balance of the year. And even assuming you're going to have permanent changes, that would imply further share gains. So just any color on the volume performance in the U.S. post Q1 would be helpful.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, thanks. Look, I mean, maybe just a comment around the overall industry, right? As I said, despite the headlines you might read, the overall beer category grew dollar share of total alcohol beverage in 2023. I think that's important context when you consider consumer habits, which essentially underpins your question as well. We've got a lot of levers from a top line point of view. We've got pricing. We've got a positive mix from premiumization. And notwithstanding the comps which are coming in the second quarter, it is our expectation and goal that we will continue to take market share. Thanks, Filippo
Operator: The next question comes from Nadine Sarwat from Bernstein. Nadine, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Nadine Sarwat: Yes, hi. Thank you everybody. Two questions for me. One, just on the quarter. What exactly surprised you to the upside in Q4 for constant currency underlying income before tax to come to that 2% increase versus I believe the previous guidance was for a decline. And then my second question, a little bit more long-term. You called out, I think, in your prepared remarks the belief that you have the share shifts that we've been seeing in the U.S. are permanent. Could you give us a bit more color as to your conviction on will you be maintaining all of that share into 2024? I asked this especially in light of President Trump's favorable social media post for Bud Light, which I know is probably on the mind of many people on this call. So any data points or surveys that you could point to would be very helpful. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine. Look, on your first question, not much surprised us in the fourth quarter. If I had to point to one thing, maybe the industry performed a little better in our U.S. market than we had originally expected it to. And so that drove our underlying profit to slightly exceed our guidance. I mean it wasn't a lot, right? I mean it was -- we were just under 37%, which in the greater scheme of things, it's not a lot of dollars when you compare it to our overall underlying profit. So more or less, things were as we expected. EMEA, APAC actually did a little better-than-we-expected. Canada did a little, tiny a little bit worse than the U.S. did better. But overall, there's nothing really I can point out that was a big oha [ph] for us. In terms of your other questions to what gives me confidence that we can sustain the share gains that we've got in the U.S. Look, I mean, the gains we've seen in our core brands have been consistent for over 9 months. We are growing in every region, every channel and with every major customer in the United States. And at this point, we believe that the shift in the U.S. beer industry are permanent. We're off to a fast start in Q1, as I said, momentum is continuing. We are leading all brewers in year-to-date dollar share growth. Our data shows that the majority of consumers who switched to our brands post April have stayed with us throughout 2023, and then much more loyal to [technical difficulty] brands than historically. So yes, I mean I would expect one of our competitors will almost certainly claim that anything better than minus 30% is a big win. But the reality is there's no reason to believe that these buyers are suddenly going to revert in April. We do expect strong continued growth in Q1. We expect it to continue to follow the patterns we saw last year. We saw signs of this with our momentum in Q4. For example, Coors Light volume growth in Q4 was higher than it was in Q2. So we've got multiple sales tailwinds from a sales perspective. And let me just run a couple of those for you, Nadine, given the high interest in this particular area. We expect even more space at retail starting in Q2, and then we'll start to see the benefit from spring resets. The majority of major retailers do full reset in the spring, both nationally and from a regional point of view, and we expect to be the biggest beneficiary of these [indiscernible] gains. We've already seen, as I said in my opening remarks, several of our chain retailers that put space for our core brands, well ahead of the 6% to 7% gains that we saw in summer and fall of 2023. And that's including some larger retailers. We expect to have much better strong -- and stronger display activity in the first half of this year. We are already seeing that with the Super Bowl. In the latest 4 weeks of Super Bowl retail program, Molson Coors gained more dollar and volume share of displays than any other U.S. brewer. And [indiscernible], I don't know, about a 25% lift in sales when they're on display. So last year, we were a clear winner on displays, and we expect that to be the case as we start cycling in April. And then the final point because I've gone on a little here maybe is in the on-premise. It's not letting up. We were by far the largest share gainer in the channel last year. We grew 3x more share as the next major brewer, which in this instance was Constellation. And just to put that into perspective, Coors Light and Miller Lite each grew more in dollars in the on-premise and Constellation it is a total brewer. And that's as of the latest 12-week C.J. Nielsen reads. Now let me stop there. I could go on into the marketing campaigns that we've got for [indiscernible Miller Lite but there are so many reasons to believe, Nadine, and we have strong confidence in the guidance in which we've given.
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Kirk at Roth MKM. Bill, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Bill Kirk: Thank you. I'm going to try the COGS per hectoliter guidance again, but maybe regionally. And I asked because I think Americas COGS per hectoliter was down year-over-year in 4Q. So is it fair to expect that to continue regionally and in the Americas, but just in Europe, the COGS per hectoliter is up enough year-over-year for the total company COGS per hectoliter to be up in 2024.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, look, you're right. I mean, we do have regional differences in our cost of goods sold, all driven by -- all the factors that go into cost of goods sold from cost savings programs to premiumization. Obviously, the U.S. is coming off a smaller base from a premiumization point of view than EMEA APAC is. The U.S. will be more impacted negatively by a growth in the above premium and for example, EMEA and APAC would be inflation is slightly higher in Europe at a macro level. But as Greg rightly pointed out, our hedging program is designed specifically. It's been this way for more than 10 years to eliminate the highs and lows of our input costs. So you're probably looking for more detail than we are willing to give you. There are so many things that go into COGS bill and it all ladders up into our guidance of mid-single digits for underlying pre-tax.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo. Chris, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Christopher Carey: Hi. Thanks for the question. Gavin, can you just comment on the portfolio outside of [indiscernible] and how you feel about shelf for this year? And then separately, just from a cash perspective, obviously, there's a lot of debates about growth, specifically on the top line. Can you just maybe let us know how you would be thinking about deploying the balance sheet. Should the fundamental picture become a little bit less as you expect as the year progresses. Another way, if volumes come in a little bit short, would you lean in on some of your buyback initiatives, front load those a bit more than you might have otherwise done on the multiyear plan. So any perspective on cash use would also be helpful in addition to those just how -- how the businesses are setting up for this year from a shelf perspective on with the non-Miller noncore business? Thanks so much.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. From a -- from an overall portfolio outside of the U.S., Chris, Canada, we do continue to see softness in the beer industry. But while the industry is down in, frankly, all regions, we've had strong share growth in Canada. And it's being driven by the strength of our core brands and the expansion that we've made into flavor. So since last March, Coors Light has been the #1 light beer brand in the industry, Molson brand family is growing share of industry and our flavor portfolio is looking really positive when you compare it against the rest of our competitors. We are growing the business. We are the only major brewer growing share and flavor in Canada.  So whilst a little bit more cautious about the overall macro environment in Canada, our portfolio is strong and getting stronger, frankly, as we go forward. Our LatAm business, 2023 was a tough year, right? There were large macroeconomic challenges in some of our bigger markets in which we operate. We are seeing signs of improvement from that perspective. Miller High Life is performing really well in Mexico. Brazil remains a big opportunity for us. And overall, we do see some level of improvement from a macroeconomic environment in Latin America. And then finally, I covered off on Central Eastern Europe, where we are seeing some signs of slowing down inflation and consumer benefiting from that. In the U.K., we remain cautious as we watch the impact of some of the excise tax impacts in the fourth quarter. But overall, our portfolio in the U.K. is strong. From a calling [ph] point of view, from a Coors family point of view and from a -- from Madri and some of our brands, which we talk less about, Croatia, Ožujsko reached its highest market share since we kept records. Madri is expanding outside of the U.K. So overall, from a portfolio point of view, we are feeling really good about it. Cash -- capital allocation, Greg, do you want to take that one?
Greg Tierney: Yes, Sure, Gavin. So Chris, I think Gavin answered the question a little bit earlier around buyback, right? But our capital allocation priorities have not changed, right? They remain always to invest first in our business. We've done a fantastic job on leverage. That continues to be a focus. We talked about bringing our leverage ratio down to 2.2x, down from below our or within our longer term goal of under 2.5%. And then the third capital allocation prioritization that we've spoken a lot about is returning cash to shareholders. We've raised our dividend again another 7% this year after raising it the year -- the prior year and the year before. And obviously, we've made very good progress on our share buyback, the $2 billion 5-year share buyback program that Gavin spoke about earlier. So the capital allocation priorities remain the same.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg
Operator: The next question is from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Steven, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Hey, thanks.  On the buyback, I'm sorry if I missed it, but I don't know if there was a specific level of repurchases that were envisioned in the '24 guidance. That will be helpful to know. I also just curious on the drivers of the higher interest expense relative to the run rate we saw exiting '23, just anything that you're contemplating in that in terms of refinancing or the like. And then my real question is just maybe you could talk a little bit. I didn't hear anything about Blue Moon. And I know that there are plans around that brand for [indiscernible] nonalcoholic, an updated marketing commercialization plan. Just any update on those endeavors relative to what we heard at Investor Day? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, sure, Steve. Thanks for the questions. I'll take your first one. From a share buyback point of view, look, the way we are running this program is on a sustained and an opportunistic basis. So we obviously do have forecast of what we will do for 2024 in our guidance assumptions. We are not going to get into that level of detail. I don't think legally, I'm allowed to do that. But you can assume that we've got a $2 billion share buyback program and that implies roughly $400 million in a year, and we will execute that on a sustained and opportunistic basis as we go forward. As far as Blue Moon is concerned, yes, I mean, we had a challenging year with Blue Moon in 2023. It hasn't been immune from the challenges that exist in the craft beer market as a whole. On the positive side, we are seeing some signs of improvement in the on-premise, where Blue Moon is actually growing share now based on the last 4-week Nielsen CGA data. And obviously, we are not satisfied with the brand's performance. We've got big plans to turn it around in 2024, Steve. We've got redesigned packaging that hit shelves in March. And it's going to unite the whole Blue Moon family, which was not the case before where each of the Premium brands almost felt like a different brand in of itself, and that's going to be is rectified the right word in the new packaging, which we are launching in March. We've got a new campaign, which is also going to launch in March. We've got strong media pressure with TV and digital and retail. And then to round it out from a Blue Moon point of view, we've got two innovations, which we believe are going to bring more drinkers to the brand in 2024, provide a halo effect to Blue Moon itself. And one is the repositioned Blue Moon Light, which is already the #1 light craft beer. It previously was -- went under the name Blue Moon Light Sky. And the other is Blue Moon Non-Alcoholic. It's obviously very early days for Blue Moon Non-Alcoholic, but it's already jumped to the #3 craft in a franchise by volume in the last 4 weeks, which is how long it's been in the market. So the feedback from both retailers and consumers has been overwhelmingly positive. So overall, we have high hopes for overall Blue Moon family of brands in 2024. Greg, I might have missed the part of Steve's question that was [indiscernible].
Greg Tierney: I think it was the interest expense.
Gavin Hattersley: Interest expense, yes. I can handle it.
Greg Tierney: You can handle that. Very good. So Steve, on interest expense -- our guide for 2024 is very in line with what total interest expense was in 2023. I think if you think about just where our cash positions have been this year, Certainly, we had much heavier cash positions. We earned a fair amount of interest income on those cash positions throughout 2023, right? But as we look at overall year-to-year, the expectation is very consistent from '23 to '24.
Steve Powers: Thanks Greg.
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Serotta from Morgan Stanley. Eric, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Eric Serotta: Thanks. Gavin, just hoping you could expand upon your comment earlier that you saw the overall beer category in the U.S. reverting back to kind of flat to down 1% in terms of volume standpoint. What do you think the drivers of that will be since 2023 was quite a bit below that. And were you referring to that's what's embedded in your 2024 guidance? Or is that more of a midterm expectation?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Eric. Look, I mean, I'll say again, despite the headlines, you might read, the overall beer category grew dollar share of total alcohol beverage in 2023, and that's unlike wine and full [indiscernible] spirit which declined. If you go back and look at what happened in 2023, though, in the first quarter, that was a tough quarter for the industry, and it was largely driven by really, really bad weather on the West Coast primarily. After that, the U.S. beer industry volume trends improved during 2023 as we move through the year and particularly in Q4. So our expectation, as you said, is the category is going to return to its more historical levels of flat to slightly up on a value basis. And it will probably fall slightly on a volume basis. And our expectation is that we will continue to grow share in that environment, and that's what's embedded in our guidance for 2024.
Operator: The next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala from Jefferies. Kaumil, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Eric Serotta: If I could maybe just follow-up on Eric's question on the category. I think shipments were down 11 million barrels, which puts it to 1990-something levels. And while the pricing is there, I guess, one of the debates about beer is the relative pricing that's been taken over a period of time versus spirits. And so I'm curious how you feel about the category's sort of pricing position versus the other beverage alcohol categories. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, thanks, Look, I mean, obviously, from an overall industry point of view, beer has taken higher pricing over the years than our other competitors in the alcohol space, one and actually not as much in line, but more in spirits. Our view is that pricing for this year will fall into that 1% to 2% range. I think we've been fairly consistent about our expectation from that perspective for quite some time. The U.S. beer industry did sequentially improve, as I said, in 2023, and sometimes there is a difference between timing of shipments and brand sales to retailers, which can impact that sometimes.
Operator: Next question is from Robert Moskow from TD Cowen. Robert your line is open. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. I'm sure you've been asked about cannabis many times in many different ways, but there is a potential catalyst here with the next presidential election and the possibility of broader legalization. So I was wondering how do you evaluate the risk to that, especially since younger consumers seem to shift more and more towards cannabis as a preference rather than beer? And then secondly, have you ever looked at difference in growth rates by state and whether like Colorado as an example, whether the growth of cannabis has cannibalized beer more so in those states than in the non-legal ones? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. From a cannabis point of view, I think it's fair to say that the cannabis beverage market hasn't grown anywhere like what the industry's initial expectations were. And that led to us getting out of our [technical difficulty] Not the average. I meant, the smoking cannabis.
Robert Moskow: Yes, while we operate in the beverage market, and it certainly doesn’t -- it hasn't performed as one would expect from Cannabis favorites. To original I really meant more smoking. Not beverage. I meant smoking cannabis.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Well, we operate in the beverage market, and it certainly hasn't -- it hasn't performed as one would expect for cannabis beverages to operate. As far as your question as to whether it's impacted, we have not seen in the more developed cannabis markets like Canada, much have an impact on beverage alcohol. We have done work on a state-by-state basis. I would say to you that Colorado is one of our best-performing states over the last few years, and that I think was one of the early leaders from a cannabis point of view. So I think overarching, we have not seen cannabis negatively impact our alcohol beverage consumption in any meaningful way.
Operator: Final question today comes from Brett Cooper from Consumer Edge Research. Brett, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Brett Cooper: Thank you. In the U.S., I think third-party data has shown weakness in industry about draft volume. So understanding that you were able to capitalize on the disruption in '23 and into '24 to benefit your performance. But then long-term, how do you address industry graph weakness in the U.S.? And are there learnings that you can pull from the U.K. to the U.S.? And I guess just from your perspective, how important is it for job [ph] to get back to at least industry performance or better for the health of the industry? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, thanks, Brett. Look, I think the biggest driver of negative draft performance is actually craft and the number of craft brands, which might be being discontinued in the on-premise. We are back to very close to pre-covid levels from an on-premise point of view in most of our major markets, some slightly ahead, some slightly behind, but we are kind of back to where we were. And as I said, we are by far the biggest share gainer in the channel last year, we grew 3x faster than in the next major brewer -- it's not just Premium Lights of the growing share. It's brands like Blue Moon and Coors Banquet and Miller High Life for growing share as well. So our portfolio is strong and healthy in the on-premise. And I think some of the weakness you're seeing is coming from the proliferation of craft brands. Thanks, Brett.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Brett. This concludes today's Q&A session. So I hand the call back to Traci for any closing remarks.
Gavin Hattersley:
Traci Mangini: Thanks, Adam. If you have any additional questions, please follow-up with the Investor Relations team. And we look forward to seeing many of you at CAGNY next week as well as taking your calls as the year progresses. With that, thanks, everyone, for participating on today's call.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you very much for your attendance. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer.  And with that, I'll hand it over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A, Commercial Finance and Investor Relations. 
Greg Tierney: All right. Thank you, Brita, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks today from Gavin and Tracey, we will take your questions. In an effort to address as many questions as possible, we ask you to -- we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have technical questions on the quarter, please pick them up with our IR team in the days and weeks that follow.  Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period in U.S. dollars and in constant currency when discussing percentage changes from the prior year period. Also, U.S. share data references are sourced from Circana.  Further, in our remarks today, we will reference underlying pretax income, which equates to underlying income before income taxes on the condensed consolidated statement of operations.  And with that, I'll hand it over to Tracey. 
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Greg, and hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We will be doing things a little bit differently this quarter. I will open and address our results, our guidance and importantly, our fourth quarter expectations at the start of the call, and then Gavin will close.  In the third quarter, we delivered another set of strong results. Our net sales revenue grew an impressive 11%, driven by double-digit growth in both our business units. Our continued focus on efficiencies and cost savings, combined with volume leverage, significantly offset inflationary pressures resulting in meaningful margin expansion. This led to 43.5% growth in underlying pretax income with both business units up strongly. And with free cash flow nearly doubling for the first 9 months of the year, we continue to prudently execute our capital deployment plan, investing in our business, reducing net debt and returning cash to shareholders. This performance underscores the strong momentum in our business, which is a function of the foundation we have built to sustainably grow both the top and bottom line. And this is exactly what we have done both in 2022 and year-to-date in 2023, all while navigating a challenging and dynamic global macroeconomic environment.  And while these macro conditions remain, the fundamental strength of our business, coupled with the actions we are taking to sustain the momentum we have achieved, gives us confidence for another year of growth in 2023 and beyond. For 2023, we are reaffirming our high single-digit top line growth guidance, but narrowing our expectations to the high end of that range. And we are raising our underlying pretax growth guidance to 32% to 36% as compared to 23% to 26% previously. We are also reducing our interest expense guidance to $210 million, plus or minus 5% as compared to $225 million, plus or minus 5% previously. All other previous guidance metrics as detailed in today's earnings release remains unchanged. There are a few key reasons for these guidance changes. First, the U.S. beer category has been healthier than we had projected when we revised guidance on August 1. In other words, its rate of decline is better than we had expected and better than it was earlier this year.  Second, our brand volume growth is stronger than we had expected. In fact, we anticipate our global brand volume growth to accelerate in the fourth quarter. Third, pricing across our global markets and in particular, in Canada, has been better than we had planned. And fourth, due to higher-than-expected cash balances, we now anticipate lower net interest expense.  Okay. With that in mind, let's discuss the fourth quarter. Our updated full year 2023 guidance implies mid-single-digit top line growth and at the midpoint, a high single-digit decline in underlying pretax income for the quarter. Now the fourth quarter growth rates do not imply a reversal in the trend for our brands in the U.S. In fact, our October brand volume performance is currently up pacing our trends in the third quarter, and we expect continued share growth roughly in line with what we saw in the third quarter. In short, we are not seeing anything that suggests that our market share gains are slowing.  So let's talk about some of the key factors driving fourth quarter performance. First, we will experience a reduced level of pricing benefit in the U.S. and EMEA and APAC. For example, we are lapping an approximate 5% general increase in the U.S. this fall. As anticipated and is supported by the strength of our brands, we took pricing in many of our U.S. markets in the 1% to 2% historical average range. Second, we expect our U.S. brand volume to outpace financial volume growth in the fourth quarter, and this is due to a couple of reasons. We ended the third quarter with healthy U.S. inventory levels. This was due to our strong brewery performance, which enabled us to ship ahead of expectations in the quarter. And this put us in a great position in the fourth quarter, providing the opportunity to give our employees some much deserved time off around the holidays. And it also allows us to execute planned downtime in the U.S. network for system maintenance. Overall, we expect to be well positioned to build inventory in the fourth quarter ahead of peak season.  Also recall, we have a large U.S. contract brewing agreement winding down ahead of its termination at the end of 2024. We continue to expect volume declines under this contract to accelerate in the fourth quarter, resulting in a quarterly headwind of approximately 2% to 3% in Americas financial volume. Third, underlying COGS per hectoliter is expected to be a headwind in the fourth quarter. This was due to continued high inflation in EMEA and APAC and lower volume leverage than in the previous 2 quarters. And fourth, we expect total MG&A to be up approximately $90 million, which is driven by both marketing and G&A. For marketing, this includes approximately $50 million higher spend in the fourth quarter. And this increase is particularly impactful in a lower profit quarter like the fourth quarter. G&A is expected to be up primarily due to higher incentive compensation given our strong performance this year.  Okay. So now let's talk about our third quarter performance. We delivered another quarter of strong results with net sales revenue growth supported by both rate and volume. Net sales per hectoliter grew 7.6%. This was driven by positive global net pricing, given the rollover benefits from the higher than typical increases taken in the fall of 2022 as well as favorable sales mix led by geographic mix. This geographic mix was due to particularly strong performance in the U.S. In fact, consolidated financial volume increased 3.2%, while U.S. shipments were up 7.2%. This is a result of our strong U.S. brewery performance, which enabled us to ship ahead of our expectations, but also it was due to the continued strong momentum behind our premium brands.  Consolidated brand volume increased 1.1% with results varying by market. Americas brand volume was up 3.6%. Growth was led by the U.S., where brand volume was up 4.5%. In fact, Coors Light and Coors Banquet were each up double-digits and Miller Lite was up high single digits. But there were some notable timing impacts that mark the underlying strength in the U.S. brand volume growth. First, there was one less trading day in the quarter. On a trading day adjusted basis, U.S. brand volume growth was 6.1%. In addition, we were cycling significant loading ahead of the 2022 for price increases. And there was some shifting of calendar and holiday timing as compared to the prior year, which had an impact. Canada brand volume increased 0.2%, benefiting from growth in its above premium portfolio. While industry softness weighed on brand volume, we continue to grow share in Canada for the quarter, adding over 3 share points for the 3-month period ending August.  In Latin America, while mix improved, brand volume was down 2.5%. This was largely due to industry softness and economic conditions in some of our key markets in the region. And in EMEA and APAC, brand volume declined 5.2%. The consumers in Central and Eastern Europe continued to be affected by inflationary pressures and UK demand was impacted by rainy weather. That said, our above premium portfolio continued to benefit from strong growth from Madri, which grew brand volume over 50% in the quarter. This strong top line performance translated to even stronger bottom line results, and this was across both business units, with underlying pretax income up 32.2% in Americas and up 58.1% in EMEA and APAC. We achieved this by prudently managing costs while continuing to invest strongly behind our brands.  So let's talk about some of these drivers. Underlying COGS per hectoliter were up 2.6%. As expected, inflationary pressures continue to be a headwind, but moderated from the first half of the year. But the story differs by market. In the Americas, underlying COGS per hectoliter decreased 1% as cost savings, volume leverage and lower logistics costs more than offset the impact of direct material inflation. While in EMEA and APAC, inflationary pressures remained significant, driving underlying cost per hectoliter up 15.8%. To break down the drivers a bit more, as you may recall, we break up COGS into 3 areas. First is cost inflation/other, which includes cost inflation, depreciation, cost savings and other items; second is mix; and third is volume leverage or deleverage.  The cost inflation drove over 85% of the increase and was mostly due to higher materials and manufacturing costs partially offset by cost savings. The impact of volume leverage had an 80 basis point benefit in the COGS per hectoliter in the quarter. Other COGS per hectoliter drivers included mix, which accounted for the remainder of the increase and was largely due to geographic mix.  Underlying marketing, general and administration expenses increased 11.6%. About half of the planned incremental $100 million in marketing spend in the second half of 2023 was in the third quarter, and it largely went to supporting the momentum of our core brands. Our investments focused on retaining our existing printers and attracting new ones, including using addressable channels or places where we can use data to more precisely target them. And further, we continue to strongly invest behind live sports. Based on our brand health and share performance, we believe that this investment is working. Also, general and administration expenses were higher. This was primarily due to incentive compensation expenses, which is a variable expense tied to our operating performance. And as you have seen, it's been a very strong year.  Turning to capital allocation. Our priorities remain to invest in our business to drive sustainable top and bottom line growth, reduced net debt as we remain committed maintaining and, in time, improving our investment-grade rating and return cash to shareholders. With our greatly improved financial flexibility, we now have increased optionality among these products, and we will utilize our models to determine the best anticipated return for our shareholders.  Looking at these priorities. First, we continue to invest in the business with paid capital expenditures of $494 million for the first 9 months of the year. This was down slightly due to the timing of capital projects. Capital expenditures continue to focus on our gold and brewery modernization and expanding our capabilities to drive efficiencies, cost savings and sustainability initiatives. And second, we made further progress in reducing our net debt. We ended the quarter with net debt of $5.4 billion, a decline of $584 million since December 31, 2022. This was supported by our July cash repayment of our $500 million Canadian debt upon its maturity on July 15. As a reminder, our outstanding debt is essentially all at fixed rates. Our exposure to floating rate debt is limited to our commercial paper and revolving credit facilities, both of which had zero balance outstanding at quarter end.  Given our strong EBITDA performance and lower net debt, our net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio declined to 2.2x. This is in alignment with our long-term goal of under 2.5x. And I would like to add that in October, S&P Global upgraded its risk rating for Molson Coors to BBB from BBB-.  And that brings me to our third priority, returning cash to shareholders. We paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.41 per share and maintain our intention to sustainably increase the dividend. And as announced at our Strategy Day on October 3, our Board authorized a new share repurchase program of up to $2 billion over the next 5 years. It replaces and supersedes the repurchase program previously approved by the Board in the first quarter of 2022. The new program is intended as a mixture of sustained and opportunistic purchases as part of our balanced and cohesive approach to prioritizing capital allocation intended to improve shareholder value creation. In summary, we are extremely pleased with our third quarter performance and confident in our ability to sustainably deliver top and bottom line growth in the years to come.  And with that, I'll turn it over to you, Gavin. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Tracey. In the third quarter, we continued the growth trajectory that we've been on for nearly two full years. In the quarter, each of our top 3 global markets are growing net sales revenue, volume, share or all 3. In the U.S., our shipments were up over 1 million hectoliters compared to the third quarter of 2022, and we were the top volume share gainer in the industry. Coors Light and Miller Lite are on track to collectively deliver net sales revenue growth for the third straight year, something that had not done since Miller and Coors came together in 2008. Coors Banquet volumes were up nearly 30%. Coors Light volumes were up double digits and Miller Lite volumes were up high single digits. We were the top dollar share gainer in the U.S. economy segment. In fact, our two biggest economy brands grew dollar and volume share of industry in the quarter. We have gained the second most U.S. share of flavored alcohol beverages of all major brewers.  We grew share nationally in Canada in every region of the country and in every segment of our industry. Coors Light widened its position as the #1 light beer in the country, a position it has held since March. And the Molson brands grew share. Miller Lite grew volumes by 50%, and we grew more share in flavor alcohol beverages than any other company in the industry. We were the best-performing brewer in the UK in both value and volume share. Adding some very exciting news from the UK market, we are now the #2 brewer in London after ranking a distant #5 player only a few years ago. The transformation of our portfolio in the London market is a real testament to our team's commitment to a clear strategy that drives focus across all channels and customers. Additionally, Madri is now the second largest above premium lager in the on-premise and third largest world beer in the total trade across the UK.  And in Central and Eastern Europe, Ožujsko, our core power brand in Croatia is growing value share of the beer category year-to-date, and it has over 50% value share of the core segment. Now of course, our business has benefited greatly from the broader dynamics of the U.S. beer industry over the past 7 months. But as you can see, the improvement in our business is being driven by more than one market. Improvement in our business is being driven by more than a couple of brands. The improvement in our business is being driven by more than one segment of the category and the improvement in our business predates April 1. Year-to-date, each of the top 3 biggest global markets are growing net sales revenue, volume and volume share.  And as this slide plainly shows the trajectory of our business has been on the upswing. And in regard to our future, we believe we can lap these results in 2024. We delivered top and bottom line growth in 2022. We're on track to do so again this year. And we plan to do so next year, too. That's the plan we outlined at our Strategy Day last month. We've already gained thousands of tap handles across the U.S. since the beginning of the second quarter. We are already gaining significant amounts of shelf space this fall as retailers work to adjust their space to meet consumer trends. Now I have seen some, let's say, interesting commentary around shelf space. So I want to be extra clear here.  The vast majority of chain retail accounts typically update their shelf space once a year due to the complexity of lining all their stores. And they typically do so in the spring. Over 50 retailers have made space changes in late summer or fall due to the massive shift in consumer purchase behavior we have seen since April 1. This is not common. In fact, in the last 5-plus years, we haven't had any adjustments in the summer or a change to the premium segment in the fall. Among the chains that moved their resets up to the fall, Molson Coors was the biggest beneficiary with Miller Lite and Coors Light gaining 6% to 7% more shelf space. For brands of this size, that is a massive amount of space. In fact, it's tens of thousands of cubit-feet of space.  Regardless of how some folks might characterize the current environment, those are effects. The conversations for spring resets are well underway. And while we can't exactly predict the future, it's safe to say that we expect to gain more shelf space for our big brands in those resets as well. These retailers are smart businesspeople. And when consumer trends shift to the degree they are shifting, chain retailers have two options: chain shelf space allocations to meet the trends or leave money on the table. And they're not going to leave money on the table. It's as simple as that. We'll have more to say about 2024 on our fourth quarter call in February. But between the work we have done to improve our business trajectory and the current dynamics in our industry, we feel confident in this year, confident in our ability to grow next year and confident in our ability to grow in the years ahead.  And with that, we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We now have Lauren Lieberman from Barclays. 
Lauren Lieberman : Great I was just curious if you could talk a little bit about going back to the beginning of the call, Tracey's comments and in the release on the beer category in the U.S. being stronger than what you had previously expected. So any color you can add on that would be great. Kind of what do you think some of those key drivers are? Is it around key consumer cohorts? Just color on the beer industry backdrop would be great. 
GavinHattersley : Thanks, Lauren. Look, I mean, in Q1, the industry was down 2.7 and Q2 was down 2.5. And in Q3, it was down 1.3, that's in the U.S., obviously as per Circana. So an improvement and as Tracey said, that wasn't the level of improvement that we were expecting to see. And obviously, hard seltzers are still a big part of that decline. Certainly while some buyers are switching categories, and certainly, our data says that some drinkers have left within the category, we're gaining share, Miller Lite, Coors Light are healthy and growing share strongly. And that share has been stable for the last 25 weeks. It's a structural change to the industry. That is sticking, whether you look at it on a 1-week basis, a 4-week basis, a 13-week basis or a 26-week basis, it has stuck. 
Operator: We now have Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane : So Tracey, I guess I had just a question -- two questions around cash flow. One is I know we took the pretax profit or the -- I'm sorry, the profit after tax guide up, but you left the free cash flow range. So I guess it's just why not, I guess, a higher conversion on free cash flow and then -- or on cash flow? And then second to that, just again, you've got some cash hanging around and the stocks performed the way it has. So just any thought -- any way we should be thinking about whether or not you put some of that cash to work to buy back shares? 
Tracey Joubert : Yes. Thanks, Bryan. So look, the free cash flow range that we gave was already quite wide. So we're comfortable just leaving it where it is. In terms of capital allocation, look, our priorities haven't changed. It's those 3 buckets that we speak about. It is investing in our business to drive the sustainable long-term top and bottom line growth. And that could be investment in our breweries or from an M&A point of view, the sort of spring uphill’s approach. We will continue to reduce net debt with a desire to improve our investment-grade rating. And as I remarked, we did get an upgrade from S&P and then returning cash to shareholders. So we did announce the $2 billion -- up to $2 billion share repurchase plan over the next 5 years. And we'll consider all of those things. I think the good thing is that with our strong free cash flow delivery, we do have optionality as to how we can balance the allocation of capital behind these priorities. But as always, we'll run all of the ideas through our models and make sure that we're investing where we are driving the higher return for our shareholders. 
Operator: We now have Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan. 
Andrea Teixeira : I was just going to talk about a little bit of the share of voice. And I think you in the Analyst Day, you obviously discussed that against the incremental spend this year. Is there any KPIs you can talk about as you're tracking the development of the incremental spend? And if there is anything -- I know most of that $90 million, I believe, incremental spend for -- I'm not mistaken in the quarter, it's mostly compensation. But wondering if it's going to reaccelerate even further in the fourth quarter, so it sets you up for 2024? And on that, I was just trying to get -- Gavin, you mentioned that your market share continues to be solid. I think one of your main competitors talking about light recovering a bit. I know, obviously, from a variable base, anything you would be expecting to see and I understand, obviously, you may not count on that being -- that share gain being structurally 100%, but most of it could be. So I was wondering if you can comment a little bit more on the market share performance that is baked in your outlook next year. 
Gavin Hattersley : Thanks, Andrea. Look, from a marketing point of view, we're focused on the quality and effectiveness of our marketing spend versus the sort of level of spend that drive the best returns. And we certainly try and make sure that every single dollar counts. We've got great tools that we've had for a number of years, which evolve and they're designed to make sure that we get the required marketing effectiveness. We know which creative assets are working hardest and which channels are working hardest for that. So we're going to continue to put the right commercial pressure behind our brands to support the momentum. I just want to maybe correct on one thing, right? So the extra $90 million in the fourth quarter, there's about $50 million of that is the marketing. And that's part of the $100 million we said we're going to spend on extra marketing in the second half of the year. So we spent half of that in the third quarter behind really big bid drinking occasions like football, which we'll do again in the fourth quarter. And then obviously, a large component of what's left is, as Tracey said, the employee-related costs.  Look, as far as share gains are concerned, our share position has been stable for the last 25 weeks. It's a structural share change to the industry that we believe is going to stick. And yes, I know there's been a lot of noise about trends changing and whether these results are sticking. So let me just share the facts and these aren't our facts, these are Circana and the fact is total share for Coors Light and Miller Lite has stuck over the past 7 months through the latest 4 weeks of track channel data on a dollar change basis, Coors Light and Miller Lite both continue to put up double-digit growth. And at the same time, Bud Light has lost just under 3 share points. The overall portfolio for our biggest competitors lost under $5 share points. And that's consistent if you look at the 4-week data, the 13-week data and the 26-week data.  In fact, bud light's actually getting worse. The brand's dollar share loss over the last 4 weeks was more than any 4-week period this year. And as I said, these aren't -- I mean this isn't a pole or a possibility, right? This is the fact as laid out in Circana, and we believe that the strength is going to continue into 2024, and we're very confident in the position of our core brands in both the U.S. and obviously, in Canada. We've got a very clear plan on keep these share gains. We presented it to our distributors at our 4 national distributor convention. We showed our plans. And honestly, the energy around our plans is something I have not seen, not only for Miller Lite and Coors Light, but for everything. We had a 95% positive score from our distributors. That has never happened. And we laid out a clear acceleration plan at our Strategy Day on how we're going to retain the share gains. So yes, we believe we can retain the share that has proven to be extremely sticky on every measure that we look at. 
Operator: We now have Peter Grom of UBS. 
Peter Grom : So I was hoping to get some thoughts on just kind of the underlying COGS per hectoliter, which was kind of the lowest year-on-year increase in quite some time. Maybe just first, can you just help us understand what's embedded in the guidance for the fourth quarter? I think you mentioned an increase in underlying COGS due to high inflation in EMEA and APAC. Is that just an increase year-on-year? Or is that an increase sequentially versus what we just saw in 3Q? And I know we're going to get more details on '24 in February. But maybe you can just give us some insight in terms of how you're thinking about some of the key cost buckets based on what we can see today. 
Tracey Joubert : I'll take that. So yes, look, we did say that we expect inflation to continue to be a headwind for us in the back half of the year, but to moderate. Now as it relates to Q4, we do expect our COGS per hectoliter to be a headwind. And this is because of the continued inflationary pressure in EMEA and APAC region, where we've seen continued inflation in the double-digit range. But the other drivers of our Q4 COGS per hectoliter would be a lower volume leverage in Q4 lower than Q3 and Q2. For those reasons that we spoke about coming out of Q3 and into Q4 and then also expecting our brand volume to outpace the financial volume growth. And also, we've got higher planned maintenance costs in the fourth quarter. So those would be the big drivers of COGS per hectoliter in Q4. 
Operator: We now have Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog : I guess I wanted to ask a little bit about your MG&A expense. Could you maybe talk a little bit more about the areas where you're going to be investing incremental marketing dollars as you kind of talk through the end of the year. And then should we think about you continuing to invest at a higher rate we think about next year to support your brands and the growth that kind of Gavin, you mentioned in the stickiness. Just trying to think about or trying to hear how you're thinking about this. 
Gavin Hattersley : Thanks, Bonnie. Yes. Look, without giving a complete look under the tent for competitive reasons, obviously, we're going to continue to drive strong pressure in the market with our very effective campaigns have made to chill with Coors Light and taste like Miller Lite. We've got significant increase is planned and already executed in the third quarter and also in the back half of this year, especially behind the high beer consumption moments like football is. We're also going to leverage our targeted media and digital tactics to retain the new drinkers, which we've got into our brands, primarily Coors Light, Miller Lite and Coors Banquet. We've also got some innovation that's coming in the fourth quarter. Blue Moon non-alc is launching in December, so that we're ahead of the dry January timeframe. And we're going to invest to make sure that we get more space in store.  So whether that's continued to capitalize on the share that we've gained of displays, we've gained more than any other major brewer. We're going to invest in appropriate areas to make sure that our retailers understand that the incremental shelf space and the tap handles that we're getting, that we're going to support that with strong marketing. And then we're going to invest in our EMEA, APAC business, particularly behind brands like Madri, Carling and Ožujsko. So those would be the general directions and themes, Bonnie. 
Operator: We now have Filippo Falorni of Citi. 
Filippo Falorni : I had a question on your U.S. brand volumes even on an adjusted basis, the 6.1 that you quoted, it still looks below what we're seeing in track channel data. So maybe can you comment on the performance in on track, on-premise and other smaller of premise retailers? And then thinking about Q4, you mentioned you expect brand volume to accelerate by your planning to ship below brand volume. It didn't seem like the over-shipment in Q3 was that large? So maybe you can comment on where inventories are in the distributor channel that will be helpful as well. And whether we should think if you don't ship over in Q4, should we see a catch-up in Q1 of next year? 
Gavin Hattersley : Thanks, Filippo. Tracey, do you want to take the shipment question, and I'll take the sort of Circana or Molson number, difference between ours and what you're seeing in track channels. I would say there's probably three big differences between the number we disclosed and the track channels you highlighted one of them, which is the trading adjustment. But then the other one is obviously the significant load-in that took place at the end of the third quarter last year, which obviously we didn't have this year because we had a large price increase last year. And from a track channels point of view, that measures consumer behavior, whether our brand sales represent sales that our distributors put into the retail stores. So the retailers would be buying ahead of the price increase that doesn't necessarily mean that the consumer is buying ahead of the price increase. And those would be the two biggest differences between those two numbers, Filippo.  From a shipments point of view, Tracey, do you want to take that? 
Tracey Joubert : Yes. So look, we've spoken about our expectations for our brand volume to exceed our financial volume and really that's because of the healthy inventory levels that we ended Q3 on -- which enabled us to ship ahead of our expectations. So just in terms of our inventory levels, like coming out of Q3 and even today, we are at higher inventory levels than we saw in the prior year. So again, we feel very comfortable with the inventory levels going into Q4, coming out of Q4 and being able to have inventory levels healthy to -- as we go into peak selling next year. 
Operator: We now have Vivien Azer of TD Cowen. 
Vivien Azer : The earnings season thus far, we've heard some cautionary from some of your peers around negative mix shift, shifting to smaller sizes, some weakness in the lower income consumer more broadly. Student debt repayments obviously came October 1. I know you guys probably hesitant to comment on intra-quarter trends. But I was just wondering, Gavin or Tracey, some perspective on whether you're seeing similar dynamics where there might be more refined in terms of spending, more choiceful spending? 
Gavin Hattersley : Yes. Thanks, Vivien. You broke up a little bit there, but I think I got the gist of your question. From an overall consumer health point of view, we do remain cautious given the macroeconomic environment that is out there. We're particularly cautious in Central and Eastern Europe, which has been pretty consistent with our view for a while, right? I mean the tough economy, the high inflation has impacted our Central Eastern Europe business much more than our UK business, which is honestly more weather-related. We do, though, expect conditions to improve as inflation falls in Europe, and we are starting to see inflation falling there. In Canada, we are seeing softness. It's a tough economic environment out there. We're particularly pleased with our own performance in Canada, where we've really grown strongly. And actually, our share growth in Canada is higher than it is in the United States.  In March, Coors Light took over as the #1 light beer and has maintained that position and even Molson's growing share of industry volume and NSR. In the U.S., we're still seeing premiumization with growth in RTDs and spirits albeit at a slower rate because of the falloff in sales consumers, to your point, are seeking more value through purchasing decisions, which they're making, either into the larger pack sizes like 30 packs or into the smaller pack sizes singles and 6 packs. The on-premise is running pretty at pace with the off-premise business. And we haven't seen any material trade down into our economy brands. if it happens, we're ready. I mean, Miller High Life and Keystone in particular, are well positioned and are showing very nice improvement given where they were. So if it comes, we believe that the portfolio that we've got is ready for it. 
Operator: We now have Rob Ottenstein of Evercore. 
Robert Ottenstein : Great. Just a few follow-ups on some of the points that have been mentioned. So Gavin, strong results. You're obviously super confident in the business and the momentum disconnect, right, in terms of what the stock is doing, I think you're trading at about a 10% free cash flow valuation. So given that, and I know your general points on capital allocation. I guess the question is, is there any impediments or any issues in terms of buying back stock now as in -- between now and the end of the year. So is there anything to stop you from doing that? So that's question number one. Question number 2 is just -- you had mentioned that the business was better in October than in Q3. Is that global? Is that U.S., Canada and Europe? Or is it just a particular region? 
Gavin Hattersley : Thanks, Rob. To your second question, I'll take that first. It is global. It's across the spectrum, not just the U.S. To your earlier question around why I believe and why we're confident that we're going to continue to deliver. I'm not going to rehash the points I made earlier about our share position have been stable for the last 25 weeks and the gains we've made being very sticky. But I would say to you that over the last 4 years, Robert, we made a lot -- we made a number of statements when we launched our revitalization plan. We said we would streamline our company and deliver $600 million savings, and we did that. We said we would grow the top and bottom line of our business. And by the end of this year, we will have done it 2 years in a row. We said we would strengthen our core brands, and we've done exactly that. we said we will become more than just a beer company, and we have become more than a beer company, we also said we would grow more of our portfolio in above premium, and we've done exactly that, not just in beyond beer but also in beer with a brand like Madri. 
Robert Ottenstein : Sorry, Gavin, I don't mean to interrupt you. I mean I know time's short. I wasn't challenging that. I was just saying, in the light of that, right, in the light of your progress, given where the stock is coming down here in the light of everything you're saying, which I'm not challenging. Is there any impediment? Is there anything to stop you from buying back stock between now and the end of the year? And again, sorry for interrupting. 
Gavin Hattersley : I'm glad you agree with all my points, Robert, I had a few more I was going to make too. 
Robert Ottenstein : I am not sure that, there's no miscommunication. 
Gavin Hattersley : If we -- as Tracey said, if we look at our capital allocation priorities, we're where we need to be. We have an approved buyback program. And Robert, as we are required to do, we will disclose any and all shares that we may buy in a quarter when we when we release our Q, I think, in February of next year. 
Operator: We now have the next question from the line of Nadine Sarwat of Bernstein. 
Nadine Sarwat : Two questions from me. So first, with earnings clearly coming ahead of expectations today. You guys have taken a full year guidance. So that's clearly not just a timing issue. But could you perhaps give us a sense of how much of that stronger earnings are driven by temporary versus permanent factors, perhaps particularly thinking to any temporary benefit from positive operating leverage on the fixed cost base, given shipments exceeded depletions? And then secondly, circling back to the point of market share gains, sustainability, I fully appreciate your comments on the latest scanner data and when the facts are there. I believe ABI, though quoted some survey data indicating a willingness of some lost Bud Light drinkers to return to the brand? I'd be curious to hear if you have any survey data or additional consumer insights that you could share that adds to your conviction that those market share gains will continue to be sticky. 
Gavin Hattersley : Thanks, Nadine. Do you want to talk about operating leverage, Tracey, and I'll talk about the market share gains and the stickiness. 
Tracey Joubert : Yes. So Nadine, in the prepared remarks, we spoke about the volume leverage, benefiting us by about 80 basis points on the COGS per hectoliter increase. So yes, that's for Q3, just in terms of operating leverage, our fixed cost comprises approximately 20% of our enterprise underlying COGS Obviously, volume leverage helps us with those fixed costs over more of the volume. And so as we saw in Q3, it does have a fairly significant impact -- and also, that does depend on -- the year-over-year does depend on the markets. In some of our markets, the fixed cost may be slightly higher. So the 20% that I've given you is really on an enterprise basis. 
Gavin Hattersley : Thanks, Tracey. Look I don't -- I can't really comment on Anheuser-Busch's polling data, Nadine. But what I can say to you is that sales of what matter, right? And the sales are continuing as they have done since early April. As I said, the share gains are unchanged in 4 weeks, in 13-week and in 26 week. And in fact, in the latest 4-week read the big brand is actually getting worse. So that's the best indication of what's actually happening is -- the share has come to us and it is sticking and has done now for 7 months. And we've got a bunch of plans in place, which we showed our distributors, and we revealed a little bit of it at our Strategy Day, which highlights our intention to retain that share gain. 
Operator: We now have Eric Serotta of Morgan Stanley. 
Eric Serotta : So coming back to U.S. brand volume. You called out the double-digits for Coors Light Banquet and the high single-digit for Miller Lite. Your overall depletions were up in mid-single digits, which implies the rest of the portfolio was a lot lower. I realize a lot of those segments are not growing but bringing life to [indiscernible] now. But can you give some color as to how your -- I'd say your performance in the rest of the portfolio, either by segment or call out a couple of brands and how that is tracking versus...?
Gavin Hattersley : Yes, Eric, that was tough to catch the total drift of your question. Let me try. Obviously, there is the trading day adjustment we talked about, there is the timing of holidays, and there is the timing of the price increases that come into that. We obviously do have some total brands, which impact us. We are seeing some of the same trends as everybody else is seeing from a seltzer point of view, in particular. And that's why we've taken a much more broader approach to flavor. The total flavor segment seltzers, FABs and RTDs was about 5% of the category. That number has tripled to about 13% now. It's a $9 billion business. But there's no question that seltzer within the flavor category is declining fairly meaningfully. You've seen that with our brands, and you've seen that with our competitors' brand. The data that we've looked at from a hard seltzer point of view, shows that it provided an entry point into flavor for consumers. And once they discovered flavor, they started to experiment and trade into FABs and RTDs and so on. And that's why we built a diversified portfolio of brands. And from a performance point of view, we're very pleased with the performance in the flavor space.  We're got #2 share gainer for major brewers in FABs. We've got the #3 and the #5 hard seltzer in the category or admittedly a declining category. We've got the top innovation in flavor in 2021, 2022, in the summer of 2023. We've got Simply Spiked within that space, which is on fire. It's got nearly 5% of the FAB segment. And we're bringing new bold and better brands to the space with the Peace Hard Tea and the launch of Happy Thursday.  From a premiumization point of view, Peroni doing well. Blue Moon is operating in a challenged segment, as you've seen from a craft point of view, it's still the #1 brand in the craft segment. But we've experienced softness with Blue Moon largely due to those the craft category challenges. We've got a really clear plan in place of how we're going to change that. We're already starting to see positive display trends. And we've got a big year plan for Blue Moon in 2024, which we unveiled for our distributors in September in which they like to like, and that includes new innovation, which is coming, as I said, in December. And then finally, in economy, yes, it's a challenged segment, but we're the top dollar share gainer in the economy space that we -- we're pleased with the performance of our two big brands there, Miller High Life and Keystone. So that's a walk around the park for you, Eric. 
Operator: We have our final question from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities. 
Christopher Carey : One on the EMEA, APAC segment and then just a high-level question. The price mix tailwinds that we're seeing right now, how much of that is our premiumization within the business versus on-premise versus just straight less pricing? I'm trying to determine how much of this tailwind that we're seeing right now is perhaps sustainable structural versus maybe just a cyclical recovery of the business. And then I was wondering if you could just comment on competitive activity as we get closer to spring and spring resets. Are you seeing any notable shift in the market? 
Gavin Hattersley : Sorry, what was the second question, Chris? 
Tracey Joubert : Competitive activity on spring resets. 
Christopher Carey : Competitive activity, are you -- sorry, yes, I should have been more clear. Competitive activity for the total business, specifically in the U.S. as we get closer to spring resets as competitors are jostling for space. So are you starting to see any changes? Obviously, you're stepping up marketing spending in Q4 I don't know if that's why, but just a broader comment on whether you're seeing any developments from a competitive activity, specifically in the U.S.? And then the other question was on the pricing in EMEA and APAC and how much of this is sort of durable because of premiumization and or how much is perhaps just list pricing that all that will normalize and some cyclical recovery of your channel mix. 
Gavin Hattersley : Chris, look, it's a bit of everything there, right? So I mean, obviously, we did get strong pricing in our EMEA, APAC business. Obviously, it varies by country and is driven largely by whatever the inflation environment is in those countries. But from a mix point of view, we're getting strong benefits from particularly the continued very strong growth in Madri, which is an above premium brand and as I confirm it was me or train that said it, but it's up 50% in the quarter and is continuing to grow strongly. It's one of the primary reasons why we're the #2 brewer in London, which was somewhat unthinkable a few years ago.  So a large part of the overall UK business is now in the above medium space, and it is accelerating. So that's part of it. Hard to tell where pricing is going to land out in EMEA, APAC and it does vary by country. And it is driven largely by the local dynamics. I do think it's safe to say that it's not going to be at the historical levels that we've experienced over the last few years.  From a U.S. point of view, from a price realization point of view, we put price into the markets that we were expecting to put it into in the fall. And as we've said before, I would expect pricing to fall back to more historical levels in the new year, the ones that go in spring. And from a shelf reset point of view, yes, I guess everybody is fighting for space. The beauty of our position at the moment is that we've got the facts and data to support meaningful increases in space for our brands. And the retailers that have gone in fall have given us tens of thousands of extra cubic feet of space. And we're going to fight for every square foot of space based on those trends as we head into the spring reset. So thanks, Chris. 
Operator: Thank you. I would like to turn it back to Greg Tierney for any final remarks. 
Greg Tierney : Okay. Very good. Thank you, operator, and I appreciate everyone joining us today. I know there may be additional questions we weren't able to answer, so please follow up with our Investor Relations team, and we look forward to talking with many of you as the year progresses. So with that, thanks, everybody, for participating, and we'll talk soon. Cheers.
Operator: I can confirm that does conclude today's call. Thank you all for joining. Please have lovely rest of your day, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. With that, I’ll hand it over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A, Commercial Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, operator, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks today from Gavin and Tracey, we will take your questions. In an effort to address as many questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have technical questions on the quarter, please pick them up with our IR team in the days and weeks that follow. Today’s discussion includes forward-looking statements. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. GAAP reconciliations for any non-US GAAP measures are included in our news release. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period in US dollars and in constant currency when discussing percentage changes from the prior year period. Also, US share data references are sourced from Circana. Further, in our remarks today, we will reference underlying pre-tax income, which equates to underlying income before income taxes on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. With that, over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg, and thank you all for joining today's call. Molson Coors has just finished the single best quarter of reported net sales revenue since the merger of Molson and Coors in 2005. That achievement is not only a measure of those three months, it's a measure of the past three years. It's about the work we've done to strengthen our business, which puts us in a position to attract consumers when they begin looking for alternatives. That's what allowed us to deliver these results today. Now, to try and remove any skepticism that you may have, I want to show you one chart in our slides that summarizes exactly what I'm talking about. Up until three years ago, our biggest brand in our biggest market was losing dollar share quarter after quarter and year after year. Shortly after we launched our revitalization plan, we changed our marketing approach on Coors Light and launched the Made to Chill campaign, and the brand's results began to improve. In the first quarter of this year, Coors Light revenue was up high single digits. In the second quarter, Coors Light grew more industry dollar share than any other beer brand and it grew industry dollar share faster than Modelo Especial and Corona Extra combined. The overlay Miller Lite's performance, it looks remarkably similar. And the reason for that is simple. Three years ago, we generated cost savings and have been reinvesting them back into our brands and back into our business. Three years ago, we completely changed our approach to marketing and media, which unlocked growth for our biggest brands. Over the past three years, we have improved our supply chain. We've diversified our network of material supplies in our shipping methods. We've adjusted our brewery and packaging operations. We've streamlined our ordering systems for customers, and we've invested in our facilities. Collectively, we believe this has made us much more nimble and much more prepared to meet elevated demand. Over the past three years, our strategy has made our brands demonstrably stronger in 2023 than they were in 2019. So while we didn't plan our largest competitor's largest brand planting volume by nearly 30% during the quarter. If this had happened in 2019, we would surely not have seen the sales benefit that we did in 2023 or even been able to meet the demand. Now a lot has been said about the US beer industry over the past few months. But I thought it would be helpful to provide a deeper level of detail than what you've seen track channel data and give more insights about what we believe the current trends mean for the future. First, Molson Coors is number one in retail display dollar gains year-to-date. This is the easiest way for retailers to adjust space on short notice. So we see it as a strong early indicator of shelf reset sentiment. And it's also worth remembering that our largest brands had already experienced a display lift in the first quarter due to our suitable retail execution. We also know a number of retailers have moved their shelf reset timing from the spring to the fall, which we expect will make some portion of the current trend structural. For the retailers who stayed with spring resets, those conversations are well underway. Currently, nearly 20 of our top retailers are updating their planograms to drive more space for our brands and keep them in stock based on the latest demand. Continuing with retail, we are seeing particularly strong growth in the convenience channel with both volume sales and dollar sales up double-digits in the quarter. In the United States, Convenience is the number one channel where we have historically under indexed. So to capitalize on this momentum, we are planning to increase our investment behind C-store shopper marketing in the second half of the year. In the on-premise, Molson Coors gained over 12,000 new tap handles in the second quarter alone, and we grew sales at double the rate of the category on leading e-commerce platforms. We're proud of this execution, and we're equally proud of the work our supply chain team has done over the past several years to really ask for this quarter. When in May and June, our US breweries had their highest levels of production since 2019. And lastly, it's important to note that the competitive pricing moves around Memorial Day and the fourth of July did not appear to have a negative impact on our brands as our share gains continued. Given the relative size, Coors Light and Miller Lite in the United States naturally had an outsized impact on our second quarter results. To put the growth of these brands into perspective, Coors Light and Miller Lite combined we're 50% bigger than Bud Light by total industry dollars and 30% bigger than Modelo Especial in the second quarter. And to put that further in perspective, in the second quarter of last year, Bud Light was bigger than Coors Light and Miller Lite combined. But the momentum we're seeing isn't confined to a specific brand, segment, channel or geography. Globally, we grew the top-line by double digits and the bottom-line by more than 50% in the second quarter. We grew volume and share in the United States. We grew volume and share in Canada. We grew volume and share in the United Kingdom and our top three brands globally; Coors Light, Miller Lite and Miller High Life are all growing volume globally. In the US, the top dollar share gainer nationally with Coors Light, Simply Spiked and Miller Lite representing three of the top five franchises in the quarter. Every single one of our top five US brands grew dollar share in the quarter as well. Coors banquet gained share of the US beer industry for the eighth consecutive quarter, an impressive feat for a 150-year-old brand of its size. Our economy brands grew dollar share of industry, including volume growth for High Life and Keystone. We also gained the second most dollar and volume share in total flavor in the second quarter. We now have the number three and number five Hard Seltzer brands in the United States, and Simply Peach was the best-performing new product in the quarter by dollar share. In energy drinks, ZOA is continuing its upward trajectory. Since the end of the first quarter, more than 11,000 additional retail outlets that placed the brand's new 12-ounce cans, we believe ZOA has a bright future. And just last month, announced a new marketing campaign, featuring some of the country's most prominent college athletes as brand ambassadors. All of the points I just shared led to our best quarterly US brand volume trends since the MillerCoors joint venture in 2008. It led to revenue growth in every channel, in every segment and in every region. And in Canada, the story is similar. We saw double-digit brand volume growth in the quarter, led by Coors Light and the Molson brand franchise, which also grew share of the industry. These trends were actually well on their way even before the start of the second quarter. At the end of March, Coors Light became the number one light beer and number two overall beer in the country, surpassing Bud Light. While the Hard Seltzer segment in Canada was down in the second quarter, Molson Coors was the only large brewer to hold share of the segment. In EMEA and APAC, I'll start with our performance in the UK, where we grew volume, share and revenue, and our on-premise share performance hit its highest levels in over a decade. Madri delivered triple-digit volume growth and is now the fourth largest above premium brand in our global portfolio. Based on track data in the UK, Madri is now a top five brand for on-premise value sales. What this brand has achieved in three years is incredible. Back by Madri incurs more than half of our total EMEA and APAC revenue as of the second quarter was generated by brand volumes from the above premium segment. And Ožujsko our second largest brand in the region surpassed the 50% share of segment in the Croatian market and is benefiting from new enhancements we've made to our can lines in the region. So we had an incredible second quarter, the best in years by many accounts. And while our two biggest brands in our biggest market played a large role, you can see that our entire business contributed meaningfully. We're proving this business can grow the top and bottom line sustainably. We're proving we have the resilience and wherewithal to navigate macro challenges affecting our industry and the world. And we believe we're proving that when we stick to a clear strategy over the long term, results will continue to follow. That's what we've done for the past three years. That's why we are where we are today. It's what we expect will drive sustainable growth for our business moving forward, and it's why we're confident in raising our guidance for the remainder of the year. Now before I pass it over to Tracey for more detail, I wanted to share that on October 3, we will be hosting a Strategy Day in New York City. More details are to come but we look forward to providing a longer-term view of our strategy and outlook at that time. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. In the second quarter, on a constant currency basis, we delivered tremendous results. Net sales revenue grew 12.1% and underlying pre-tax income grew 52.6%. We achieved this while continuing to invest in our business, reduce net debt and return cash to shareholders. As Gavin discussed, we have built our business to sustainably grow both the top and bottom line. We achieved this in 2022 and in the first quarter of 2023 before this recent period of accelerated demand in the US. And while we remain mindful of the dynamic global macroeconomic environment and recent beer industry softness, the foundation we have laid coupled with our strong second quarter performance provide us confidence to increase our full year 2023 guidance, meaningfully accelerating growth from our prior expectations. Now before we get to that, let's talk about some of the drivers of the second quarter performance. Net sales per hectoliter grew 9% in the quarter. This was driven by positive global net pricing due to rollover pricing benefits from higher than typical increases taken in 2022 and favorable sales mix driven by geographic mix and premiumization. Financial volume increased 2.8% and consolidated brand volume increased 5%. The volume growth was driven by strength in our Americas business, partially offset by a decline in our EMEA and APAC business. Turning to costs. Underlying cost per hectoliter were up 5.9%. As expected, inflationary pressures continue to be a headwind. As you may recall, we bucket COGS into three areas. First is cost inflation other which includes cost inflation, depreciation, cost savings and other items; second is mix; and third is volume leverage or deleverage. The cost inflation bucket drove 80% of the increase and was mostly due to higher materials and manufacturing costs, partially offset by cost savings. Volume leverage had a meaningfully positive impact on COGS per hectoliter in the quarter providing a 100 basis point benefit. Other COGS per hectoliter drivers included mix, which accounted for the remainder of the increase. This was largely due to the impact of non-owned brands as well as premiumization. And while premiumization is a negative for COGS, it is a positive for gross margin per hectoliter. Underlying marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 4.1%. The increase was driven by higher incentive compensation expense, which is a variable expense tied to our operating performance, as well as higher marketing investments. Now let's look at our quarter results by business units. In the Americas, net sales revenue grew 11.5% and underlying pre-tax income grew 40%. Americas net sales per hectoliter increased 6.2%, benefiting from positive net pricing across the region as well as favorable sales mix. The strong net pricing growth included benefits from higher than typical US and Canada pricing in 2022. As a reminder, in the US in 2022, we took two part increases, a spring and fall, each averaging approximately 5%. We lapped last year's spring increase in the third quarter and will begin to lap last year's full increase this September. Financial volume increased 5%. This was due to a 4.8% increase in US domestic shipments, driven by higher brand volumes due to a shift in consumer purchasing behavior largely within the premium segment in the quarter. In addition, Canada shipments increased in part due to cycling the impact of the Quebec labor strike in the second quarter last year. This was partially offset by lower Latin American and contract brewing volumes. Americas brand volumes were up 8%. US brand volume increased 8.7% largely due to growth in our core brands with Coors Light, Miller Lite and Coors Banquet all up double-digits. Growth was also driven by strength in our Above Premium portfolio led by flavor. In Canada, brand volume increased 11.3%. While sparkling the Quebec labor strike was a driver, we also achieved growth in each of our Canadian regions. In Latin America, brand volume was down 5.9%, largely due to industry softness in some of our major markets in that region. On the cost side, Americas underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 2.5%. Inflation remained the leading driver of the increase, but the impact was partially offset by benefits of volume leverage and lower logistics costs. MG&A was up on higher incentive compensation and higher marketing investments, particularly for key innovations like Simply Spiked. Turning to EMEA and APAC. Net sales revenue increased 14.7%, and underlying pre-tax income increased 82.7%. Net sales per hectoliter grew 18.3%. This was driven by positive net pricing largely related to the rollover benefits from increases taken in 2022, favorable sales mix and continued premiumization in the UK, fueled by the strength of brands like Madri and positive geographic mix. Financial volume declined 3%, relatively in line with brand volume, which was down 2.9%. Looking by market, financial volume grew in the UK on strong brand volume due to the resilience of the UK consumer and our strong on-premise performance as well as higher factor brand sales. But this was more than offset by the counts in Central and Eastern Europe due to industry softness, including the impact of the continued inflationary pressures on the consumer. On the cost side, underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 17.7%. This was largely due to inflation-related brewing and packaging materials and logistics costs as well as the mix impact of premiumization and high affected brands. MG&A was relatively flat. Underlying free cash flow was $570 million for the first six months of the year, and this was an improvement of $282 million, primarily due to higher net income and lower cash capital expenditures. Turning to capital allocation. Capital expenditures paid were $335 million for the first six months of the year. This was down $54 million and was due to the timing of capital projects. Capital expenditures continue to focus on our Golden Brewery modernization and expanding our capabilities in areas that we believe drive efficiencies and savings. We reduced our net debt by $308 million since December 31, 2022, ending the second quarter with net debt of $5.7 billion. And in July, we repaid our CAD500 million debt in cash upon its maturity on July 15. As a reminder, our outstanding debt is essentially all at fixed rates. Our exposure to floating rate debt is limited to our commercial paper and revolving credit facilities, both of which had a zero balance outstanding at quarter end. And we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.41 per share and maintain our intention to sustainably increase the dividend. Given our strong EBITDA performance and lower net debt, our net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio as of quarter end, reached our longer-term leverage ratio target of 2.5 times. Our capital allocation priorities remain to invest in our business, reduce net debt as we remain committed to maintaining and in time, improving our investment-grade rating and return cash to shareholders. But our greatly improved financial flexibility does provide us increased optionality among these priorities and we will utilize our models to determine the best anticipated return for our shareholders. Now, let's discuss our outlook. But first, please recall that we cite year-over-year growth rates in constant currency. We are raising our 2023 key financial guidance to reflect the continued strength we are seeing in our core brands in the US, while remaining mindful of the softness in the beer industry and continued caution around the consumer. We now expect high single-digit net sales revenue growth as compared to low single-digit growth previously. We now expect 23% to 26% underlying pre-tax income growth, as compared to low single-digit growth previously. And we also now expect underlying free cash flow of $1.2 billion, plus or minus 10% as compared to 1 billion plus or minus 10% previously. Now let me break down some of the guidance assumptions. From a top line perspective, given the strong demand in the US, we now expect growth to be driven not only by rate but also by volume. But we continue to expect a headwind related to the large US contract brewing agreement that has begun to wind down ahead of its termination at the end of 2024. As discussed on our first quarter call, we expect volume declines under this contract to accelerate in the fourth quarter. For context, the headwind impact of this is expected to be approximately 2% to 3% of America's financial volume in the fourth quarter. We continue to view the termination of this contract as a positive, because while a headwind from a volume perspective, we believe it is positive for us in terms of freeing up capacity and enhancing margins. As for distributor inventories before that we had both higher US distributor inventory levels at the end of the first quarter this year versus the prior year. However, given the strong demand, distributor inventory levels in the US declined following both the Memorial Day and fourth, of July holidays. We expect they will further decline following the Labor Day holiday. Recall that declines in distributor inventory held through the summer and particularly post our holidays during this period are typical. Also, as usual, we anticipate rebuilding inventory in the shoulder quarters being the first and fourth quarters. So while supply is currently tight, our brewery operations have done an excellent job of meeting the demand. As for pricing, given the strength of our brands, we continue to anticipate taking a general increase in the US this fall. At this point, we expect our pricing increase to be in line with industry average historical annual levels of 1% to 2%. In terms of costs, we continue to expect the impact of inflation on COGS to be a headwind for the year, but we expect it to moderate in the second half. While stock rates for a number of commodities have declined, we, like most CPG companies have a hedging program, which we expect will largely smooth out the impact of swings in commodity pricing. Further, our business in EMEA and APAC is expected to continue to experience relatively high inflationary pressure. In addition, we expect favorable volume leverage to partially offset cost increases. This, combined with continued premiumization and lower contract brewing volumes are expected to drive gross margin expansion for the year. Underlying MG&A expenses is expected to be approximately $100 million higher in the second half as compared to the first half of this year and up approximately 15% versus the second half of 2022. This is primarily due to higher marketing spend, which is expected to be up approximately $100 million, as well as higher people related costs as compared to the same period last year. As for our secondary guidance metrics, we continue to expect capital expenditures incurred of $700 million, plus or minus 5%, underlying depreciation and amortization of $690 million, plus or minus 5% and an underlying effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 23%. However, we are reducing our net interest expense guidance of $225 million to $225 million plus or minus 5% as compared to $240 million plus or minus 5% previously. This decrease is driven by the July payoff of the Canadian debt maturity, higher interest income due to higher cash levels and higher interest rates on deposits and lower short-term borrowings than previously anticipated. In closing, we are extremely pleased with our second quarter performance. While we could not have foreseen the shifts that we have seen in consumer behavior that began in the second quarter, our strategy has positioned us well. With a strong portfolio of brands across all price segments and the financial flexibility that enables us to continue to invest prudently in our business, we are confident in our ability to sustainably deliver top and bottom line growth not only in full year 2023, but also beyond. We look forward to sharing more details on our strategic initiatives, capital allocation and longer term outlook at our upcoming Strategy Day on October 3rd. With that, we look forward to answering your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bonnie Herzog from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you. Hi, everyone. I had a question on your guidance. You raised your underlying pre-tax income growth guidance, a fair amount, but given the Q2 beat, it does imply a healthy deceleration in the second half. So I guess I wanted to better understand the drivers of this, and really ultimately how much of the top line strength you now plan to reinvest versus maybe letting it flow to the bottom line. Also, are there any other headwinds we should be aware of for the second half, or is there may be some level of conservatism baked into your updated full year guide? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie. Let me start with just a couple of facts, and then I'll pass it over to Tracey. Firstly, I would tell you that the momentum behind our brands in the third quarter has not slowed down. It is maintained. And then secondly, we intend to invest very strongly behind the momentum that we've got, hence, the $100 million extra marketing, which Tracey referred to in her remarks. Our job is to maintain those gains that we've got. We've gained, as I said, 12,000 new tap handles, we're working closely with our retailers to change the shelf sets to meet this new reality. We're the number one share gainer in dollars in displays. And we're going to invest behind the momentum that we've got, mostly in the Americas business unit, but also in our EMEA and APAC business unit behind brands such as Madri. So I'll make those two points. Tracey, is there any there's more you want to add to that?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Bonnie, the one thing that I would add is the PEP contract that's winding down. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we will see a headwind in terms of volume and revenue from that contract, we expect on a book volume basis for that to have a headwind in Q4 of around 2% to 3% of our American volumes. And then just also, don't forget the sort of pricing as we lap the larger price increases that we took supplier in 2022. So we'll see that impact declining through the back half of the year as well.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thanks, Bonnie. Our next question comes from Bill Kirk from Roth MKM. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Bill Kirk: Thank you. I just wanted to follow-up and try to be super clear. So the guidance in the U.S. includes U.S. volume increases and rate. Has that changed just for what you've experienced year-to-date, or is your -- is your guidance now including those market share shifts that you've seen for them to continue in the back half of the year?
Gavin Hattersley: Bill, thanks for that question. Look, I don't think we're going to breakdown the individual components of our guidance. But I'll just -- I'll reiterate that we haven't seen any slowdown in momentum for our brands. One big difference is the extra $100 million versus the first half of this year and actually also versus the back half of last year. To Tracey's point, pricing, we are and have already lapped one of the big price increases we put through last year, and we lapped the other one obviously in the fall. And we've been pretty consistent about the fact that we're expecting pricing to fall back to more historical levels of that sort of 1% to 2% range. And then, of course, there is -- there are some employment-related costs which we referred to in our script as well. So those are sort of big four things, which I would point you to. Next question, operator.
Operator: Thanks, Bill. Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. Gavin, it seems that you're obviously embedding a strong deceleration in the second half and even accounting for the 2% to 3% headwind that you mentioned in the fourth quarter, in particular. Can you comment on the underlying assumptions, perhaps for depletions as you go into the second half? And then embedding to that, you had this 5% increase in cost per act. I understand, Tracey, you mentioned that it's going to actually decelerate -- the inflation is going to decelerate in the second half, which is it just obviously makes sense. To the extent that you can comment on the margin and by the same token, I think it flows through not only the deceleration in top line but also more conservative assumptions for reinvestment, if you can comment on that. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Look, Bonnie, not Bonnie -- sorry, Andrea. As I said, our momentum has not slowed down at all, and we're now towards the end of July. Our guidance assumes US brand volume growth in the second half of the year, which implies continued share growth based on current industry trends. It does consider continued caution around the consumer and the competitive environment. And we -- Tracey referred to the PEPs winding down and price increases. And then, of course, there's the extra $100 million that we've got going through from a marketing point of view. So we factored all of those items into our guidance.
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. And then just on the COGS inflation question. So -- as we said, we do expect the impact of cost inflation to continue for this year, but then moderate in the back half of the year. And if we've got good line of thought right now based on hedging our contract prices and the expected cost savings. But again, do expect inflationary pressures to continue, particularly in our EMEA and APAC region as we've mentioned. So from a margin expansion point of view, because of some of these factors as well as the benefit from our efficiency projects as we've invested more in our business around efficiencies and cost savings and really looking at a more normalized cost of goods sold environment. In the medium term, we are expecting a margin expansion.
Andrea Teixeira: And when -- that the capacity increases, I also want to make sure that we all ship on that. The 2% to 3% headwind, right, that you spoke about volumes that you mind in this contract. It also gives you more capacity, right? So are you, together with what you mentioned Gavin in the beginning of your call in your prepared remarks that you have some of the top 12 retailers in the US taking on adjusting shop space for you. Would we see that capacity flipping into your own brands, or we should wait for that to settle before we can count on that as you go into the balance of the year? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. It's our top -- it's 20 retailers that are going to make changes in the fall resets. Some of them actually already made those changes. And frankly, that number grows every week when I talk to our head of sales. So it's actually somewhat higher than what it was when I made these prepared remarks. From a supply chain point of view, I think our supply chain team has done an amazing job keeping up at such short notice. We always run close to full capacity in summer. So of course, we're going to be a little tighter than normal. And so there are some distributors in some pockets where they may be out of stocks, particularly where the momentum is really strong. We've got some distributors growing 30%, 40%, 50% at the moment. We rebuilt inventory coming out of Memorial Day. We're doing the same now as we rebuild heading into Labor Day. And we came into the second quarter with good inventories. So I think we're doing a great job of keeping up with this unexpected demand. I think we've got the capacity to do that. And of course, when PEPs it starts coming out, we will be able to replace that volume with our own brands, and it will free up a little bit more capacity for us as we head into 2024.
Operator: Thanks, Andrea. Our next question comes from Vivian Azer from TD Cowen. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Vivian Azer: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Gavin and Tracey, I'm hearing some concern from investors that there seems to be perhaps a disconnect in terms of what would have been expected from a depletion standpoint, just using the publicly available data. I have Nielsen, you guys are obviously citing Sircana relative to the shipments. I think we've certainly covered the capacity point pretty well at this point. But were there any other timing factors to consider in terms of understanding why your Americas shipments fell below what we would have seen in Nielsen track channels from a volume growth perspective?
A – Gavin Hattersley: A couple of points I'd make. One is that we came into the second quarter with very high -- we're not very high inventory. We came in with higher inventories than we normally did because we wanted to make sure we could supply our consumers and distributors through summer. Now we obviously weren't planning for the current situation, but it's -- we certainly had higher shipments coming into Q2. We always run close to full capacity in summer. So frankly, there isn't a lot of -- from a shipments point of view, a significant increase possible as we operate in summer. Notwithstanding that, our breweries had a record May and June since 2019 and are functioning extremely well. So those are the 2 factors that I would point you to, Vivien. From a capacity point of view, of course, we don't have unlimited capacity, but we're keeping up, I think, amazingly well given the short notice of this demand shift. And we'll rebuild our inventory heading into Labor Day, and we'll build -- rebuild inventory post Labor Day as we head towards the back of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nadine Sarwat from Bernstein. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Nadine Sarwat: Hi. Thank you. Good morning, guys. So last time we spoke, I know you mentioned your expectations at the time where the shelf resets could be more modest in the fall than some other brewers were expecting, but it sounds from your prepared remarks that you believe these are going to be bigger than initially expected. So could you provide a bit more color based on what you're seeing? I know you touched on it, but the puts and takes of those fall resets and then how you're thinking of going into the spring next year? And then one more, if I may ask, in the U.S., where your on-trade and off-trade trends meaningfully different or broadly in line? And if so, a little color on that as well. Thank you.
A – Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine. I'll take your second question first. Yes, our on-premise trends were better than our off-premise trends in the U.S. As far as your shelf reset question is concerned, yes, we are in a better place now than we were necessarily thinking at the end of the first quarter. A lot more retailers have, a, already moved some of their shelf resets and are planning to move their 4 shelf resets than we had initially expected. As I said, nearly 20 of our retailers updating the planograms right now. That number grows every week, every time, as I said, I'll talk to head of sales, that number grows. We're working really closely with our retailers to recommend space and assortment solutions to just drive a sustained category growth for the retailers. And given those recent trends, we have seen a number of retailers make interim adjustments to displays and space this summer. And we do expect that to continue into the fall and also next spring. And as I said, I think in my prepared remarks and maybe in Q&A, I can't remember. But was Molson Coors is the number one in retail dollar display gains year-to-date. So, we're working hard at making sure that shelf resets reflect the current reality in the marketplace, which shows that there is a strong momentum behind all of our core brands.
Operator: Thanks Nadine. Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni from Citi. Your line is now open, please go ahead.
Gavin Hattersley: Looks like we may have lost Filippo from Citi, Nadine. Not Nadine, operator.
Operator: Filippo if you want to -- your line is now open. Please ask your question. Again moving on to the next question. Our next question is from Eric Serotta from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open, please go ahead.
Gavin Hattersley: Sounds like Eric's there either, operator.
Eric Serotta: Hello. Can you hear me?
Gavin Hattersley: Now, we can hear you.
Operator: Eric, we can hear you. Go ahead.
Eric Serotta: Great. Sorry about that. Just wanted to circle back on the shipments versus depletions, not to beat a dead horse here, but is the implication correct that shipments will -- are expected to again lag depletions for the third quarter and that inventory rebuild would happen largely in the fourth quarter? And do you expect shipments and depletions to still be broadly in line for the full year? Do you think it will take until first quarter or early next year in order for the two to converge?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Hi Eric, it's Tracey here. So, look, we're going to monitor this very closely. Obviously, our distributor inventory levels, as Gavin mentioned, over the sort of holiday period will fall and then we'll grow it again. Typically, we grow on the shoulder quarters, the first quarter and the fourth quarter. But we're monitoring it very carefully. I mean, right now, we focus on making sure that we have enough inventory to meet the demand and that our distributors have enough inventory to meet their demand. So, as we get further into the year, we'll continue to balance that. And again, just really focused on making sure we've got there on the floor.
Eric Serotta: Great. And then a bigger quick -- bigger picture question for you, Gavin. You referenced several times the weaker US beer industry trend. Hoping you could unpack what you see as the key drivers there. Do you think that the situation at your competitor is having a spillover effect in terms of overall industry? We've seen the beer industry from a volume perspective weaken this year at a time when spirits volume growth has certainly slowed quite dramatically. So, any color as to your take on what's driving the industry weakness would be helpful.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure. Thanks Eric. Yes, look, I mean, the US industry in 2023 has been softer than expected. There are obviously a number of drivers behind that. Here on the West Coast, particularly California, big beer drinking market. We had some really difficult weather conditions in the first part of the year. And so that challenged the overall industry. And I think it's true to say that we've had higher-than-expected declines in the overall Seltzer segment. Our data with -- from Circana would suggest that there's actually been a slight improvement in Q2, when you compare it with Q1 and an improvement from an overall industry point of view versus the second half of last year. We do think that some of the bigger drivers of these trends are lifestyle choices and some buyers shifting to other categories. However, core beer drinkers are incredibly loyal and have maintained their share of dollars and volume in beer. So we have seen some pretty seismic shifts across the industries fueled by the continued growth in Mexican imports and fabs. And obviously, the disruption in the AVR [ph] portfolio, our brands, Coors Light, Miller Lite growing industry share. So what really matters here for us is that more consumers are reaching for our beers versus our competitors' beers, regardless of the -- of the segment that they are purchasing from. So those are the comments I would have from an overall industry point, Eric.
Operator: Thanks, Eric. Our next question comes from Peter Grom from UBS. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. So Gavin, this may be a hard question to answer, as we're still really only halfway through this year. But I would love to get your perspective on how you see the company's growth algorithm evolving in light of the share shifts we're seeing. Obviously, great to see the share gains, but you're also kind of increasing your exposure to an area of the industry where growth has been challenged for some time. And I know, you had previously communicated that you expect to exit this year with stronger bottom-line growth versus the low-single digits originally targeted for this year. So I would just be curious, how do you think about the ability to kind of grow off of this elevated base especially if some of these share gains prove to be less durable? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Thanks Peter. Look, obviously, we'll share a lot more detail when we have our Strategy Day in October, but I'll make a few points ahead of that. When we started down the journey of our revitalization plan, we wanted to deliver top and bottom-line growth on a sustainable basis, not just once every now and then. So that's the first thing I would say to you. That's how we measure ourselves. Secondly, we're seeing share and brand improvement in every single one of the markets that we operate in. So this is not just the United States. We're seeing it in Canada. We're seeing it in the United Kingdom. In the US, we are the number one dollar share gainer in the second quarter. Canada is up 1.5 points from a volume perspective. That's through May because we don't have a more recent data than that. We grew premium light dollar share almost 11%. Canada premium beer is up 2.4, in the FAB segment, we grew industry and the segment. We grew all of our core brands in the United States and Canada grew industry a share and we continue to grow our economy segment performance from an improvement point of view. Our job is to make sure that we maintain and retain as many and frankly, more of these consumers that are moving to our brands is one of the reasons we're investing $100 million in the back half of the year. That's a significant investment and commitment to the momentum that we're experiencing. And we're seeing that in the data. We're seeing the 12 -- the handles the new tap handles we're getting. We're seeing the shelf changes. We're seeing the display dollar share gains. And we're going to push hard to maintain that and more, Peter. So I think I think I'll stop there ahead of our strategy data, but we'll share more with you in early October.
Operator: Thanks, Peter. Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman from Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. I was curious if you could talk a little bit about operating leverage because I know a couple of times, Gavin and Tracey, both referenced that 2Q is normally a time when you're producing pretty close to full capacity. So as we think about the balance of the year and starting to see the structural share shifts in market share persist. If the higher volume growth if we start to see more operating leverage kind of on a year-over-year basis because the delta is bigger in the so-called shoulder quarters than would have been, for example, in 2Q, meaning the upside in your production volume is actually higher later in the year versus 2Q because this is already a seasonally very strong volume production period.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So maybe let me help maybe give a little bit of color and maybe a little bit more detail around our leverage and operating leverage. So on an enterprise basis, our fixed costs comprise about 20% of our enterprise underlying COGS. So now that does differ by geography. And the composition -- the composition of our year-over-year volume changes that can influence that. But on average, for enterprise COGS makeup is about 20% fixed. And then obviously, as we look at operating leverage, our marketing strategy also supports flexibility, which does allow us to put the right commercial pressure behind our brands. And so as Gavin mentioned, we're going to be spending $100 million more in marketing in the back half of the year. And then just from an overall sort of margin driver as well, we've mentioned the PET contract coming to an end. That's certainly going to help our margins, even though it is a revenue loss, but overall margin expansion as well as a lot of these efficiency projects that we've been working on our ongoing cost savings, that's all going to help drive that margin expansion over the medium term and this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Ottenstein from Evercore. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Just a couple of follow-ups, Gavin. First, you mentioned that on-premise was stronger than off, but I can't -- I'm not sure I heard by how much how much the on-premise was up? And you mentioned that you won 12,000 tap handles, I think, in Q2. Can you give us a sense of what that is as a percentage of total tap handles. And then second, we're seeing and hearing about some weakness in the market overall in the below premium side. Is that something that you're also seeing in your -- not just in your business, but in the market overall? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Rob. Lots of questions there. I'll take your last one first. No, we're not seeing any slowdown in our economy portfolio. As far as on versus off-premise, you didn't hear it because I didn't say it. And we're not going to get into that level of detail, but suffice it to say that on-premise grew I would say maybe low single digits better than the off-premise. What was your second question? The tap handles. It's a meaningful number, Rob, and that's only Miller Lite and Coors Light and Blue Moon, which I referenced. And let's say -- I'm do not sure we've given this before, but let's say, around 10% higher. Meaningful for us.
Operator: Thanks Rob. The next question comes from Chris Carey from Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hi, everyone. One quick question just on the investment plan for the back half of the year, just given the year-to-date strength makes total sense. I'm trying to understand the tight capacity relative to the investment. It sounds like you're keeping up with demand, but just have you contemplated a dynamic where this accelerated investment into the back half of the year accelerates demand, but you're not able to keep up with the demand. I totally understand the brand building for the medium to longer term, which makes complete sense. But it does sound like this is going to be supportive of perhaps even higher demand. I'm just trying to frame how much excess capacity you might see in the system. If indeed, you do see a step-up with this increased investment activity in the back half? So thanks very much for that.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Chris. Look, our tightest period obviously is always during the summer. And we always see a fall off after major holidays, just like we did in July 4th and we are currently rebuilding the inventory as we speak, and we'll continue to rebuild it in August. And then we'll have a fall off coming out of September. And then overall consumer or consumer takeoff traditionally does fall off in the fourth quarter. So it provides us a good opportunity to get inventories back to where we would like to have them going into next year. Our marketing activities, as I said is not just limited to the United States. We are putting more money into our other markets as well behind the momentum of a brand like Madri, behind the Coors Light and Molson trademark brands up in Canada behind some strength in certain territories in our Latin America business. But it's also true to say the lion's share is in the United States. And frankly, the at a very, very high level, two kinds of marketing right in selling expenses, some drive shorter term behavior, which we're investing behind, and some drives longer term brand health, and we're going to be doing both. So as I said, we don't have unlimited capacity, but certainly perhaps coming out of our system and then the shoulder quarters, as I think Lauren referenced in the fourth quarter and the first quarter give us ample opportunity to maintain inventory and supplies where we want them to be.
Operator: Thanks, Chris. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Thanks, operator. Good morning, Gavin. Good morning, Tracey. I just had two sort of related questions about free cash flow. One, Tracey, if you could just talk about the two and half times leverage target and just why that's kind of a desirable target just given how much cash flow tap the company throws off and it just seems a little bit conservative. So just kind of what the thinking was there in terms of getting to the two and half times? And then I just had one other related follow-up.
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. So look, we did a lot of analysis, what was the desirable leverage target for us to have, and we got to the two and half times. And remember, we've been very vocal and make sure that we maintain our investment-grade rating. And over time, we want to improve our investment grade rating. And so it makes sense for us to continue to look at that leverage ratio, reduce our net debt that drives us towards that upgrade in terms of investment grade. So yeah, it's just really important to us. And so we'll continue to look at that, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then the $1.2 billion of -- or plus or minus 10% free cash flow guidance increase for the year. Is -- I think one of the questions we're getting today is just if you were to hold on to the benefits that accrue to the company this year, would that be a normal cash flow or were there other things like capital spending coming down or just other things that the free cash flow conversion, if we're sort of -- we sort of rebase the company from here could be higher, or put another way, would free cash flow necessarily be higher even for this year, if there weren't some other sort of unusual things pulling on cash?
Tracey Joubert: No. I mean, look, obviously, capital expenditure is one of the things that we look at. But I think we've been quite consistent with our capital expenditure. And we've also said that, any investments we make is not going to drive our capital expenditure up significantly. And even the investments that we've made in new breweries in Canada, we built those 2 new modern breweries in Canada, we're busy modernizing our G150 Brewery in Colorado. We built capabilities in our breweries, whether that's the flavor capabilities or variety of packing capabilities. All of that is within that range of around $700 million, which is the guidance that we've given for this year as well. So I don't see a significant uptick in anything CapEx related or anything unusual. I mean the one thing is, at the end of the year, obviously, working capital will be a driver of our free cash flow but yes, nothing out of the ordinary.
Operator: Thanks, Bryan. Our next question comes from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Hey. Thanks and good morning. I wanted to just revisit the capacity question in the US, maybe from a different perspective. I think both in the quarter and year-to-date, the financial volumes you shipped in the Americas lagged what you were able to ship in the first half of both 2020 and 2021. And I guess I'm just -- is that -- is there a reason for that? Is that reflective of capacity that you've taken out of the system at that point? And I'm thinking about it as I look to the back half, I'm just trying to think about a theoretical max on what you might be able to ship and the same logic, I think, in the back half of 2020 and 2021, you shifted, 32 -- 33 million hectoliters. I just -- is that feasible in 2023 or is the capacity just not there?
A – Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Steve, look, we don't have unlimited capacity, as I said. But obviously, we had a strong May and June shipments, well above anything that you would have seen in 2020, 2021, 2022. And obviously, I think I've made the point we had higher inventories coming into the second quarter at the end of March, and that might have affected some of our shipments in the sort of first part of April. So there is that as well. We have long had a very robust program of seasonal workers and some are temporary workers which, frankly, if we needed to, we could continue even into the shoulder quarters. We traditionally haven't found that to be necessary. But in the event that it did, we could extend our summer brewery performance into the shoulder quarters. I'd also think, Steve, just to remind you that we are seeing pets come out, and that will free up a lot of capacity for us. And it will free up and simplify our breweries. There won't be so many changeovers. There will be longer runs much more effective and efficient. And as Tracey said, we start to see the benefit of that coming through at a faster rate in the second half of this year in the fourth quarter than we did in the first half, and then obviously, that will accelerate even further into 2024. So based on what we know now, we've got the capacity to supply the market demand.
Operator: Thanks, Steve. Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni from Citi. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Filippo Falorni: You guys, can hear me okay now?
A – Gavin Hattersley: Yes. We can Filippo.
Filippo Falorni: Okay. Great. So I just want to go back to your guidance for net sales growth on a constant currency basis of high single digits. It seems like, Gavin, you mentioned the momentum continued in Q3 in terms of Coors Light and Miller Lite at the consumer level, you should have a little bit of financial volume kind of recovery as you ship ahead of depletions to recover the inventories. So can you -- how many square like what are the other headwinds other than the PABs volume coming out in Q4 that you're assuming that kind of slow the momentum as you're expecting in the second half. Any other things that we should be aware? Thank you.
A – Tracey Joubert: Filippo, maybe I'll take that. So the other thing also just to note is the pricing. So recall, the impact of our pricing increases stepped down in the second half of this year as compared to the first half because of the pricing that we took in 2022. And then as we mentioned, we expect the pricing for this year to be more in the historical average of around 1% to 2% in the U.S. We also are a little bit cautious around the consumer particularly in Central and Eastern Europe, as Gavin mentioned in his remarks as well, looking at the competitive environment and then you mentioned the contract going volume coming out as well. So, I would say those are the big things to consider.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. So with that, I will hand back to Greg Tierney for final remarks.
Greg Tierney: Okay. Thank you, operator, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. I know if you do have additional questions or may have additional questions that we weren't able to answer today, please follow-up with our IR team. We look forward to talking with you, many of you as the year progresses and certainly looking forward to seeing you at our Strategy Day in October. So with that, thank you all for participating in today's call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-02 14:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company First Quarter Fiscal Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. With that, I'll hand it over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A, Commercial Finance and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, operator, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks today from Gavin and Tracey, we will take your questions. In an effort to address as many questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have technical questions on the quarter, please pick them up with our IR team in the days and the weeks that follow. Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period in U.S. dollars and in constant currency when discussing percentage changes from the prior year period. Also, U.S. share data references are sourced from Circana, formerly called IRI. And further, in our remarks today, we will reference underlying pre-tax income, which equates to underlying income before income taxes on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. With that, over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg, and thank you all for joining us this morning. When we reported our 2022 results, I said our ability to grow the top and bottom line was neither an anomaly nor an accident. It's the result of sticking relentlessly to a clear strategy. I also said our North Star is to deliver sustainable long-term top and bottom line growth. And while we remain cautious about the consumer outlook over the course of 2023, so far this year, we have continued to deliver. In the first quarter, we grew the top line by high single-digits, and we nearly doubled our bottom line. These are clearly strong results following a strong 2022 as well. But I would caution you not to simply apply this growth rate to the entirety of 2023. Certainly, the fundamental strength of our business was a driver in our performance, but we also benefited from the lapping of Omicron-related restrictions in some of our markets and particularly strong pricing in all of our major markets compared to the prior year period. These drivers were expected. As a result, we are maintaining our full year guidance, and Tracey will go into more detail on that shortly. Importantly, the fundamentals of our business are strong. We're growing revenue in both business units and across our iconic brands. And our above premium innovation across the Americas and EMEA and APAC is truly changing the shape of our portfolio. So we see reasons for continued caution in the broader consumer landscape. As you are all aware, the consumer packaged good industry remains impacted by rising interest rates and global inflation, both of which persisted into the first quarter. And while we are still not experiencing meaningful trade down in our U.S. business, we have seen consumers shifting away from midsized packs towards singles and larger packs. In February, I mentioned we have seen a price-sensitive subset of consumers shifting to smaller pack sizes, in particular to single serves. Those trends remained in the first quarter, but we are also seeing a shift into larger packs among consumers with higher household income levels. This, combined with channel shifting behavior among these same consumers, suggest an increased focus on finding the best value even if it requires shopping at multiple stores. Trends notwithstanding, our brands proved incredibly resilient this quarter, starting with our premium light brands in the United States. Collectively in the U.S., Coors Light and Miller Lite grew revenue by double-digits in the quarter and held total industry dollar share, and Miller Lite was a top 10 growth brand in the quarter. These brands benefited immensely from our first Super Bowl campaign in more than 30 years. During the run-up to the Super Bowl in February, Miller Lite and Coors Light, both saw a positive volume trend change versus the prior 13 weeks. Coors Light grew displays leading up to the Super Bowl and was a top three brand for all display activity in February due to the strength of our plans and execution. Outside the U.S., our iconic brands in Canada and in Europe remained strong as well. In Canada, Molson Canadian grew brand volume and is growing share again in 2023 after returning to share growth in 2022. Coors Light also grew brand volume in Canada. In the UK, Carling remains the number one brand volume across the industry, with distribution and velocity significantly ahead of competition in the core segment. More broadly, we grew total financial volume in EMEA and APAC in the first quarter, and our Above Premium portfolio in the UK has been a major growth driver. Madrí Excepcional continued to grow share during the first quarter. Madri is now larger than Budweiser in the UK, and recently had moved ahead of Stella Artois in the entree where it is now the number six beer. We continue to see tremendous potential for this brand as we head into the summer months. In the U.S., Peroni grew brand volume in the quarter. And in February, we introduced Peroni 0.0 in select U.S. regions with a new marketing campaign and a global partnership with the Aston Martin Formula One team. Just as our portfolio performed strongly in the first quarter across Above Premium Beer, the same is true for our brands across Above Premium flavor and Beyond Beer. We have previously referenced these as distinct spaces in our portfolio, but given the recent evolution in our Americas operating structure and to better align with broader industry definitions, we will now speak to beyond beer inclusive of all non-beer brands, meaning FABs, hard seltzers, spirit types products, and non-alc [ph]. Starting with FABs in the U.S. Simply Spiked is now a top 10 brand in the segment. It was also a top five industry growth brand in the quarter and just last month we introduced Simply Spiked Peach. On its own, Simply Spiked Lemonade end of 2022 as the number two new item in the total category. We brought Simply Spiked to Canada in the first quarter and there is significant runway as we continue to innovate under this brand. And also in Canada, we are the only large brewer growing share in hard seltzers. In the U.S., despite cycling last year’s national launch Topo Chico Hard Seltzer grew brand volume in March and ready-to-drink cocktails, we’ve just released Topo Chico Spirited across more than 20 U.S. markets. And recently, we announced our plans to continue building our presence in beyond beer with the launch of Peace Hard Tea in select markets later this year, another new branch of our successful relationship with the Coca-Cola Company. As we continue to premiumize our portfolio, we remain focused on growing ZOA as well. Of the doubling its volume in 2022, we are excited about the opportunity for ZOA in 2023 with our new and vibrant packaging. And finally informed by strength bottled spirits, we are continuing to expand the whiskey with Five Trail and our new Barmen 1873 Bourbon. Those brands will be in a total of 25 markets this year. And just last week Five Trail was awarded two gold medals at the Denver International Spirits Competition. Our progress and beyond beer is just one marker of our commitment to total beverage and it’s also a reflection of our successful approach to innovation. But none of this would be possible without continued investments in our capabilities. We’ve made progress here and just this month our new flavor packing capabilities will be going online at our Fort Worth brewery. These enhancements involve the $65 million invest in the facility where we now produce the majority of our flavor innovation brands in-house. Just as we’re modernizing our production capabilities, we’ve modernized our structure as well. In February, we established a new commercial structure in the Americas and elevated Michelle St. Jacques to Chief Commercial Officer. This new structure is designed to unlock the next phase of growth across our brands, geographies and capabilities. First, our U.S. sales and marketing teams will now be working even more closely together with one set of guiding commercial principles. We will also place more emphasis on key growth areas like innovation beyond beer and digital capabilities. And finally, all of these changes will enable us to make even faster decisions and better ensure our investments match our ambitions across the full commercial landscape. So from the changes we are making within our own team to the progress we are seeing across our global portfolio, the trajectory of our business is becoming clear no matter how uncertain the environment around us might be. And the message I want to leave you with today is one of consistency and stability. The results we store in the first quarter underscore the strong foundation we have built to continue to drive consistent top and bottom line growth and achieving our eighth consecutive quarter of revenue growth proves this out. The emphasis we put in our core brands across global markets shows they can stabilize and grow consistently. The strength of our innovation shows we can premiumize our portfolio consistency. And even in parts of our business that are completely new, we are showing consistent progress and an ability to reach new consumers. There’s power in consistency. And in our case, there’s power in a portfolio that is strategically built to offer consumers a range of winning brands across price tiers and preferences. And now to give you more detail on the financials and outlook, I’ll hand it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Tracey Joubert. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. In the first quarter on a constant currency basis, we grew net sales revenue 8.2% and underlying pre-tax income 82.8%, while continuing to invest in our business and return cash to shareholders. While we remain mindful of the dynamic global macroeconomic environments and beer industry softness, our first quarter performance coupled with a strong foundation we have laid over the last three years provide us confidence to reaffirm our 2023 full year guidance. This guidance would mark another year of growth on a constant currency basis, delivering on our goal of sustainable top and bottom line growth. Now, let’s talk about some of the drivers of the first quarter performance. Strong global net pricing due to rollover pricing benefits from higher than typical increases taken in 2022 and positive sales mix from premiumization and favorable geographic mix across both business units lead to 8.4% net sales per hectoliter growth. Financial volume declined 0.2% as lower Americas volumes was partially offset by higher volume in EMEA and APAC. Consolidated brand volume declined 2.1%. Turning to cost, as expected, inflationary pressures continue to be a headwind in the quarter, driving underlying COGS per hectoliter up 7.4%. And as you can see from the slides, we back at COGS into three areas. First is cost inflation and other which includes cost inflation, depreciation, cost savings and other items. Second is mix, and third is deleverage. The cost inflation bucket drove almost 80% of the increase and was mostly due to higher material, conversion and energy costs. Cost savings and our hedging program helped to mitigate some of these cost pressures. As a COGS per hectoliter drivers included mix, which was about 20% of the increase. This is largely due to the impact of factored brands in the UK as well as premiumization. And while premiumization is a negative for COGS, it’s a positive for gross margin per hectoliter. Deleverage had a negligible impact on COGS per hectoliter in the quarter. Now let’s look at our quarterly results by business units. In the Americas, net sales revenue was up 6.5% and underlying pretax income grew 37.7%. Americas net sales per hectoliter increased 7.1%, largely benefiting from strong net pricing growth as well as favorable brand and geographic mix. The strong net pricing growth included benefits from higher than typical U.S. and Canada pricing in 2022. As a reminder, in the U.S. in 2022, we took two pricing increases, a spring and a fall, each averaging approximately 5%. The spring increase was taken in January and the beginning of February, which was earlier in the first quarter than usual and the fall increased began in September 2022. Financial volume declined 0.5% and this was due to industry softness as well as lower Latin American and contract brewing volumes. This was partially offset by 1% increase in U.S. domestic shipments to bring our distributor inventory levels primarily for our core brand to stronger position compared to a year ago. Brand volumes were down 1.5%. Looking at brand volume by region, the U.S. declined 1.2% on software industry performance and lower economy volume. There was also one more trading day in the quarter. So on a trading day adjusted basis, U.S. brand volume was down 2.8%. In Canada, brand volume increased 4.9% driven by growth in core brands and Latin, Omicronon-premise restrictions in the prior year period. In Latin America, brand volume was down 12.4%, largely due to industry softness in some of our major markets in the region. On the cost side, Americas underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 5.6%, while MG&A was flat. Turning to EMEA and APAC. Net sales revenue increased 16.1% and underlying pretax income increased 27.6%. Positive net pricing included the rollover benefits from increases taken in 2022. Favorable sales mix on continued premiumization fueled by the strength of brands like Madrí and positive geographic mix drove net sales per hectoliter growth of 15.1%. Financial volume grew 0.8% on the strength of our above premium portfolio and high effective brand volume. Brand volume declined 3.9%. Looking by market, brand volume grew in the UK, but this was more than offset by decline in our export and license business in markets impacted by the Russia war in Ukraine, which we exited in March 2022, as well as by declines in Central and Eastern Europe due to the impacts of inflationary pressures on the consumer. On the cost side, underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 15.2%. This is largely due to cost inflation related to materials, transportation and energy, as well as mix from premiumization and the impact of factored brands. Underlying free cash flow was a negative $174 million for the quarter, and this was an improvement of $185 million, primarily due to higher net income and lower cash capital expenditures. Turning to capital allocation, our priorities remain to invest in our business to drive top line growth and efficiencies, reduce net debt and return cash to holders. Capital expenditures paid were $181 million for the quarter. This was down $62 million and was due to the timing of capital projects. Capital expenditures continued to focus on our Golden brewery modernization and expanding our capabilities in areas that drive efficiencies and savings, and variety of factors that Gavin mentioned earlier. We ended the quarter with net debt of $6.3 billion, which is essentially all at fixed rate. Our exposure to floating rate debt is limited to our commercial paper and revolving credit facilities, which has zero balances outstanding at quarter end. Our net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio was just under 3x, and we remain committed to maintaining any time improving our investment grade rating and strive towards a longer-term leverage ratio target of approximately 2.5x. And we return cash to our shareholders with a quarterly cash dividend of $0.41 per share. The dividend represents an increase of 8% from the fourth quarter 2022 level. It is our second increase since we reinstated the dividend in 2021 and it aligns with our intention to sustainably increase the dividend. Now let’s discuss our outlook. But first please recall that we cite year-over-year growth rates in constant currency and when considering the first quarter in relation to our full year, remember the first quarter is our smallest quarter. So percentage changes in the first quarter are off much smaller basis. Onto our guidance. We are reaffirming our 2023 guidance, which includes low single digit growth for both net sales revenue and underlying pre-tax income and underlying free cash flow of $1 billion plus or minus 10%. This guidance anticipates full year growth despite softness in the beer industry, caution around the consumer and impacts of continued global inflationary cost pressures. As we discussed on our fourth quarter call, our underlying assumptions assume that top line growth is more rates than volume driven, as we continue to benefit from the strong global net pricing that we took in 2022 as well as benefits from portfolio premiumization. Keep in mind that due to the timing of our 2022 U.S. pricing increases, we had a disproportionate benefit in the first quarter of this year. And while it’s early, we don’t anticipate taking another potential general increase in the U.S. until the fall of this year at which point it is possible we could see pricing return to its more historical levels of 1% to 2%. In terms of financial volume, recall that we have a headwind as a large contract brewing agreement begins to wind down ahead of its termination at the end of 2024. We expect significant volume declines under this contract in the second half of the year with acceleration in the fourth quarter. And as I previously mentioned, we posted stronger U.S. distributor inventory levels at the end of the first quarter versus the prior year with U.S. shipment trends roughly four percentage points ahead of trading day adjusted brand volumes. We expect this inventory bolt will unwind in the subsequent quarter as we maintain our goal to ship to consumption for the year. In terms of cost, we expect the impact of inflation on COGS to remain elevated in the second quarter before moderating in the second half of the year. And we continue to expect it’ll be a headwind for the year. However, utilizing our leaders, which include pricing, ongoing cost savings efforts, our hedging program and continued premiumization, we expect gross margin dollars per hectolitre to increase for the full year in both business units. We also expect to continue to strongly support our core brands and key innovations, particularly in the key beer selling season. As a result, we plan to increase marketing dollar investments in 2023 versus the prior year. In closing, we are pleased with our first quarter performance and our ability to manage the dynamic macro environment. With a strong portfolio of brands across all price segments and the financial flexibility that enables us to continue to invest prudently in our business, we are confident in our ability to sustainably deliver growth in full year 2023 and beyond. With that, we look forward to answering your question. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you. Good morning. So I had a question on your guidance. So given the strength you saw in Q1 and then the share gains you’re seeing maybe in the last few weeks from Bud Light pressures, your guidance feels pretty conservative, especially on pre-tax income with your guidance implying probably a low single digit decline for the remain of the year. So I guess, I’m trying to understand the drivers of this and maybe if you’re assuming some of these short-term gains you’re seeing won’t necessarily be sustainable? Or are you now planning on stepping up reinvestments possibly not letting any of the incremental top line strengths flow to the bottom line. So any color on that would be helpful. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie. Good morning. Yes, you’re right. Look, we did have a really strong performance in Q1 and we are really pleased about that. But it is a small quarter for us and many of the drivers that we saw in the first quarter we were expecting. There’s obviously a lot of uncertainty out there from a macroeconomic environment and how that might impact or not impact the consumer base. And frankly, we haven’t even got to the peak setting season yet. The other point I would make is that we haven’t factored any of the trends that we’ve seen in April into our guidance. We really and I’m sure nobody has any idea how long these are going to continue, so they’re not factored into our guidance at this point. So yes, we didn’t raise our guidance at this time for those reasons.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. You may proceed.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone and congrats on the strong results here. Gavin, just to come back maybe just to spend a moment on this. So it sounds like, and specifically the issue with your key competitor, because I kind of feel like it’s the elephant in the room here. So just to be clear, there’s nothing embedded in your guidance, April clearly off to a really strong start. How do you see this sort of playing out? I know it’s a difficult question to answer, but based on your long history in the industry, I know there’s sort of uniqueness to this. How do you potentially see this playing out? And you may have not embedded some of the favorable trends we’ve seen in April. Is there sort of cushion in your guidance to contemplate what will likely be sort of a step up in investment, maybe across, whether you’re talking price, whether you’re talking advertising and marketing from your key competitors, they would naturally attempt to sort of stabilize trends. So maybe just a little bit more time on this in terms of how you’re contemplating it, I think would be a great interest to folks. So thank you very much.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin. Yes, just a couple maybe additional points to that. Obviously, our focus right now is on our brands completely and not looking at what our competitors are doing. I’m particularly proud of the work that we’ve done over the last three years because we’ve built our brands very deliberately. And Kevin, we’re seeing progress across our portfolio as a result of that. And that tells us that our strategy is working. So, no matter what happens with our competitors, we are going to continue to make the right decisions for our brands and the long-term health of our brands. As I said to you, we haven’t factored in the current situation into the guidance – holding our guidance where it is. Honestly, we can’t say how long the current situation is going to last. And our focus is going to stay on our brands. Our guidance did contemplate previously an increase in our marketing spend in the – particularly in the summer part of the year as we head into Memorial Day and after that as we go into 4th of July, our guidance did include supporting our brands in a meaningful way. And I guess that’s about all I can say on that at this point, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivien Azer from TD Cowen. You may proceed.
Victor Ma: Hi. This is Victor Ma on for Vivien Azer, and thank you for the question. While it’s hard to know how durable the faster growth in April will prove to be, can you speak to the flexibility in your supply chain to accommodate outsize consumer demand for Coors Light and Miller in the U.S.?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks, Victor. Thanks for that question. Yes, certainly I can do that. And I’ll do that by saying that, we came into this year with inventories in really good shape and that was the good starting point. And then as Tracey said in her remarks, we shipped ahead of consumption in the first quarter as well. So we came out of Q1 in good shape from an inventory point of view, our inventories were healthy and our inventories have remained stable in the last four weeks. So we are keeping up with the demand that we’re seeing certainly in April. Many of the changes that we made over the last year or so and decisions that we’ve made put us in a much better position from a supply chain point of view than we have been for quite some time. And if you remember our economy skew rationalization, we expanded our supplier base and that’s just allowed us to be much more nimble from an overall business point of view. And as a result, we have improved our ability to react to potential sharp changes in supply. So thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Gavin, you spoke a little bit on the demand in April. So how can you kind of think about all these forces and you’re correct, and I think it’s prudent, not just assume that this is going to continue in history of brands having those points, right? I wouldn’t say how resonates or how it would change the consumer perception of a specific brand. But thinking of what you described as the package dynamics that happen in the U.S., how does that – how can you kind of shift a little bit of your price pack architecture going into the summer? And if any changes you were envisioning? And have you seen, conversely, as you pointed out, the most consumers actually looking for more value also in the bigger packs? Are you seeing on trade some decceleration that we saw at the end of March, I think in the data? Are you seeing that happening through as the weather in some places is still challenging or the places that the weather got better? You’ve seen that shift back to on-premise. So can you talk about those dynamics and how are you seeing that play out in your guide? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. Look from an overall industry point of view and your questions directed more at the U.S., so I’ll keep my comments there. We had a number of dynamics that played out in the first quarter. In January it was certainly positive for us because we were cycling Omicron, which certainly benefited the on-premise volume trend versus the prior year. But in March we did see on-premise trends slow a little bit, didn’t provide us the offset to – the off-premise performance, which remained reasonably softer in the quarter, mostly because of what was happening out in the Pacific region and specifically California. That was the biggest geographic driver of industry softening frankly, Andrea, at least in part, probably mostly due to the weather situation at that part of the world. From our point of view, we did perform ahead of the industry in the Pacific region and California, and we gain share in California, which we are particularly pleased about. And when you couple all of that with the current macroeconomic environment and the fact that we haven’t built any of this current trend change into our guidance, it’s just left us a bit cautious in the short-term. But very confident that our portfolio, the work that we’ve done over the last three years has strategically positioned us to navigate the dynamic environment that we’re seeing. So thanks for that question.
Andrea Teixeira: That’s super helpful. Yes, super helpful. Can you talk then the same similar view on Europe?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, sure. So in Europe from a UK point of view, the consumers remained, frankly, remarkably resilient. And so we haven’t seen much degradation in consumer behavior in the UK. And certainly from a sales revenue point of view, our on-premise trends are above what they were in 2019. A little different in Central and Eastern Europe, I mean, the consumer there is less discretionary disposable income and with the inflation being where it is and particularly in consumer durables – sorry, not durables, fast moving consumer goods we’ve seen more of an impact in Central and Eastern Europe than we have in the UK. In Canada, we saw a similar trend as we did in the U.S., excluding the – obviously, the California situation. And we were very pleased with the fact that our volumes in Canada were up, 4.9%. So thanks for that, Andrea.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. You may proceed.
Rob Ottenstein: Great, thank you very much. Gavin, the beer industry is very high fixed costs. So any kind of increase in volumes, you get a lot of operating leverage from that. And given that your supply chain sounds in great shape and the ability to meet increased demand seems very solid at least for a short period of time, who knows how long you will have some windfall in terms of profitability. How – and it's kind of in the books already, right, for April. So how should we think about you spending that money? Would you step up marketing even more? Do you brought – bring it to the bottom line? Do you think about different capital allocation? Just trying to get a sense of how you're thinking about spinning that windfall.
Gavin Hattersley: Robert, you're right. I mean our supply chain is in much better shape than it was several years ago. And as I said, they've done a brilliant job of meeting demand as we've gone along. And you're right, the more volume you get through your breweries, the more fixed cost deleverage or the opposite of that comes into play. But as I said earlier, none of this – what's happening in April is any of our guidance going forward as we assess it and see what happens and see how sustaining it is. We always were going to increase our marketing spend as we headed into summer and Memorial Day and into 4th of July, in fact, for the whole of summer. So we feel that we have really strong plans for summer behind all of our core brands, whether they here in the United States or up in Canada or across the Asian. So we'll continue to spend what we think is right behind our brands. If we saw an opportunity, we could change that obviously, but that's factored into our guidance as we got it now.
Rob Ottenstein: So would we – should we expect that perhaps given the momentum that you have in the market, you would look to take advantage of that and perhaps pick up spending in marketing, while you have the wind behind your back?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, Robert, as you're kind of implying where our focus is and our focus remains on our brands and not really focused on what the competitors are doing. And as I said, we've built our brands very deliberately over the last three years, and we've made great progress on our portfolio. I think our portfolio, particularly our core portfolio is really great spot from an overall health point of view. The momentum we saw in our core brands coming out of 2022 continued into the first quarter. And we believe we're set up for a really strong summer regardless of what's happening in the broader environment. And our marketing plans and support plans from a sales execution point of view, we're designed to support that brand strength before all this happened.
Rob Ottenstein: Okay, thank you very much, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Robert.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks operator and good morning, Gavin and Tracey. I actually had two quick questions, if you will. The first one is just in the first quarter in the U.S., the shipping ahead of consumption, is that really more just kind of getting back to a normal seasonality, right. You try to build some inventory in the shoulder seasons to have enough in the peak. So with the supply chain normalizing, is that really kind of what – why you would have shipped ahead in the first quarter? And then I have a follow-up.
Gavin Hattersley: Bryan, look, I mean, frankly, we're living in such uncertain volatile times that it has been our practice when we can to make sure that we're at the top end of where we would like our inventory to be. And so that's how we felt coming out of 2022, and that's why we were where we were at the end of the first quarter. It feels like over the last three years, there's always been something, right. And so we wanted to make sure that we had our inventories at the right level to make sure that our out of stocks were as low as we can possibly have them. And so that was the position we found ourselves coming out of Q1, higher inventory than we perhaps would have been in previous years because build for someone normally takes place in April and through into May. So it was – we're in a good place from an inventory point of view at the moment, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then just a quick one on MG&A. It was a little bit lower than what we were expecting in the first quarter. And I think Tracey, in your remarks, you talked about more of the spend in the middle of the year. So I just wanted to make sure that that was – there wasn't anything unusual in the first quarter and what we're seeing is just sort of the anticipation or the expectation that you'll have more marketing spend in the middle of the year?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So MG&A was flat. If you have a look at the marketing spend, in particular, as Gavin said, we've always planned to spend more marketing dollars in 2023. In Q1, we obviously did put a lot of investment around our Super Bowl ad, but we spent that money very wisely. We went into two, three weeks before Super Bowl, talking about our Miller Lite and Coors Light brands. And so there was a big price tag, but we were able to spend less and actually delivered more. In fact, we had over 60% increase in impressions across our three key brands in January and February versus the prior year. But also just to remind you that last year in Q1, we had the big launch of Topo Chico Hard Seltzer. And so there was a big spend that we were lapping from last year.
Bryan Spillane: All right, that’s helpful. Thanks Tracey. Thanks Gavin.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed.
Steve Powers: Thanks. Good morning. Just going back to the supply chain, I guess, should these share shifts prove to be structural and the trends continue or even extend? I guess, I just want to go back to it and think about over the course of the summer, is there any risk that you can't keep up if these trends continue all the way through the peak selling season and that we hit inventories and potential for out of stocks over the summer? I just want to kind of sanity check that. And then on the volume leverage that you're getting, again, assuming these trends continue, is there a tipping point where the positive leverage and the economies of scale through the course of your factories and supply chain become sort of too much to handle and you start to get into this economies of scale trying to keep up with much faster than expected volumes. Just want to think that through as we think about the remainder of the year. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Steve. Look, to answer your second question first, no, there isn't. So the benefit of spreading our fixed costs across a larger volume set doesn't have a reduction as things move forward. So I wouldn't factor that in any way. From an overall capacity point of view, it's a little bit of a hypothetical question, right, because it's hard to predict how big or how long these current trends are going to continue. I would just tell you that in terms of where we’re positioned, we’re as good as we could have been. And obviously, we weren’t planning for this, but as I said, we had great inventories coming out of the year. Our distributors were very supportive in building inventories towards the back end of the year. And we’ve kept up that momentum in the first quarter. So we’re positioned as well as we could be from a supply point of view. So we’ll just have to see how that plays out. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nadine Sarwat of Bernstein. You may proceed.
Nadine Sarwat: Hi, good morning, everybody. Two questions for me. So first, do you anticipate that the recent share shifts between you and your biggest U.S. competitors have any longer-term implications on share of shelf space perhaps in your favor? And then second question, we’re obviously all seeing the scanner data very strong for April, but could you provide any commentary or feedback from what you’re getting from distributors and retailers right now on the ground in terms of changes in consumer preferences? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine. Look, from a consumer point of view and from a distributor point of view, I – frankly, I don’t think anybody can say how long the situation is going to last. And that’s why our focus is squarely on our brands and taking advantage of the momentum that we created coming out of 2022 and also out of the first quarter. In terms of spring resets, look, the retailers only make meaningful changes to their resets coming into the spring, and then they do minor ones in the fall. Most of the retail chains have finished their sets and have actually begun the resets process. And as you can expect, there was a bigger growth in shelf space going to RTDs coming directly from FABs and seltzers with some reduction in shelf space for craft, and craft changes seemed to be very dependent on retail strategy and it’s not consistent across retailers. We have seen a significant growth in space for imports and premium lights and super premium is growing, but to a lesser extent, we don’t have a complete picture of all the research that have taken place, but where we do have a read, we’re growing both distribution and we’re growing physical space. And frankly, we’ve seen growth – strong growth in distribution and space due to innovation, but we’re also growing space in the core of our portfolio as well. So the biggest opportunity for us to gain additional retail space aligns really well with the category segment trends we’re seeing in seltzers and craft. And we are feeling really good about our biggest bets in innovation for 2023 like Simply Spiked.
Nadine Sarwat: Got it. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. You may proceed.
Chris Carey: Hi. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Hi, Chris.
Tracey Joubert: Hi, Chris.
Chris Carey: So Tracey, I think you mentioned that built into plans were for a price increase in the U.S. that would probably be more in line with your typical pricing strategies in the market. I think one of the concerns that are out there with the competitive activity from this Bud Light Sagas effectively, what does [indiscernible] do right? And a price cut is something that I think many are contemplating. And so I guess in the context of you’re going to be increasing marketing spending through this year, which makes total sense. Can you just maybe frame how you would be thinking about that that fall price increase, should there be a broader price competition within beer? Perhaps, just over delivery on volume gives you enough flexibility to work through that if you didn’t want a price. But maybe just any thoughts on your sensitivity to that, that fall price increase and how firm you view it. Thanks so much.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Chris. Look, I mean I’ll make the point upfront that we are not seeing competitive moves from a promotional point of view to the degree that you may have seen – been reported, it certainly isn’t a full market thing. It’s not a full portfolio thing and certainly not half of last year’s full GI, we have seen some increase in brewer funded levels, but hard to say where that’s all going. But certainly it’s not as widespread as you may have read in the media. We continue to do pricing as we’ve always done it, right, which is on a brand by brand, market by market basis. We’re holding steady on what we said on our last earnings call that obviously we’ve cycled through the spring price increases from last year and we’ve now got the full price increase we put through last year, which was in the sort of 5% to 6% range holding steady through this coming fall. And we still continue to believe that the full price increases will revert back to more historical levels in that sort of 1% to 2% range. But obviously there’s plenty of time between now and when we have to make a decision on that to determine exactly what we’ll do for a pricing point of view for our brand portfolio. Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. You may proceed.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I had two questions. The first was just knowing that you said the recent shared momentum that you’ve seen in recent weeks is not included in the guidance and who knows what happens from here. But I was just curious how to think about that in the context of the four point spread between brand volume and financial volume in the U.S. or four-ish. So the thought was what it is in guidance is it kind of takes all year or through the year that you work through that. Should the recent market share dynamics hold in the volume trends that we see in Nielsen, would that gap be closed sooner? Would that be something that – yes, that, that we should just think about in closing more quickly? So that was kind of question one. And the second was on the contract manufacturing exit, I think and I know you’ve spoken to it before, but in a not quite as specific fashion, and I think the language previously or at least as we’d heard, it was a gradual sort of wind down until the contract terminates, but now you’re speaking to an accelerating and significant pressure from that in the back half. So I was just wondering, and more so in the fourth quarter, if you could put any kind of quantification around that because that might also help with tying in some of the decision to hold the line on guidance despite such a significant outperformance in Q1. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Lauren. Tracey, you’ll take the second question, but from an overarching point of view, Lauren, as I said, we haven’t built in any of the current trends into our guidance reiteration, right? Obviously, it’s too soon to tell where this is all going to go. And point you towards Tracey’s comments where she said, our plan is always to try and ship two consumption for the full year. So as I – as we said, we over shipped in first quarter very deliberately to make sure that, that we could weather any unexpected issues, which may rear their head through summer. And our inventory levels have remained pretty steady through the whole month of April. So our supply chain has been able to meet the increased demand that are of – you can obviously see through the publicly available channel and scan data. And so that’s about all the color I can add for you is as it relates to shipments for the year and then contract brewing choice.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So again, I – yes, I can’t quantify this because it is with a contract brewing partner Lauren, but it is a large contract brewing agreement. It does wind down at the end of 2024. We do expect based on forecasts, et cetera, that we do receive to see a significant decline in volumes related to this in the second half of the year and as I mentioned, accelerating in Q4. So other than being able to quantify, which we can’t, that’s about as much color as I can add to that.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Filippo Falorni with Citi. You may proceed.
Filippo Falorni: Hey, good morning guys.
Tracey Joubert: Good morning.
Filippo Falorni: Question on – good morning. Just question on, again, the pricing that you are assuming in the balance of the year. I know obviously you mentioned the competitive dynamics, you haven’t really seen anything yet, but do you see a need maybe for the beer industry to step up a big promotional activity to reflect some of the trade down or signs of more consumers looking for more value? How do you see that evolving in the balance of the year? And in bigger picture, obviously, we talked a lot about market share dynamics within the beer industry, but what are your expectations for the entire industry growth for 2023? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Filippo. So a couple of things in there. From a pricing point of view, not – I can’t really add much more than what I’ve already said other than that we don’t approach pricing on a one size fits all. We certainly look at by brand, by pack and by market very specifically. And we will continue to do that. And I think we’ve been pretty effective at that. From a – as Tracey said, from an overall point of view, our assumptions for the full year is that top line growth is going to come more from rate than volume. It’s – as I said, there’s a lot of uncertainty from a macro environment point of view and what impact that may or may not have on the consumer. We are still seeing premiumization, though, albeit at a slower pace. We’re not observing significant segment trade down. We’re seeing the value that segment trends are stabilizing. And as for consumers, we continue to see trips and dollars being up primarily due to that pricing, buyers and units down, which is obviously impacting overall industry volumes. And as I said, consumers continue to make tradeoffs as they look for value with shifts into the larger packs and into the singles away from midsize packs. And we build all of that into how we think about pricing of our various brands and packs. Thanks, Filippo.
Filippo Falorni: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Eric Serotta with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Gavin Hattersley: Eric?
Operator: Eric, your line is now open.
Gavin Hattersley: Maybe Eric had this question answered already.
Eric Serotta: Sorry about that. I was on mute there. I was on mute there. Yes, most of my questions have been answered, but one for you. You previously had $1 billion revenue target for your emerging growth unit with the reorganization, my understanding is that business unit doesn’t really exist anymore or doesn’t exist anymore. So wondering how you’re thinking about growth prospects for the brands that used to be part of that unit. I understand if you can’t fully reconcile it exactly, but how are you thinking about growth for that portfolio with the progress that we’ve seen to date and the reorganization?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Eric. Look, I mean – you’re right. I mean, we don’t have an emerging growth division anymore, so the $1 billion goal is no longer applicable. But the changes to the all structure that we’ve made here in the Americas is completely designed to support accelerating future growth. We’re going to have more aligned priorities, we’re going to have more aligned leadership. The collaboration between sales and marketing is going to be much more. And it allows us to have more scale in Beyond Beer. And it does allow us to accelerate and have more aligned capabilities to examples of that would be innovation and then obviously digital. And all of that is in support of our Beyond Beer initiatives as well as obviously our core brands. With total Beyond Beer coming together, because they were sort of housed in different houses, like Topo Chico Spirited and expanded relationships with Coca-Cola with Peace Hard Tea, full spirit strength, full strength spirits like Five Trail and Barmen and Nelk with brands like ZOA. All of the activity that now fits into this one big house is designed to drive that even faster. And we’re seeing that with simply, we’re seeing that with Zoa, we’re seeing that with our full strength spirits. So we’re only about 45 days into the new structure, but the benefits that are already becoming really clear. So I’m very pleased with the sort of first month or two of our new process. So thanks for that question, Eric.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Peter Grom of UBS. You may proceed.
Peter Grom: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone. So, Tracey, I appreciate the commentary on inflation and I know you still expect gross margin per hectoliter to increase. But when you look at your kind of inflation basket today versus earlier in the year, has anything materially changed? Is it broadly similar? And then just given the strong starts of the year, how should we think about the phasing of gross margin more on a year-over-year basis, particularly as inflation moderates. Thanks.
Tracey Joubert: Okay. So thanks for that, Peter. So the inflation and that gets all are pretty similar. It’s driven by our brewing and packaging materials, some brewery inflation. But also what’s a little bit different is the premiumization, especially coming out of EMEA and APAC. So as we drive our portfolio premiumization, it does come at a higher COGS, although as I said, it comes at higher margins as well. So with the performance we saw in UK driven by the on-premise performance and the portfolio premiumization, we did have a higher COGS in Q1. But as we look at the balance of the year, we’ve got a good line of sight to our COGS based on our hedging programs, contract passes and as well as our expected cost savings. And so that helps us to moderate some of the inflation increases we see. And that’s why we – with this good line of thought, we are able to look at the COGS moderating or least the inflation moderating in the back half of the year. So I mean, I think that there’s nothing significantly different other than maybe the premiumization.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Thank you. The final question will be from the line of Gerald Pascarelli with Wedbush Securities. You may proceed.
Gerald Pascarelli: Hi, good morning. Thanks very much for the question. Just on simply spikes, it’s obviously been incremental to your top line growth and you’re going to come up on cycling your national launch in June. So how do you think about cycling these distribution gains that you’ve been achieving? And then going back to shelf resets, do you think the fact that we likely see less shelf space allocated to Hard Seltzer. Does that help to mitigate the potential impact you may see in the back half of the year due to better product placement? Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Gerald. Look, I mean from a U.S. point of view, very pleased with the performance of Topo Chico and Vizzy. Topo Chico is on track to be the number three hard seltzer. Because number four coming out of the first quarter. Simply sparked has just been, as you say, a massive success since we launched it in summer of 2022. And frankly, it caught us a little bit by surprise, and we weren’t able to meet all of the demand that existed. And with the work that our supply chain team have done to in-house that and with a variety packet coming online now in May, we feel very confident that we’re going be able to meet the elevated demand. So although, we’re going up against strong comps, in many respects, there could have been even stronger, and that’s what we’re going to take advantage of. We’ve also got Simply Spiked Peach, which has just launched, which has been – I mean, it’s really early days, but it’s been amazingly successful so far. We’ve just launched Simply Spiked in Canada, very late in Q1, so really had no impact on our Q1 performance up in Canada. But it’s off to a really strong start with some of our key retailers. So we are feeling really good about our position from a full flavor and flavor point of view, which is how we’re looking at it right now. So thanks for that question.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A session for the call this morning. I would like to turn the call back over to Greg Tierney for concluding remarks.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, operator. I know there may have been additional questions that we weren’t able to answer today, so please follow-up with our Investor Relations team in the days and weeks that come and we look forward to talking with many of you as the year progresses. Thanks so much and thanks everybody for participating in today’s call. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of Molson Coors website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. With that, I’ll hand over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, operator, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks today from Gavin and Tracey, we will take your questions. In an effort to address as many questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have technical questions on the quarter, please pick them up with our IR team in the days and the weeks that follow. Today’s discussion includes forward-looking statements. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the Company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period in U.S. dollars and in constant currency when discussing percentage changes from the prior year period. Also, in order to better align with GAAP reported metrics in our filings and simplify reporting, references to net sales per hectoliter will now be on a financial volume basis, instead of on a brand volume basis. Further, in our remarks today, we will reference underlying pre-tax income, which equates to underlying income before income taxes on the condensed, consolidated statements of operations. With that, over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg and thank you all for joining us this morning. I’m very pleased to tell you that three years after launching our Revitalization Plan to turnaround this business, and three years after pledging to deliver top and bottom-line growth, we have done exactly that. We grew the top-line by 7%. We grew the bottom-line by almost 8%. We brought our leverage ratio under 3 times. We stuck to our strategy and our plans and we delivered despite the fact that many people didn’t think we could. To be sure, there’s been a lot of ups and downs in the past three years. But through it all, achieving consistent top and bottom-line growth has been our North Star. And we are well on the road to doing just that. And many questioned our ability to execute this plan. So, I want to take a couple of minutes to break down how we arrived at this moment. First, we streamlined our business in 2019 and early 2020 to drive significant savings. Second, we built on the strength of our core brands for the past three plus years. The results, Coors Light and Miller Lite revenues are both well above 2019 levels in the United States. Collectively, Coors Light and Miller Lite grew both U.S. volume and dollar share in the fourth quarter. They even combined to outperform the combination of Michelob Ultra and Bud Light in U.S. volume share performance for the fourth quarter. And in the fourth quarter Coors Light and Miller Lite’s combined volume share exceeded Bud Light in tracked channels. And in Canada, we’re also seeing strength as Molson Canadian grew revenue and industry share in 2022. In the UK, Carling continues to be the number one brand in the market. These trends didn’t just suddenly appear. They’re the result of consistent brand messaging, and more effective brand investment. Thirdly, we have aggressively premiumized our portfolio. Today, over 28% of our global net sales revenue now comes from our above premium portfolio, up from 23% in 2019. Our U.S. above premium portfolio gained the second most dollar share of all major U.S. brewers in 2022. And while our seltzer portfolio, of course, was a contributor, our progress is driven by more than just seltzer. Peroni’s 2022 revenues were up double digits in the U.S. compared to 2019 levels, even though the brand skews heavily to the on-premise. Blue Moon’s 2022 U.S. revenues were also higher compared to 2019, aided by the successful launch of Blue Moon LightSky. Simply Spiked, which we introduced last summer, quickly became the fastest growing new innovation in the U.S. FAB category. In Canada, our craft division grew brand volume double digits in 2022. And we have the only hard seltzer portfolio gaining industry share in that market. But the standout star of our global portfolio continues to be Madrí Excepcional in the UK. I really want you to understand the tremendous growth of this brand and its size today. In less than two years it has become one of our top five above premium brands globally. Fourthly, we expanded beyond beer, where we have laid solid foundations in energy drinks and full strength spirits, which are totally new spaces for us. ZOA continued to grow very strongly. Brand volumes were up triple digits in both the fourth quarter and the full year, with trend acceleration in the quarter. Our first full strength spirit Five Trail is enjoying expanded distribution to more states and select international markets. And building on the continued success of Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, we are expanding our partnership with the Coca-Cola Company to release Topo Chico Spirited this spring to compete in the fast-growing ready-to-drink cocktail space. And finally, we have invested in our future. We’ve added brewery capabilities throughout our network, completing the build of two new state-of-the-art modern breweries in Canada, adding hard seltzer and slim can production capabilities and building a new variety packing facility in Texas. And we’re in the midst of a large-scale modernization of our Golden Colorado brewery, which supports improved efficiencies and helps us deliver our sustainability goals. This work shows our 2022 results aren’t an aberration or a moment in time. Our top and bottom line growth is the product of three years of hard work under our Revitalization Plan. We are proving this company can grow profitably, and we intend to continue demonstrating that in the years ahead. Of course, we expect various ups and downs over the next few years. And just like many other consumer goods companies that have reported this year, we see reasons for caution about the consumer landscape in the immediate term, not just for beer, but for consumer goods more broadly. Beer has traditionally been very resilient during tough economic times. Yet it is true that U.S. industry-wide beer volumes fell at a much higher rate in the fourth quarter than they had earlier in the year. Much of this has been attributed to most of the beer industry taking a second price increase in the calendar year. And yet beer as a category has maintained its share of basket at retail. So consumers are not reducing beer purchasing in favor of other staples. Additionally, Beer actually gained share of total alcohol beverage in the quarter. So, consumers are not switching to other alcohol beverages. And in fact, notwithstanding the comments made by a large upstream supplier, we see the pricing taken in 2022 still sticking across our markets earlier this year. So, if pricing were the driving reason behind the softer industry trends, we would have expected it to adversely impact the beer industry relative to other consumer staples or other alcohol beverage categories, and we haven’t seen that. But what we have seen is a subset of value-conscious U.S. consumers who are actively trading down into smaller pack sizes. We have also seen the economy segment continue to strengthen. The uncertainty these broad consumer trends that all companies are facing in 2023 are a driving factor in our more modest guidance for this upcoming year, despite our relatively more optimistic outlook for the medium term where we anticipate delivering higher top and bottom line growth rates than we expect in 2023. At the same time, we expect to see margin improvement over the medium term. This is supported by our goal for our above-premium portfolio to reach approximately one-third of our global net sales revenue over the medium term. So, even in this challenging and uncertain economic climate, we expect to deliver against the North Star of our Revitalization Plan by achieving top and bottom line growth at Molson Coors with margin improvement on a consistent long-term basis. Our portfolio is strategically built for strength across the range of pricing tiers within the beer industry. That gives us greater stability than some of our competitors in any economic climate. But some of that is a reflection of the simple fact that Molson Coors’ revenue and profit trajectories are stronger than they have been in years, and our business is healthier today. We are a much leaner business than we were in 2019. We have powerful core brands across our global markets that are seeing renewed strength. We are premiumizing our portfolio with strong innovations around the world. We are diversifying our offerings to consumers. We’re building the capabilities today that will power this business tomorrow. We’re investing in our people. And for the first time in a while, we are delivering real results. Thanks to the work of thousands of people around the world. That’s the story of Molson Coors today, and that’s what you should all expect from us consistently over the long term as well. Now to give you more detail on the financials and outlook, I’ll hand it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Tracey Joubert. Tracy?
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. In 2022, on a constant currency basis, we grew net sales revenue 7%, exceeding our guidance and underlying pretax income 7.6%, delivering our guidance. This performance resulted in record underlying pretax income levels for a fourth quarter, which many questioned we could achieve. But we delivered with underlying pretax income up 51.1%. We did this despite the challenging global macroeconomic environment and a softer beer industry all while continuing to invest in our business and enhancing our financial flexibility and returning cash to shareholders. Now, before I take you through our results and outlook, as a reminder, we discussed our business performance on a constant currency basis. However, currency impact from the strong U.S. dollar did have a meaningful impact on our top line and resulted in a net sales revenue headwind to reported results of $89 million in the fourth quarter and $298 million for the year. Now let’s talk about some of the drivers of the fourth quarter performance. Our ability to take strong global net pricing and deliver positive sales mix across both business units led to 11.4% net sales per hectoliter growth. Financial volumes declined 6.9%. The biggest drivers were lower brand volumes in the Americas given the industry softness as well as cycling a significant prior year distributor inventory build in the U.S. Conversely, EMEA and APAC financial volumes increased, resulting from a fairly resilient consumer in the UK and cycling Omicron-related restrictions in the prior year period. Turning to costs. As expected, inflationary pressures continued to be a headwind in the quarter, driving underlying COGS per hectoliter up 11.5%. As you can see from the slide, we bucket costs into three areas: cost inflation/other, which includes cost inflation, depreciation, cost savings and other items; mix; and deleverage. The cost inflation bucket drove approximately two-thirds of the increase and was mostly due to higher materials, energy and transportation costs. Cost savings provided some offset, and we are pleased to report that we completed another successful cost savings program, delivering over the $600 million in targeted savings from 2020 to 2022. Now, we also have an extensive hedging program, and it has helped to mitigate some of these cost pressures. But remember, certain costs like freight and raw material conversion costs and third-party manufacturing contracts cannot be hedged and are generally linked to inflationary indexes like PPI. And these costs can be material contributors to COGS. Other COGS per hectoliter drivers were mix and volume deleverage. Mix was about 20% of the increase, and it was largely due to premiumization. And while premiumization is a negative for COGS, it is a positive for gross margin per hectoliter. Turning to marketing. As planned, it was down for the quarter. That said, we continued to put strong commercial pressure behind our core brands and innovation. And the year-over-year comparison simply reflects the significantly higher spend in the prior year period when investments exceeded fourth quarter 2019 level. Now before I move on to our business unit performance, I wanted to call out two other items on our P&L in the quarter. We had a $15 million discrete tax benefit, which resulted in lower-than-anticipated underlying effective tax rate for the quarter and for the full year. We do not expect this to repeat. Also, we recorded an $845 million noncash partial impairment charge in Americas due to macroeconomic factors like rising interest rates and increased Cost inflation that reduced our future expected cash flows in the near to medium term. This charge was a result of our annual goodwill impairment review and is excluded from our underlying results. Now let’s look at our quarterly results by business units. In the Americas, net sales revenue was up 0.4%, while underlying pretax income grew 29.8%. Americas’ net sales per hectoliter increased 12.1%, benefiting from strong net pricing growth and favorable U.S. brand mix. Financial volumes declined 10.5%. This was a result of lower brand volumes, which were down 6.6%. They were also down due to cycling significant distributor inventory builds in the U.S. in the prior year period, which we discussed last quarter. Taking a deeper look at brand volumes by region, the U.S. accounts 6.8%. Now, we had some timing items that impacted this performance. First, there was one less trading day in the quarter. So, on a trading day adjusted basis, U.S. brand volumes were down 5.4%. Additionally, as with any price increase, we experienced volume load in from the four price increase that shifted volume out of the fourth quarter. Looking at U.S. brand volume by price segment, our economy and premium portfolios were down high single digits on a non-trading day adjusted basis, despite industry share trend improvement in economy and industry share gains in premium. But our best premium brands grew in the quarter, up low single digits. In Canada, industry softness resulted in brand volume declines of 5%, and in Latin America, they were down 6.9%. On the cost side, Americas underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 11.4%, while MG&A decreased 12.6%. The drivers were similar to those discussed for the consolidated results. Turning to EMEA and APAC. Net sales revenue increased 20.3% and underlying pretax income increased 515% or over $23 million. Positive net pricing, favorable sales mix on record premiumization fueled by the strength of brands like Madrí and positive channel mix drove net sales per hectoliter growth of 14.9%. Financial volumes grew 4.7% on the strength of our above premium portfolio, including the benefits of cycling Omicron-related restrictions in the prior year period. Brand volumes declined 1%. While brand volumes grew in the UK and Central and Eastern Europe, they were more than offset by declines in our license and export business in markets impacted by the Russian war in Ukraine. On the cost side, underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 16.5%, this is largely due to cost inflation, mainly higher materials, transportation and energy costs as well as mix from premiumization. Now, let’s look at the full year. Net sales per hectoliter were up 9.3% on strong global net pricing and positive sales mix across both business units. Financial volumes declined 2.1%, essentially in line with brand volumes, which were down 2%. Financial volume declines were due to the Americas where brand volumes declined 3.3% on softer U.S. and Canada’s beer industry and also the Quebec labor strike that impacted the second and third quarters of 2022. Conversely, financial and brand volumes were up in the UK, given the resilience of the UK consumer in the quarter and cycling prior year on-premise restrictions. Turning to profitability. Underlying cost per hectoliter increased 11%. And when looking at our cost bucket, the biggest driver was cost inflation, which was over 60% of the increase and due to similar drivers as in the fourth quarter. And this was followed by mix, which contributed to nearly 30% of the increase. Notably, underlying COGS per hectare to increase varies significantly by business unit, with Americas up approximately 10%, and EMEA and APAC up to nearly 20%. [Ph] MG&A increased 3.7%. This was mainly due to higher people-related G&A costs. Marketing spend declined for the year, but we continued to invest strongly behind our core brands and key innovation. And in fact, marketing investments was up for the full year when excluding discontinued brands. We delivered underlying free cash flow of $853 million for the year. This was down $230 million, primarily due to unfavorable timing of working capital and higher cash capital expenditures, partially offset by lower cash taxes. Underlying free cash flow was below our guidance range, largely due to unfavorable movements in working capital compared to our initial expectations. We do not expect these working capital movements to impact us in 2023. Turning to capital allocation. Our priorities remain to invest in our business to drive top line growth and efficiencies, reduce net debt and return cash to shareholders. Capital expenditures paid were $661 million for the year, up $139 million as we continue to expand our capabilities, as Gavin discussed. We continued to improve the health of our balance sheet by reducing net debt by $562 million during the year. We ended the year with net debt of $6 billion, which is essentially all at fixed rate. Our exposure to floating rate debt is limited to our commercial paper and revolving credit facility, which had a zero balance outstanding as of year-end. We achieved our net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio guidance of under 3 times, coming in at 2.9 times at year-end. This is a dramatic improvement from the 4.8 times in 2016 at the time of the MillerCoors acquisition. We remain committed to maintaining anytime, improving our investment-grade rating and strive towards a longer-term leverage ratio target of approximately 2.5 times. And we continued our long history of returning cash to our shareholders with a quarterly cash dividend of $0.38 per share paid in the fourth quarter. And on February 20th, our Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.41 per share, an increase of 8%. This is our second increase since we reinstated the dividend in 2021, and it aligns with our intention to sustainably increase the dividend. Now, let’s discuss our outlook and recall that we provide year-over-year growth rate in constant currency. Our 2023 guidance anticipates continued growth despite softness in the beer industry and the impact of continued global inflationary cost pressures. We expect low-single-digit growth for both net sales revenue and underlying pretax income and underlying free cash flow of $1 billion, plus or minus 10%. Now, let me walk through some of the underlying assumptions. On the top line, we expect growth to be more rate than volume driven as we continue to benefit from the strong global net pricing that we took in 2022 as well as premiumization. As a reminder, in 2022 in the U.S., our largest market, we took an average 5% increase in the first quarter and another 5% beginning in September and into the fourth quarter. In terms of cost, we expect inflation to continue to be a headwind. But, with our ongoing cost savings efforts -- pricing and continued premiumization, we expect to grow gross margin per hectoliter in both business units. We also remain comfortable with our hedge commodities coverage in 2023. But again, there are certain costs, as I discussed, that cannot be hedged and can be material contributors to COGS. We also expect to continue to strongly support our core brands and key innovations and plan to increase marketing dollar investments in 2023 versus the prior year. As for our secondary guidance metrics, we expect capital expenditures incurred of $700 million, plus or minus 5%; underlying depreciation and amortization of $690 million, plus or minus 5%; net interest expense of $240 million, plus or minus 5%; and an underlying effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 23%. In closing, we are proud of our accomplishments in 2022, particularly amidst significant global inflationary pressures. We remain focused on continuing to navigate the dynamic macroeconomic environment. And we are pleased to have a strong portfolio of brands that play across all price segments and the financial flexibility that enables us to continue to invest prudently in our business to support long-term growth. With that, we look forward to answering your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi there. This is Patty Kanada [ph] on for Bonnie. Thanks for the questions. I just had a couple of them on your EMEA-APAC performance. Your financial volumes across the broader region were much better than expected. Could you break out for us how much of a tailwind the World Cup was? And any other benefits that may be one-off like the cycling of the on-premise restrictions you pointed out in terms of contribution? And then, hoping to dig a little bit more on what you’re seeing at the consumer level in Central and Eastern Europe, specifically given the pressures on demand that we were talking about last year. Did you say that volumes actually recovered in this region? And could you just give us an update on the consumer demand trends you’re seeing there? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks very much, and good morning. As far as EMEA and APAC is concerned, yes, I mean, they drove top line growth in the quarter. And yes, we did benefit from cycling Omicron-related on-premise restrictions, which we had in 2021. We benefited from strong pricing and mix as well. And our above premium portfolio reached record levels on the strength of big success brand like Madrí. But, the World Cup was a contributor, but it wasn’t frankly, as much as we had expected, for a couple of reasons. One is it was out of cycle. So, it’s normally played in the summer. And secondly, there were significant rail strikes in the UK around that time. And so not only did that mute consumer demand due to the World Cup, but it also muted the expected demand that we were hoping for as the Christmas -- holiday parties and spirit came through, which didn’t happen in 2021. Both of those things were less than what we had expected. Notwithstanding that, obviously, the performance in EMEA-APAC was substantially better than 2021 and nearly where we had hoped. As far as EMEA-APAC is concerned, look, the inflationary impacts that we’re facing are more notable in those markets. Obviously, there are specific conditions affecting Europe from Russia’s war in Ukraine. And there are challenges in the UK economy. There’s no doubt about that. So Central Eastern Europe remains a challenged market. But in the UK to date, market demand has been resilient, including demand for our -- for above premium brands.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Grom of UBS. Peter, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Bryan Adams [ph] on for Peter Grom. Congrats on an awesome quarter. So just thinking through the low single-digit top line growth that you guys outlined this morning, Tracey, you just talked through the rollover benefit from pricing in 2022 along with a broader effort to continue to shift towards above premium. I know you’re targeting a third of the portfolio now, and that should probably provide some positive mix. But just thinking through that low single digits for the year, how should we think about that broader breakdown between price mix and volume? Is it still going to be mostly a price-mix driven affair in ‘23? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. I mean, as Tracey said in her remarks, it’s going to be more rate than it’s going to be volume. Obviously, near term, consumer behavior and consumer impacts, as you can see in any consumer goods company is challenging. And so we’re a little cautious there from a volume perspective. So, more rate than volume for sure. And we’ve got the other thing going on in our top line our contract brewing, right? I mean, it’s well known that we’re exiting a large contract brewing arrangement, which is coming to an end. I think it’s the end of next year. And this year is a transition year. So it’s a decent chunk of that volume comes out. And that’s obviously carries a fair amount of NSR with it. Now, we are confident that it will take a lot of complexity out of our business and reduce our overall cost structure, and it’s just going to make us a whole lot more efficient. So, we’re in the transition year from that as well. So hopefully, that answers that, Bryan. [Ph]
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Kirk of ROTH MKM.
Bill Kirk: So my question is what is the right level of ad spend? Obviously, 4Q had the year-over-year ad declines. But you’re seeing some competitors increase their spending on their core brands. So, I guess the question is, do you need to adjust your marketing strategies from 2022 levels? How should we think about maybe the response to some of the extra marketing competitors are putting in the marketplace?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks for the question, Bill. Look, I mean, we’re very pleased with the strength of our marketing and the effectiveness of that marketing. And we invested strongly behind our core brands and key innovations, and we plan to continue to do that. I think it was in Tracey’s prepared remarks, not mine, that if you exclude discontinued brands, our marketing investments were actually up for the year. Marketing spend on our iconic core brands, in aggregate was also up for the year in constant currency. So, we think our marketing is working. We have made some changes to our approach from a marketing investment point of view. We’ve completely changed our approach to media to make sure that our dollars work really hard for us. We’ve now got more than 50% of our media spend in digital channels. And we’ve been leading the way in places like streaming videos. And we’re into podcasting and sports predictions and betting, as you saw from our latest Super Bowl program. We’ve also completely overhauled our approach to performance-based marketing to make sure that we get the absolute best return on ad spend and to maximize our effectiveness. So, I guess, Bill, that’s a long-winded way of saying, we’re making every single dollar work as hard for us as possible. As it relates to some of our competitors, I like where our brands are relative to our competitors. I like where they are from a health point of view, I like where they are from a share point of view. And I’m not -- yes, I mean, if you increase something 5 times of a relatively low base, it’s still a relatively low number. And as Tracey said, we’re going to continue to invest heavily behind our brands, and we are planning to increase our ad spend in 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira of JP Morgan.
Drew Levine: This is Drew Levine on for Andrea. Thank you for taking our question. I wanted to pick up on the discussion around the top line guidance for this year. Can you just clarify if you had additional pricing planned for 2023 given the consumer environment? And then, Gavin, obviously, kind of a tough end to year from a volume perspective and the industry. Can you just talk about what you’re seeing year-to-date and maybe how much conservatism do you think is baked into the guidance? Were you going kind of based off of the transecting 2022, or are you seeing something in the marketplace currently? I guess, that’s giving you some pause. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Okay. Drew, a lot going on there. Let me make sure I can catch all that. Let’s just stand back and look at what we did from a pricing environment or pricing point of view in 2022. We took a reasonably strong price increase in the spring of last year, and we took another strong price increase in the fall. In fact, it was at the higher end of the guidance that we put out there from a pricing point of view. The price elasticities that we saw in the spring GI were actually well below historical levels. I mean, it was still elasticity, but they were less than what we’d expected. And since our four price increases, which is really a couple of months of data, that is it has elevated a bit, but it’s still below historical levels. So, it’s only been a couple of months. We continue to keep a close eye on how consumers are reacting. The price promotion environment hasn’t elevated as I said in my remarks. And from a pricing point of view this year, well, we put large price increases, as you know, most of the country in the fall, but there were some markets where we didn’t take price in the fall. And so, in the spring of this year, you’ll see a few price increases there. It will be fairly localized, so not a broad sway. And I think as we look out to the balance of the year, I would expect our price increases in the fall to be closer to where they’ve been from a historical point of view. So, 1% to 2%. I think your other question was around volume and how we’re feeling about that. Well, obviously, the fourth quarter volume was down. From a consumer spend point of view, just like every other consumer goods company, we did see changed behavior from a consumer point of view. So that impacted our fourth quarter retail sales or brand volumes. There was also one less trading day in the fourth quarter, which we don’t adjust for in the reported results. So, that had a meaningful impact. And there was a little bit of pull forward from Q3 into -- from Q4 into Q3 is ahead of that big price increase. Year-to-date this year, I’m not going to give you a an absolute number because obviously, we’re not that far into the year, but I would tell you that our trading performance has improved from a volume perspective as we’ve gone through, which is not terribly dissimilar behavior than we saw after the spring price increase, where we saw some muted volume after that, and we saw muted volume after the fall increase and bouncing back. So, that’s -- that kind of summarizes for you. And I hope I captured all your questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. And congrats everyone on a good year. Two for me, if I could. Gavin, one just a comment you made on the longer-term outlook, wanted to drill down on that; and then Tracey, just on return of capital. So first one, Gavin, for you. I noted with interest your comment that you expect higher top and bottom line growth going forward relative to what the Company expects in 2023. I’d argue that’s not much to get on your share price, I guess, number one. Number two, does that imply mid-single-digit top line and EBT growth longer term? Maybe just sort of drill down, Gavin, if you wouldn’t mind a little bit on some of the optimism around the outlook. Also just sort of reconcile that with the impairment charge. We all get that it’s noncash. We understand that there’s a higher discount rate being used. But maybe just sort of reconcile those two things. And then, I have a follow-up for Tracey. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Okay, Kevin. Yes. So from a midterm guidance point of view, obviously, we look at the total basket of our P&L and look at what we expect from a pricing point of view, what we expect from our brand performance point of view as the plans and the additional ad spend that we’re putting in place in 2023, has an impact, our innovation pipeline, what’s happening with our brands in EMEA, APAC, Canada rebounding as we increase investment in Canada as well. And as the efficiency projects come through and a more normalized cost of goods sold environment in the out years. So, that gives us confidence to give medium-term guidance that is at a higher level than what we currently have for the near term, where I think things are a little bit more uncertain and there’s a little bit more caution around that. There was a second part of that question? How does the impairment? Well, you can handle the impairment, Tracey. Obviously, the interest rate environment had a meaningful role…
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So, Kevin, I’m sure you’re aware that the -- we’re required to do an annual impairment exercise. And it’s really a mathematical equation of future cash flow. The big driver, as you mentioned, the big input is the rise in the interest cost, and I think you’re seeing that everywhere, and then, the inflationary impact that we are seeing on our costs. But we remain optimistic about the growth outlook for our company, as Gavin mentioned, performance beyond 2023. And in particular, our optimism around our America business units, and we’re committed to achieving the top line and bottom line growth.
Gavin Hattersley: So to tie both, Kevin, I mean, obviously, when we started our Revitalization Plan, the goal was to get to both, top and bottom line growth. We did that in 2022. We’re guiding to that in 2023. And we expect to deliver that on a consistent basis now going forward, given where we are from a company point of view with our brands and our overall cost structure. I think you said you had a second question.
Kevin Grundy: Yes, I’ll follow up. Yes. No, that makes sense. Just the cross currents between better delivery over the past few years, I would say, and then, Gavin, your optimism going forward with the higher discount rate. But I can chat with Greg and Tracey offline. Tracey, for you real quick, not to monopolize time. But I think it’s important, you guys have made tremendous progress with debt leverage in extremely volatile environment. So now down to 2.9 times debt leverage, the target is 2.5 times, can you comment on the Board’s interest in returning even greater cash to shareholders, which would seem to be near and would be very accretive, particularly from an EPS perspective, given where your stock is trading? Maybe comment a bit on the time line for a return to a much greater share repurchase than we’ve seen recently while the Company expense is leveraging. Thank you. I’ll pass it on.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Look, our capital allocation priorities remain the same. We want to invest in our business to drive sustainable top and bottom line growth. And as Gavin mentioned, we put money in the business where we’re modernizing our breweries. We’ve got some upgrades that are going into our breweries, which always help in delivering cost savings and efficiencies. The second bucket is reducing the debt. We have a desire to maintain and over time improve our investment-grade rating. And I think we have made tremendous progress and have now given this sort of leverage target ratio of 2.5 times, which will give us much more flexibility from a capital allocation point of view. And then, the third bucket, to your point, is returning cash to shareholders. So, we’ve raised our dividend twice since reinstating it in 2021. And our intention is to sustainably increase that dividend. Now, we do have a small buyback program that you’re aware of, essentially an anti-dilution program for employee equity grants. But in terms of anything bigger, we run all our capital allocation decisions through our models --, influencing us, we would provide the greatest return for our shareholders. And we’ll continue to have those conversations with our Board.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivien Azer of Cowen & Co.
Vivien Azer: Hey Gavin, I was hoping you could expand on your medium-term aspiration for continued positive mix shift. Certainly, your beyond beer would seemingly be a key contributor to that. But could you perhaps dimensionalize the contributions that you would expect from alcoholic beyond beer the year versus non-alcoholic?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Vivien. Yes. Look, I mean, we’ve made tremendous progress actually on our above premium and our beyond beer pillars of our Revitalization Plan. It was a core tenet of our plan was to aggressively premiumize the portfolio. And we’ve now taken that, as I said, to a record level of 28% and I think it was 23% when we started this process. So obviously, our continued efforts in this space continue. We’ve got brands like Topo Chico and Blue Moon and Peroni and Simply Spiked and emerging growth brands like ZOA in Europe. As I said we’ve got Madrí. So, above premium certainly is an area that I would expect us to continue to grow. And we put out a number there of almost a third of our NSR in the medium term is going to come from above premium. So, that will certainly improve our overall mix. On top of that, we’ve laid a nice foundation in the spirits space, both in the large bottle, but also we’ve got a really nice innovation coming with Topo Chico Spirited in this current year, both of which -- for Five Trail and for Topo Chico, we have high expectations for. So, you can expect our above premium portfolio to get an ever larger part of -- would be an ever larger part of our portfolio, and that obviously has benefits all the way through the P&L.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein of Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Greg on for Robert. Just a quick question and then maybe a follow-up after that. But you just went through the $600 million and you delivered above that on your cost savings, which is great. Any color on kind of what the cost saving outlook is from here, any new targets to just kind of how we should through that? And then, just one quick follow-up after that, please. Thanks.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. I’ll take that question. Thanks, Greg. So, we are -- yes, we were very happy that we were able to slightly overdeliver on that $600 million of cost savings. Now, we haven’t implemented a new formal cost savings program that we’re communicating externally. But we obviously do have internal targets. We continue to expect cost savings. But, it’s just a way of life at Molson Coors. We’re always seeking ways to improve our efficiencies whether that be in terms of production or other areas like marketing that Gavin just spoke to. So, we’ll continue to look for ways that we can continue to deliver cost savings, but no formal program at this stage.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. That makes sense. And then, just a quick follow-up is on your emerging growth portfolio. If you could maybe talk about -- you obviously went through some changes with La Colombe and some other things over the past few months. Maybe just how you’re thinking about like a sales target for that, if it’s moved at all versus $1 billion previously and just kind of which of the core brands do you see driving the majority of the target or of the growth going forward? Thanks, guys.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg. Look, our $1 billion MSR target remains our ambition. We could be a little challenged to achieve that mark in 2023 because obviously, we’re mindful of the challenging economic environment in which we’re operating in our Latin American business, particularly, both from a political and economic point of view, that is fairly volatile. There is industry softness in U.S. craft, to be sure, and that’s impacted our Tenth and Blake business. And you rightly point out the discontinuation of La Colombe and also our Truss U.S. CBD drinks business. But those are only slight headwinds to our NSR goal. Not all our efforts are going to be successful in this space, and we’re absolutely not going to deliver NSR targets or NSR, absolutely, at any costs. We try and balance our top line aspirations with an objective to improve our overall margins and the emerging growth division as a whole. So, in terms of brands where we see a strong performance, I mentioned ZOA in my opening remarks; we’ve got Topo Chico Spirited, which is coming this year. We’ve made some changes to how we’re bringing ZOA to the market. We’ve learned a lot over the last three years. And we’re moving to scale in energy drinks and both full-strength bottle spirits and also on the ready-to-drink side. Not a short-term play for us, Greg. I think the progress we’ve made in beyond beer has been -- has laid a nice foundation for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta of Morgan Stanley.
Eric Serotta: First for Tracey. Any color you could give us in terms of the phasing of revenue and profit delivery versus the guidance for the year? The last few years were clearly nothing but nowhere close to normal. So, it’s a little bit tough to judge where you stand versus some of these really unusual comparisons. And then, for Gavin, the past year, you had some really outsized great contribution from innovation, particularly Topo Chico. And simply, how are you looking at incremental innovation contribution this year, particularly as you cycle the Topo Chico national launch and of course, the hard seltzer category has been soft. So how are you thinking about incremental innovation this year?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Eric. I’ll take the second question first. And then Tracey, you can take the other one. Look, I mean, I think there’s still lots of upside with the innovations that we launched last year. I mean we launched Simply Spiked in the middle of the year and the reception for that was amazingly positive, and we weren’t able to meet demand as I think we were very packed about it. We’ve got process in place where we will be able to meet demand this year. So lots of upside in Simply Spiked, and we’ve got great innovation coming with that brand as well, right, with the Peach coming. The way we’re looking at our innovations is -- we’re looking at flavor more broadly. So, it includes seltzers, but it also includes FMBs and RTDs. And when you look at those segments together, we grew more share than any other supplier in the last 52 weeks. We’ve got the number 4 and 5 seltzers with Topo Chico and Vizzy. We’ve got the second fastest growing hard seltzer in Topo Chico. And in Canada, we’re the only large brewer growing share of hard seltzer. So, we’ve still got lots of upside with our existing innovations that we just launched. And as I said, we’re launching Topo Chico Spirited in this year. We’ve got a nice line extension with Peach on Simply Spiked. And the awareness for Topo Chico is still a lot less than its largest competitor. So, we think we’ve got a lot of opportunity to drive more awareness for Topo Chico and improve the momentum there. So, -- improving momentum -- maintain the momentum, right? It’s already growing triple digits. Tracey, do you want to cover off on that?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. I mean, in terms of phasing, look, Eric, we’re always going to have quarter-to-quarter swings in our shipments and inventory levels. But we don’t expect to have the same magnitude of shipment swings as we have seen over the past several years. So, that’s a little bit about the top line. In terms of the cost, we’re still in an inflationary period, and we do expect inflationary pressure to continue and be a cost headwind for the year. But we expect the impact of the cost inflation and our COGS to slightly moderate in the back half of the year. So, yes, we don’t give sort of quarter-by-quarter guidance, but hopefully, that helps you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nadine Sarwat of Bernstein.
Nadine Sarwat: Two questions for me, please. The first on your 2023 underlying profit guidance. Are you anticipating that the 2023 pricing that you spoke about earlier will be able to fully offset the input cost headwinds this year? And then, my second question, in your prepared remarks, you called out consumers actively down-trading to smaller pack sizes. Could you provide a little bit more color on this type of consumer behavior? Are you seeing consumers also down trade from one brand to another or at the moment, is it just on the pack sizes? What assumptions about the health of the consumer and down-trading have you baked into your full year guidance?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine. Tracey, do you want to take the guidance question?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So look, as Gavin said, we do expect the top line to be rate-driven, benefiting from the 2022 pricing and mix. We’re obviously also mindful of the inflationary impact to both, the consumer and costs -- our own input costs, and we’ve taken that into consideration. But as I said, we do expect to grow our gross margin per hectoliter in both business units. So margin expansion on the gross margin line. And I think that was...
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. The other side of your question, Nadine, was around consumers and consumer behavior. I think overarchingly, I’d say we’re not seeing anything terribly different than any other fast-moving consumer good. So the beer industry is no different there. We’re not observing significant trade down, which was the other part of your question, across our portfolio, or frankly, in the industry. Of course, if that comes, we think we’ve got the ideal portfolio to deal with that, but we haven’t actually seen it at this point in time. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we are seeing consumers trading down maybe from a 30 pack to a 24 or 24 to a 12 or a 12 to a 6. Obviously, that is negative from a volume perspective, that contraction, but it’s actually positive from a mix point of view for our organization. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo.
Chris Carey: So, I just wanted to follow up just quickly there and then ask you a question. But, Tracey, you made a comment about your inflation -- the COGS per hectoliter inflation running, I guess, at this level into the front half and then fading. Can you maybe be a bit more specific about what you meant there? Did you mean the rate of -- COGS per hectoliter inflation to stay at this kind of level and then trail down in the back half? So you’re really looking for mid- to high single-digit underlying, or just any perspective there? And just what you think is going to be driving that between commodities and some of these non-commodity costs like conversion and freight. So I just wanted to clarify that.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Thanks, Chris. We don’t give cost per hectoliter guidance. So, I just want to clarify, I didn’t say at this level. But what I did say is that we do expect the inflation to moderate in the back half of the year. So we sit in an inflationary period. We do still expect headwinds for the year, but again, moderating in the back half, and a lot of that’s driven on what we see in the forward curves for commodities.
Chris Carey: Okay. And then, when you said gross margin expansion, you meant total enterprise for the year -- next year?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. I’m talking -- so gross margin per hectoliter expansion growth in both of our business units is what I said.
Chris Carey: And that would lead to total company gross margin expansion?
Tracey Joubert: Yes…
Chris Carey: Yes. Great. Okay. Thanks so much. Thanks for clarifying that. Then just on -- if I look at your 10-K, marketing obviously down and it implies a G&A run rate up about high single. I think you were very clear that the marketing was down because of the discontinued SKUs, and you’d be investing and marketing would be up next year. And so that’s very clear. But that underlying G&A rate, would you expect that to ease next year, or are we talking about another year where there’s wage inflation, there’s -- everything costs a bit more now? And so can you just talk about your ability to manage that line item? And just conceptually how you see G&A, excluding marketing for next year? So, thanks so much.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So, look, we manage our G&A, I think, really well, and we’ll continue to manage the costs related to G&A. We don’t specifically give G&A guidance. But as I’ve said and Gavin said, we’ll continue to invest behind the business. We’ll continue to invest behind our brands, particularly our core brands and our innovations. So, much more than that, Chris, I can’t give you without giving the guidance.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Filippo Falorni of Citi.
Filippo Falorni: First question on the U.S. beer industry. You mentioned soft industry performance in Q4, and it sounded like volume improved in January. So, can you talk about your expectations for the balance of the year? And then, the second question on market share, you’ve done a lot of progress in improving the market share performance of both Coors Light and Miller Lite, are you assuming share gains for those two brands in 2023? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Filippo. Yes, we have seen a rebound in volume performance in the first part of this year compared to what we experienced in the fourth quarter of last year. I think as far as the full year is concerned, I’d point you to Tracey’s comments around the fact that our top line guidance is more rate driven than volume driven. And I think I gave a little bit of clarification around that from a contract brewing point of view. And yes, you rightly point out that Miller Lite and Coors Light are healthier than they’ve been in years. I mean, they grew combined NSR in the U.S. in the second half. And that continues to be strong upward trajectory that we saw in 2021. We grew NSR for both Coors Light and Miller Lite in Canada, and they posted their strongest dollar share performance in over a decade. So, I think we’ve done an excellent job of ensuring that Coors Light and Miller Lite have a very clear differentiated brand position and Coors Light, obviously, owns refreshment, Miller Lite owns beer taste. And we’ve built on those foundations with very strong consistent marketing programs Made to Chill for Coors Light and Miller Lite’s Beer Point of You. And then on top of that, we’ve got strong sales execution across chain and grocery. And we’ve actually outpaced Bud Light in both feature and display for seven of our largest chain retailers. So, all of that translates into good share gains versus our competitors. I think we’ve got really strong programs for 2023, starting with the Super Bowl, which wasn’t just a point in time. It was a buildup for several months before that, and we’ll continue to leverage that post the Super Bowl. So, we don’t shy away from being the challenger in the challenger position versus our competitors. And we’re going to make the dollars that we’ve got worked pretty hard for it -- for us. How that translates into share gains, well, let’s wait and see.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala of Credit Suisse.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Can you talk a bit -- looking forward, can you talk a bit about capacity and how you’re thinking about cap utilization given what we’re observing with volumes?
Gavin Hattersley: Kaumil, I missed the first part of it, but it sounded like you were giving us complement, the last part of your first part of your sentence. So I think I’m going to take that, and we’ll run with it. As far as capacity is concerned, I think -- I heard that part of it perfectly. Look, we -- from a capacity point of view, we’re expanding capacity where we need it, right, so, in terms of seltzers, our flavored malt beverages, and our variety packing capability. So we’re expanding there. We don’t provide specifics on utilization, but we feel good about our current capacity and its utilization. We closed two breweries in the U.S. over the last few years. And that improved our capacity utilization a lot. We’ve just built two new state-of-the-art breweries in Canada, and we’re doing a multiyear modernization project at our Golden brewery. So, we’re happy with our brewery footprint. And of course, within that, we always look at how we can be more efficient from a line point of view and look for ways to optimize that.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today comes from Christian Junquera of Bank of America.
Christian Junquera: You have Christian on for Bryan Spillane. It would be helpful if you could share your outlook for the hard seltzer and ready-to-drink cocktail category for 2023. Thanks for taking our question.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Christian. Look, I mean, we’ve shied away from giving specific guidance on hard seltzers because it’s a little challenging in new categories, right? But what we haven’t shied away from is saying that we think hard seltzers are here to stay. And they’re now a foundational part of the overall beer -- segment. Having said that, and as I said in answer to an earlier question, we’re realistic about the trends that we’re seeing there, which is why our premiumization strategy looks at flavors more broadly. So, it’s not only seltzers, but it’s FMBs and RTDs. And so, you can expect us, as I said earlier, to continue focusing on Topo Chico -- Topo Chico is number 4 in the country, Vizzy is number 5. In Canada, we’re growing share nicely behind Vizzy and Coors Seltzer. We just launched that Topo Chico as well. Simply Spiked has been a massive success for us since it launched in the summer of 2022. We’ve got a strong hot tea proposition with Arnold Palmer Spiked. And as I said earlier, we’re also launching Topo Chico Spirited in the first quarter of this year. So, we’re confident in the diversified approach to flavor. It allows us to benefit from the shifting consumer preferences. And I think we’ve got the portfolio to win both nationally and regionally. And we saw that momentum in 2022, and we intend to accelerate it even further in 2023.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we currently have no further questions. I’ll hand back over to Gavin Hattersley for any closing remarks.
Gavin Hattersley: And I will hand it over to Greg.
Greg Tierney: Very good. All right. Thanks, Gavin. Thanks, operator. I appreciate you all spending time with us. If you did have additional questions that we were not able to ask -- or that you were not able to ask today, please follow up with our Investor Relations team over the next days and weeks to come. But look forward to talking with many of you as the year progresses. And with that, thanks everybody for participating in today’s call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today’s call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides with an updated format on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. With that, I'll hand over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, Nadia, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks today from Gavin and Tracey, we will take your questions. [Operator Instructions] If you have technical questions on the quarter, please pick them up with our IR team in the days and weeks that follow. Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period in U.S. dollars and in constant currency when discussing percentage changes from the prior year period. Further, in our remarks today, we will reference underlying pretax income which equates to underlying income before income taxes on the condensed consolidated statements of operations. With that, over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I am pleased to report that Molson Coors grew both the top and bottom line on both the constant currency and an underlying basis in the third quarter. But I'm particularly pleased because nearly three years into our revitalization plan to turn around this business, Molson Coors' top and bottom line growth. It's not just the story of a quarter, it's becoming a trend, and that is important. For many, many years, you all knew Molson Coors is a cash-generative business that was willing to make hard cuts to meet the bottom line, but one that struggled mightily to grow the top line. When we launched our revitalization plan, the goal was to change that trajectory and position Molson Coors for sustainable long-term top and bottom line growth, and we are making progress. Going back to the beginning of last year, we have grown on a constant currency basis, the top and bottom line on an underlying basis in 4 out of 7 quarters. We've logged 6 straight quarters of net sales revenue growth. We are growing net sales revenue in both business units. And through the third quarter of the year, our global net sales revenue is above 2019 levels on a constant currency basis. Those results are also translating into strong industry share performance in our largest global markets. Across the U.S. beer industry, we earned the second highest dollar share gain and the best dollar share trend improvement in the quarter relative to the last 52 weeks. Moreover, our third quarter STR trend was the best quarterly performance we have seen in over a decade. We again gained share in the U.K. We gained share in Canada year-to-date in factoring out Quebec, which was recovering from the strike earlier this year. So it's not surprising to us that 3 quarters of the way through 2022, we are able to reiterate the key financial metrics of our full year guidance. Now I know that's in a U.S. skeptical, but we have several tailwinds that give us confidence. We are benefiting from strong pricing in the U.S., Canada and EMEA and APAC. In the U.S., by far our largest market, our recent actions mean pricing will be up close to 10% on average versus the fourth quarter of last year as opposed to our historical 1% to 2% annual price increase, and we will see that pricing benefit for the entirety of the quarter. Our U.K. and Canadian markets were heavily impacted by the Omicron variant in the fourth quarter of last year, which we will be comping I know it's hard to remember that the on-premise in both markets was virtually closed for a portion of the quarter in 2021, and we do not foresee this happening again. Additionally, as expected, we plan to have less marketing in the fourth quarter of this year, which relates to phasing as we think about how and when to most heavily market our brands. And we expect the World Cup to be a large benefit to our EMEA APAC business. It's a major on-premise beer occasion, particularly in Europe, and it has never been this late in the year. Tracey will get into our guidance in more detail, but these are some of the factors that give us confidence to again reiterate our full year key financial guidance. And I would point out that we can do so without contemplating some hockey stick trajectory for retail sales in the fourth quarter. Now while we don't believe that will impede our ability to deliver on our full year guidance, I do want to take a couple of minutes to discuss two challenges that impacted our third quarter results because there are some notable trends we are beginning to see. First and most obviously, while the rapid rise in input costs is not new this quarter, what is noticeable is the difference in COGS inflation rates between the two sides of the Atlantic. While it was high in all our markets, underlying COGS per hectoliter rose nearly 14% in EMEA and APAC compared to about 11% in the Americas. While we have been aggressive in taking price compared to historical benchmarks in beer, and we are deploying other levers to recover as much of these costs as possible. In some markets, it's been difficult to keep up with the ramp and pace of inflation. And in other markets like Central and Eastern Europe, some consumers simply cannot withstand higher levels of pricing. And that is the second trend, which is the diverging trend among our global markets. While volumes have remained strong elsewhere, we are seeing weakened consumer demand across the beer industry in our Central and Eastern European markets. Compared to the counterparts across the continent, these consumers tend to have less disposable income and are therefore more prone to inflationary pressure, which has put strain on this portion of our business. And that's in contrast to what we're seeing elsewhere. The U.S. consumer remains resilient to date. The industry is continuing to trade up and we aren't seeing funds significant channel shifting. September and third quarter on-premise mix of total volume has remained consistent with the year-to-date trend and above 2021 levels, and these trends are visible in the strong quarterly top line results for the Americas business unit. Consumer trends are similar in Canada where the broader industry is seeing trader and our portfolio is premiumizing. Volumes are even holding up in the U.K. In the third quarter, on-premise volumes in this market were flat with pre-pandemic levels despite the very volatile and uncertain economic environment there. So again, no signs of significant channel shift in the U.K. Should consumer behavior in these other markets change, we have the right portfolio to compete in a more challenging economic environment. And thanks to the revitalization plan, we also have a business that is able to adjust the conditions more nimbly.  So we will continue to make the investments and decisions necessary to ensure this business delivers top and bottom line growth, not just for 1 quarter or for 1 year, but year after year after year. That consistent approach has been the determining factor in the progress we have made. When we launched the revitalization plan nearly 3 years ago, we told you we're working towards a stronger call aggressive growth in above premium and scale beyond the bureau, and we continue to deliver. Our core brands have not only stabilized, they are getting stronger. In the U.S., our premium brands are holding industry share. And the combination of Coors Light, Miller Lite and Coors Banquet combined to grow over a full share point of the premium beer category. Miller Lite and Coors Banquet grew volume as well. In the U.K., Carling continues growing share of the familiar trusted lager segment and again widened its lead as the country's number one beer. In Canada, Molson Canadian continues to grow net sales revenue and share of segment while Miller Lite brand volumes are growing double digits with the brand achieving industry share growth. And in Central and Eastern Europe, we are growing segment share with our national power brands in the majority of markets. Our global portfolio continues to premiumize rapidly. In the U.K., Madri remains on an incredible rise. It is already our number three brand in that market and has gained the most market share of any of our global brand innovations since the Molson Coors merger in 2005. Topo Chico Hard Seltzer remains the fastest-growing hard sell-through in the U.S. and was a top five industry growth brand in the quarter. Simply Spike Lemonade is the fastest-growing new FAB in the U.S. and was also a top industry growth brand finishing in the top 10. The Blue Moon family grew share of the craft segment in the U.S., while Peroni volumes were up double digits. In Canada, our Hard Seltzer grew double digits and continued to gain share of the Seltzer category with Vizzy and Coors Seltzer now the number four and number six Seltzer brands, respectively. We are also meaningfully expanding beyond the bureau. And our Beyond Beer space is about to get bigger as we recently announced our emerging growth team plans to launch Topo Chico Spirited, and RTD cocktail early next year. The continued strength of our brands helped our business deliver on the top line globally. And while COGS inflation globally and consumer weakness in Central and Eastern Europe hampered our bottom line results in the third quarter, today, we remain on track to grow our top line and bottom line this year for the first time in over a decade. We have made substantial progress across this business in under 3 years. We've done it in spite of serious challenges, no one saw coming, and we remain focused on setting up Molson Coors for long-term sustainable top and bottom line growth. Now to give you more details on the financials and outlook, I'll hand it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Tracey Joubert. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. For the third quarter, we delivered another quarter of net sales revenue and underlying pretax growth. We continue to invest in our business. We reduced net debt, and we returned cash to shareholders. Despite the challenging global macro environment and overall industry softness, there consumers remained resilient in our three major markets in the third quarter, while we saw softness in our Central and Eastern European business. And as expected, global inflationary pressures continue to be a headwind for our bottom line performance. Taking this all into account, we are maintaining our 2022 key financial guidance but we do now expect underlying pretax income growth on a constant currency basis to be at the lower end of our high single-digit range. While we discuss our business performance on a constant currency basis, it is also relevant to consider the currency impact of the strong U.S. dollar, which was a meaningful headwind to the reported results in the quarter. On a reported basis, our third quarter net sales revenue was negatively impacted by $109 million, and our underlying pretax income was negatively impacted by $21 million. Before we discuss our quarterly performance, I wanted to provide some context on our on-premise recovery. Our third quarter on-premise has nearly fully recovered to 2019 total revenue level. However, in looking at the map on Slide 8, we can see there are variations by market. In the U.S., the on-premise reached 94% of 2019 total revenues, the highest since the pandemic. While in Canada, where on-premise restrictions have been more severe. The on-premise continued to improve on a sequential basis but has not returned to 2019 levels. However, in the U.K., similar to the second quarter, the on-premise well exceeded 2019 total revenues. Now I'll take you through our quarterly performance and our outlook. Turning to Slide 9. Consolidated net sales revenue grew 7.9%, driven by strong global net pricing and favorable sales mix. Consolidated financial volumes were essentially flat. America shipments were down due to the continued impact of the Quebec labor strike, which was resolved in June, while financial volumes were higher in EMEA and APAC on increased U.K. brand volumes. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 9.2%, driven by strong global net pricing and positive sales mix across both business units. As expected, inflationary pressures continued to be a headwind in the quarter. As you can see on Slide 10, underlying COGS per hecto to increase 12%. The two biggest drivers were cost inflation and mix. Cost inflation comprised more than two-thirds of the increase and included higher input materials, transportation and energy costs. Our mix drove roughly 350 basis points of the increase and was due to premiumization, which is a negative in terms of COGS, but a positive in terms of gross margin. While inflation remains a significant headwind, we continue to judicially deploy our multiple levers, including pricing, premiumization and our hedging and cost savings programs to help mitigate the impact. As it pertains to our hedging program, it is worth reminding that our program is longer term in nature as we hedge commodities over 1 to 3 years, and we operate within guardrails and take a more opportunistic rather than programmatic approach. The purpose of the hedging program is to smooth out the impact of big swings in commodity prices. So in a situation like the third quarter, where we saw some sequential easing of certain commodities, it will take time to see that impact on the P&L. Further, we are exposed to other costs that cannot be hedged, such as freight, but also material conversion costs and third-party manufactured contracts that extend over periods of time, which can be material contributors to our COGS. MG&A increased 3.5% as lower marketing spend was more than offset by higher G&A. Marketing investment decreased as we cycled higher spend in the prior year period when investments exceeded third quarter 2019 levels. We continue to provide strong commercial support behind our core brands and new innovations at the U.S. launch of Simply Spiked. G&A increased due to increased people-related costs, including travel and entertainment expenses and legal costs as well as cycling the Yuengling company equity income, which was included in G&A in the prior year period. Now let's take a look at our results by our business units. Turning to Slide 11. The Americas net sales revenue increased 7.4%, benefiting from net pricing growth and positive brand mix, partially offset by lower financial volumes. Americas financial volumes decreased 1% driven by Canada, while U.S. domestic shipments increased 1.4%. Americas brand volumes decreased 1.5%, driven by Quebec and U.S. brand volume declines of 0.9%, which approximated industry performance. U.S. brand volume trends were driven by high single-digit declines in the economy brands largely due to the SKU rationalization program and to a lesser degree, by low single-digit declines in premium brands. Conversely, the U.S. above premium portfolio continued to grow strongly, up low double digits for the quarter. Brand volumes in Latin America also increased. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 7.5% due to net pricing growth and favorable brand mix. And as you can see in the slide, strong pricing and premiumization in our two largest markets in the Americas, the U.S. and Canada drove that performance. On the cost side, Americas underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 11.4%. As with our consolidated results, the primary drivers were inflation including higher materials, energy and transportation costs as well as mix impacts from premiumization. MG&A decreased 1.4%, driven by lower marketing spend. As I mentioned, we strongly supported the national launch of Simply Spiked, but overall marketing spend declined due to lower U.S. national marketing and sales control spend related to alliance and media phasing. G&A increased as a result of the same drivers discussed for the consolidated G&A I mentioned earlier. As a result, Americas underlying pretax income increased 10.5%. Turning to EMEA and APAC on Slide 12. Net sales revenue increased 9.6% driven by higher financial volumes, net pricing growth and favorable mix. Financial volumes grew 2% due to higher brand volumes in Western Europe, where the demand remains strong, along with higher factor brand volumes. This was partially offset by brand volume declines due to Russia war in Ukraine and weakened demand due to inflationary pressures in Central and Eastern Europe. EMEA and APAC net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis was up 14.3% driven by positive net pricing as well as favorable sales mix driven by the strength in our above premium brands like Madri and positive geographic mix. On the cost side, underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 13.8%. Similar to the Americas, the drivers with cost inflation and mix from premiumization. MG&A increased 21.7% as we accelerated market investments behind our national champion and above premium brands, especially in the U.K. supporting Carling, Madri and Staropramen and fueling on-premise strength. G&A also increased as we cycled lower relative spending in the prior year. As a result of these higher costs, EMEA and APAC, underlying pretax income declined 38.9%. Turning to Slide 13. Our underlying free cash flow was $597 million for the first 9 months of the year, a decrease of $336 million from the same period last year. This was primarily due to higher capital expenditures and lower underlying pretax income, partially offset by the prior year net repayment of various tax payment deferral programs related to the pandemic and lower cash taxes. Our capital allocation priorities remain to invest in our business to drive top line growth and efficiencies, reduce net debt and to return cash to shareholders. Capital expenditures paid were $531 million for the first 9 months of the year, an increase of $167 million from the prior year period, and we're focused on expanding our production capacity and capabilities program. which support improved efficiencies and help us deliver our sustainability goals. Capital expenditure levels remain in line with our expectations of approximating pre-pandemic annual levels. We ended the quarter with net debt of $6.1 billion, down nearly $500 million since December 31, 2021, and a trailing 12-month net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio of 3.13 times. And approaching our target of below 3 times by the end of 2022. We ended the quarter with $125 million of commercial paper outstanding. In this rising interest rate environment, it's notable that substantially all our debt is at fixed rates. In terms of returning cash to shareholders during the third quarter, we paid a quarterly cash dividend of $0.38 per share to holders of Class A and B common stockholders. And we paid approximately $12.6 million for 250,000 shares under our share repurchase program, which is essentially an anti-dilution program for annual employee equity grant. Now let's discuss our outlook, which you can see on Slide 14. And while we start year-over-year growth rates in constant currency, please note that current exchange rates will generate a headwind in our fourth quarter reported results at similar relative levels to what we experienced in the third quarter due to the strength of the U.S. dollar. For 2022, we are reaffirming our guidance of mid-single-digit net sales revenue growth high single-digit underlying pretax income growth and underlying free cash flow of $1 billion, plus or minus 10%. However, given increased inflationary cost pressures and weakening demand in Central and Eastern Europe, we expect underlying pretax income growth to be at the lower end of the range. Based on our annual guidance, this would imply for the fourth quarter on a constant currency basis, underlying pretax income growth in the range of approximately 45% to 60%, and we expect to be at the lower end of the range. Now let me walk through some of the assumptions that will help you understand why we have reaffirmed our guidance. Gavin has already discussed some of the top line drivers like our full pricing in the U.S., easing comparisons in the U.K. and Canada and the World Cup tournament. Also, in the fourth quarter, we have fully lapped the shipment headwind from our economy SKU rationalization. These drivers are partially offset by weakened demand in Central and Eastern Europe. From a COGS point of view, we continue to expect margins to be impacted by inflationary pressures particularly with acceleration in commodity costs in EMEA and APAC. But offsetting some of the inflation costs, we continue to expect our cost savings program to be weighted to the fourth quarter. And we now expect lower depreciation, which is due to the timing of capital projects and the impact of significant foreign exchange movements. Turning to marketing. We continue to expect overall spend to be down in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year period. We are comfortable with our planned level of marketing investment, which is comparing against the prior year period when marketing investment exceeded 2019 levels. Looking out to 2023, while we are not prepared to provide any guidance, we remain committed to putting the right commercial pressure behind our core brands and key innovations, including our first official Super Bowl ad in more than 30 years. In terms of our other guidance metrics, we continue to expect net interest expense of $265 million, plus or minus 5%. However, we are lowering our underlying effective tax rate to a range of 21% to 22% from our prior guidance range of 22% to 24%. And we are lowering our underlying depreciation and amortization to $700 million plus or minus 5% from our previous guidance of $750 million, plus or minus 5% for the reasons I just mentioned. So in closing, we put up another quarter of growth and did so in a challenging macro environment. While these remain dynamic and uncertain times under our revitalization plan, we have built our business to manage through challenges with strong brands across all our segments and greatly enhanced financial and operational flexibility, we remain confident in our ability to navigate near-term macro challenges while investing in the business and staying the course towards our goal of long-term sustainable top and bottom line growth. And with that, we look forward to answering your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today goes to Kevin Grundy of Jefferies. Kevin, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Two questions, if I could, Gavin. The first long-term oriented. The second, more near-term. The first, just regarding your outlook for the U.S. beer industry. Jim Cook recently grew some attention with his comments at Boston Beer's wholesaler meeting that traditional beer may never grow again in our lifetimes in the U.S. ABI's leadership was recently asked to react to Jim's comments on their earnings call. So I'd like to get your reaction to Jim's comments as well. And then the second, more near-term oriented, what adjustments are you making here, if any, to the playbook over the next 12 months given the more challenging inflationary backdrop and weaker consumer environment, particularly in your European business?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning. Yes. Look, to your first question, I mean, I personally thought that was quite a self-serving statement from German. And I guess what you would expect to hear from the leader of the business has only got about 10% of their portfolio in beer. I also thought it was that they would make on the same call a comment that truly was losing share to premium lights, which is obviously beer. Look, I mean, beer has been around for 1,000 years, Kevin. It's the most popular alcohol beverage in the world. In fact, outside of water and tea beer is the third most popular beverage of any kind in the whole world. So I don't think it's going anywhere. And our results over the past few years would suggest as much. If you go back a few years, people were we're speculating the light beer was dead because of Celsis and I could show you the headlines of all those comments. And I don't think you hear a lot about that anymore today. In fact, you hear quite the opposite. So it's -- from our perspective, Coors Light, Miller Lite are growing NSR. Miller Lite just grew volume in Q3. So are we going to find a way to leverage our competitive strengths and take advantage of growth opportunities beyond beer? Absolutely, we are. But make no mistake, Kevin. Beer is always going to be the hot beat of our business, and beer, I think, is always going to be a favorite of consumers as the moderate choice of alcohol compared with hard liquor. So yes, that's my comments on Jim's comments. As far as the adjustments we're making to our business, look, our revitalization plan we launched 3 years ago focused in on our core brands, growing our above premium brands and building capabilities in our business and driving beyond beer. And I think we've made tremendous progress against those. I think during that time, we have shown that we are nimble and we can make adjustments when we need to make them. I'd point to the most high profile adjustment we made was back when the pandemic hit at our marketing department almost overnight changed their campaigns of both Miller Lite and Coors LIght and shifted our media into the digital space where the consumer was and no longer necessarily on the traditional side. And make no mistake, we'll make adjustments where we think we need to make them in Europe. It's interesting, though, that there's a bifurcation in Europe. Western Europe is just continuing as they were. Consumer demand is holding up strongly. We've also put in strong price increases in Western Europe, particularly the U.K. And so far, we're not seeing any negative price elasticity because of that. The challenge we've had has come in Central and Eastern Europe, where the consumers got less headwind or head space from a disposable income point of view, and energy costs, certainly and inflation are impacting those markets in a more meaningful way. Notwithstanding that, as you saw, we grew our marketing spend in APAC in the third quarter, putting money behind our new innovation of Madri and some of our sort of our brands in local markets in EMEA, APAC. So I think we'll continue to make the right decisions behind our brands that we need to keep the momentum that we've got right now, Kevin.
Operator: And our next question goes to Rob Ottenstein of Evercore. Rob, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Rob Ottenstein: So Gavin, I know you don't talk about kind of the upcoming quarter, but it's kind of out there that in the U.S., October was really, really weak. We're hearing from some distributors down double digit. Wondering if you can make any comments on that at all? And then just kind of give us some sort of sense about how you're looking at pricing in the U.S. and in Europe and why the kind of levels that you're looking to get, which are historically high and clearly justified by the commodity increases, but whether those are levels that the consumer is going to be able to absorb, particularly with some tightening in the economy?
Gavin Hattersley: Look, I mean it's -- if you look at pricing, we obviously took a fairly meaningful price increase in the spring of this year. It was higher than our normal average. So 3% to 5% in the spring. And then we put a pretty similar price increase through in the fall. So it's a little soon to determine the impact of the second price increase, which we put into the marketplace. I mean, in some instances, we're actually still putting price there. Some of it went to back end of September, some in October, and we've got some going in November. So there isn't a data to show what that price increase is -- has done to the consumer or will do. The price increase that we took in the spring, the price elasticities were not as elastic as they have been historically. I think the consumer has been quite resilient to the price increases we've put into the market, given that they're actually quite substantially lower than many other fast-moving goods that consumers have been exposed to. So same effect we've had in Canada and the same effect that we've had in U.K. It's only really EMEA APAC, Central Eastern Europe business, where I think the sort of head space and disposable income hasn't proven to be as strong as the rest of our businesses. As far as... sorry, Robert? .
Rob Ottenstein: I was just going to -- I was just -- sorry, I was just going to -- I didn't mean to interrupt you. I'm sorry, is the price increase range is the same in the U.K. and Europe? Or is it a little bit less?
Gavin Hattersley: We've actually taken different price increases by market, Robert. So in some Central and Eastern European markets, we've taken double digits in in the United Kingdom, not as much as that. The United Kingdom price increases are closer to what we've done in the U.S., again, by brand, by country. If you then look at the first
Rob Ottenstein: Has it been two price increases, sorry, in Europe, so a spring one and a full one also?
Gavin Hattersley: We don't follow the same pricing calendar in the United Kingdom as we do in the U.S. If my memory serves me, we have taken more than 1 price increase though, but it's not the same timing as the U.S. Now you're up to four questions, Robert. So I'm going to answer your question quickly and then move on to someone else. But from October -- from an October point of view. Look, it's too soon to tell what the impact is, right? Because there was load-in from some of our price increases in late September. And surely, that is impacted in the first couple of weeks of October, just as every price increase has a load. In many of our markets, that sell-through has now taken place, and we've reverted back to trends that existed before. But in other markets, the sell-through is still taking place. So I think we'll get a good assessment of it, obviously, in the next few weeks. Just remember also that in October of last year, that was really where we recovered our inventory levels following the cybersecurity attack. If you remember, we spent the whole of the second and third quarters playing catch up and just keeping our head about water from a shipments point of view. And we really did recover shipments in the fourth quarter of last year. We exited the third quarter this year with our inventories in a really good place. And so that will be sort of negative headwind, so to speak, for the fourth quarter as we do plan to ship to full year consumption.
Operator: And the next question goes to Chris Carey of Wells barge Securities. Chris, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Chris Carey: Gavin. Can I just confirm what you just said and then I'll switch to my question, but did you just say that inventories are now clean and so that could be a bit of a headwind and you will shift to consumption in Q4, and I'd just like to confirm whether some of the recent headwinds associated with the Quebec strike and economy SKU reductions and some of these other things that have been lingering through the year have now -- are now in the rearview. So just wanted to confirm that, then I'll ask the question here.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, Chris, my comment related to the U.S. So the U.S. inventory, I would say, with a few minor exceptions with some SKUs is where we want it to be. It was -- we had got it to a really good place at the end of the third quarter. And if you remember last year, in the U.S., we were still rebuilding our inventories following the cybersecurity attack all the way through the fourth quarter. So yes, headwind from a shipments point of view in the U.S. In Quebec, we are still recovering from that, right? It just does take time for us to get our inventories back to the level that we want to have them at. We had a 12-week strike essentially, and it's taking time to get back to where we need it to be. So that would still be a relative tailwind in the fourth quarter from a Quebec point of view.
Chris Carey: And then Gavin, can you just give us an update on how you see this portfolio shaping up over the next year from a mix percentage, obviously, you put out some targets for the percentage of emerging growth, the percentage of the portfolio that will be premium. I wonder if you can talk to the craft business effectively, there are some strategies to evolve this portfolio over time. And you know that time line over the next year is kind of how you guys have described that I wonder if you can just give us an update on how you see things today and how these things are evolving? And then just Tracey, if I could squeeze in just -- did you say that noncommodity inflation should continue to pick up as your commodity inflation eases. So that's just, again, I just wanted to confirm that from Tracey, but really Gavin the complexion of the portfolio over the next year would be helpful.
Gavin Hattersley: Chris. Look, I'll take them by each of our revitalization plan strategies, right? So our core brands, strengthening our core brands, we're seeing that globally. If you just look at the United States, Coors Light, Miller Lite continuing their share trend improvement, Miller Lite holding share for the second consecutive quarter. Coors Light, Miller Lite gaining more than 100 points of premium light space, and they're both growing dollar sales. Coos Light is up mid-single digits in NSR, Miller Lite was up double digits. So we we're obviously going to continue to push both of those brands in the U.S. They're in really good shape from a brand health point of view and reacting really well to the differentiated marketing components that we've got behind them. You're seeing the same impact in Canada. We've got Coors Light that's strengthening, Miller Lite that's growing double digits and Molson, Canadian even starting to show performance trend improvements. And in the U.K., Carling is doing well. Ozujsko is doing well in Croatia. So we feel that our core brand portfolio is in good shape, reacting really well to our marketing and our marketing investments, and we're going to continue to push that. So from an above premium point of view, I don't believe we've had a target we specifically put out there from a share of our portfolio point of view, but we had another record share of our portfolio for above premium. And then obviously, we want to continue to drive that. We've had some extremely successful innovations in both our North America business unit which Simply Spiked and with Topo Chico. And also in our EMEA, APAC business unit, where Madri is shaping up to be the best innovation that, that market is has ever launched, continuing to grow share at a rapid pace. On top of that Blue Moon, Blue Moon LightSky, I mean Blue Moon is the number one craft brand, Blue Moon LightSky is the number one light craft brand. Peroni is growing very strongly in the double digits. And so we would expect our above premium portfolio to continue to grow from strength to strength. And then from an economy point of view, not really a player in our EMEA, APAC business unit, more relevant in the U.S. And there, I think it's safe to say that we are now through the screw rationalization process in the fourth quarter. Certainly, there were no more shipment comparisons that we're going up against. And I'm sure there were a few laggards from a sales to retail point of view. But by and large, we are through that. And our focus on our four core economy brands, is pretty beneficial, right, both from a marketing point of view, a sales point of view and a distributor point of view. So -- as I said in our prepared remarks, Chris, I think our brands and our portfolio is really well positioned to take advantage of whatever happens. I mean right now, we're not seeing trade down in our U.S. market, albeit premiumization has slowed down, but we're not seeing trade down. If it happens, we've got the ideal portfolio for that. We've always said that all segments matter, and we've got brands that are now strong and ready to take advantage of that. Tracey, you [Indiscernible]
Tracey Joubert: So Chris, from what I just say from a COGS point of view is we expect to had our margins continue to be impacted by inflationary pressures, particularly in EMEA and APAC. And then also, we are exposed to other costs that can't be hedged. So again, we're comfortable with our hedge coverage level for the balance of 2022 and into 2023. But there are costs that can be material contributors to our COGS, such as freight that we can't hedge material conversion costs I mentioned. And then our third-party co-manufacturing costs, which also cannot be hedged. So that's from the COGS side.
Operator: And the next question goes to Vivien Azer of Cowen. Vivien, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Vivien Azer: Gavin, Tracey, I apologize, I dropped off the call momentarily, so I hope this hasn't been repeated. But I did want to follow-up on Robert's question around October. So it seems like with the beer purchasers index being remarkably low in the quarter, that might be a function of the fact that you overshipped to your inventory squared away. But just a follow-up on that theme. I'm just in your discussions with wholesalers and distributors, whether there's been any shift in your alignment around perspective on price elasticity given the price increase?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, from a price increase point of view, as I said, we don't have any data at this point in time to suggest anything around our price increase that we took in the fall. We do, on the price increase we took in the spring, which was pretty much double what we normally have taken in a year for a fairly long period of time, probably the last decade, the price elasticities were less than what we would have historically expected. So the price increase that we put in the market was -- seem to have been well received by consumers. Certainly, the retailers understand the cost pressures that we're facing and we're supportive. So I would say too soon to have any perspective on the recent price increase. As I said, we're still actually putting some price increases into the market in some states. In some states, we put it in early October, some in mid-October. And there's always a loading that takes place, and there's always a bit of a payback after that. When you couple that with the fact that we were still building inventories heavily in Q4 of last year, and we don't have to do that this year because our inventories are in a really good shape. Our stocks are as low as they've been for quite some time with only some very, very few SKUs where we have issues. I think we're in good shape from that perspective. But again, I'm reiterating that, that is a headwind in our U.S. market in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And the next question goes to Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Steve, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Powers: I wanted to clarify on the pricing. You called out the near 10% in the fourth quarter. I just was wondering if we have a comparable number for where you were in the third quarter? And if that your 10% it contemplates mix or if it's strictly rate. So a clarification there would be great. And then I also wanted to ask on the lower D&A. And in two respects. One is, you've been running just north of $170 million kind of run rate all year. I'm assuming, I guess, a base case that that's a good place to start in the fourth quarter, but I wanted to understand if there's any reason why that would deviate. And then you mentioned FX as a partial driver of that, which makes sense, but also the timing of certain capital projects. And I'm just -- maybe you could talk a little bit about what types of capital projects may have been deferred. And if we should think about those as fiscal '23 initiatives if they're longer term. Just a little bit more context on what the drivers behind that lower D&A and how it impacts the future.
Gavin Hattersley: Tracey, if you can take two and three, I'll take one. From a comparable point of view in the third quarter, Steve, I'd say around 5% was in the third quarter. So that lines up well with the sort of 3% to 5% that we put in, in back end of September and then into October. So that's a North American number. The U.S. number is not terribly dissimilar from that. So call it 5% is the comparable number. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert: And on the
Steve Powers: Go ahead. Sorry, I don't want to talk over you.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. On the D&A, that run rate is reasonable, again, depending on ForEx. There's nothing that we have pulled back on. Really a lot is about timing. And as I said, we expect our CapEx spend to sort of equate to the sort of pre-pandemic levels and nothing has changed from that.
Operator: And the next question goes to Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan. Andrea, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrea Teixeira: So my question is more on the bridge, Tracey, you helped us just now with the pricing, the bridge for gross margin and into what is implied. If our math is correct, I think it's implying that profit before tax would be up like more than 40%. So I was wondering if you can comment on how you were able to understand the mix impact of the economy going away, the lab. But if you can -- and the pricing you just discussed, but if you think about the COGS and how the hedge roll over into '23. So if you can help us reconcile. And if under the 48-ish percent implied upside for that you embedded in your guide, is that also related mostly for the marketing spend that you mentioned that is down? Or even in the gross margin line, you see an expansion in the fourth quarter?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. Look, I'll take that one. Let me just go back again to the drivers of why we're confident on our guidance for the fourth quarter and obviously the full year. And just to be clear, yes, your math is correct, right? It does imply income before income tax growth of around 40% to 60%, and we as we said on the call, traction the call, we expect to be at the lower end of that. If you look at the top line, a number of positive tailwinds for us in the fourth quarter. We've got the strong pricing in the U.S., Canada and the United Kingdom. As I said in Q4, when you combine that with the pricing that we put in earlier in the year, we're looking at around a 10% price increase per hectoliter in Q4. We're comping Omicron in the prior year of Q4, which, if you remember, had a really big impact in the U.K. and Canada. We lost the Christmas holidays in Canada -- sorry, in the U.K., that's a big selling occasion for the U.K. market. We're not expecting that. And frankly, because of all the impacts that we had last year, we only made $5 million in the EMEA, APAC business unit last year. So it doesn't take much of a move to produce meaningful profit increased percentages in our EMEA, APAC business. We're also looking at the World Cup, as I said, in November. It's a really big beer drinking occasion, particularly in the U.K. and it's never been this late before. And as you rightly point out, in Q4, we fully lap the economy SKU rationalization. Partially offsetting this, as I said, is the weakened demand that we're seeing in Central and Eastern Europe and the shipment comp that we've got coming through in the U.S. business in the fourth quarter of last year. And then a positive tailwind again is our Quebec business as we rebuild our inventory levels in Quebec, Canada. From a COGS point of view, that's a headwind for us. There's no question about that. It's a headwind for everybody, and we're not immune from that. Tracy has talked about that. We do expect savings under our cost savings program to come through in the fourth quarter. If I remember correctly, it was actually weighted towards the fourth quarter of this year. Tracey has talked about the lower depreciation. And yes, we are expecting marketing to be down year-over-year. We've said that from the beginning of the year, right, that we were phasing our marketing into the first half of the year and less so in the second half of the year. So that is also a positive. And then we've got a positive mix coming through, right? And we've got a nice positive mix coming through from a from our above premiumization strategy across the world, not just in the United States. So that's what gives us confidence to keep our guidance at the levels that we have.
Andrea Teixeira: And then on the hedging, as we think about next year, like I understand that obviously, the hedges and just to make sure that it's just the lapping of the hedges or -- it's also obviously the carryover from a couple of other costs because I understand, obviously, cans are being slightly cheaper now and more available, just to think how we should think about also the transportation COGS and all of that embedded in your guide?
Gavin Hattersley: Tracey, can talk about the hedging. I'll talk about it from a high level, right? So we're not going to give guidance on this call. We always give it on the fourth quarter call, which is February once all our internal plans are signed in Sand Board. But step back to the revitalization plan, Andrea. The objective of that plan was to drive both top line and bottom line growth on a consistent basis. We grew top line in 2021. Our guidance is out there that we're going to grow top and bottom line in 2022. And it's not meant to be a one-off thing. It's meant to be a consistent driver of top line and bottom line growth for our business is the very essence of our revitalization plan. But from a hedging point of view, can you give any more color without giving guidance?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. And I think -- thanks. So I think one of the important things around our hedging program is it really is there to help us smooth some of the volatility as we see in the commodity price fluctuation. So we've said that we're comfortable with the coverage level for the balance of the year and in 2023. And the way that we hedge is it's not programmatic so it does allow us to be opportunistic. And then typically, we have the highest hedges in year 1 and then less in year 2 and less in year 3. So again, it's a tight program. We operate within guardrails, but it's really to smooth the commodity price fluctuations.
Operator: And the next question goes to Eric Serotta of Morgan Stanley. Eric, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Eric Serotta: Wondering if you have any color in terms of the phasing of -- or the cadence of your trends in Western Europe. Summer was obviously quite strong, particularly in the U.K, but any signs of weakness coming out of the quarter or entering the fourth quarter particularly in light of what one of your competitors said recently.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Eric. Look, I mean, as I said, if you look at the U.K., market demand has been resilient. The consumer is holding up, and we haven't seen any change in that post the end of the quarter. Certainly, we have started to see a tightening in the Central Eastern Europe market. As I said, the hedge space from a disposable income point of view is a lot tighter in Central and Eastern Europe and the impact of energy and inflation has been a lot stronger in our Central and Eastern European markets. So we certainly have seen a softening in demand from our Central European business, but in the U.K., the consumer has remained resilient.
Operator: And the next question goes to Nadine Sarwat of Bernstein. Nadine, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Nadine Sarwat: Two quick questions for me, please. So first, could you just walk us exactly through what changed between the last results and today such that you're guiding the earnings growth guidance to the bottom end. So just working through what has happened that was unexpected versus what you thought last quarter? And then secondly, can you give us any indication of how you plan to approach pricing next year, especially given that input cost headwinds will still be there given the hedging programs Tracey flagged?
Gavin Hattersley: Look, I would say two things, right? From a -- what changed to drive us to the lower end would be consumer demand in our Central and Eastern European businesses plus some slightly higher cost of goods sold in those markets for unhedged areas. And that would apply probably across the board, but more meaningfully in our Central and Eastern European business. As far as pricing is concerned, look, Nadine, I think it's a little too soon to tell, right? We've just put in historic price increases in 2022 of almost 10%, as I said, and we need to let that play out a little bit, right? We don't have any data for our latest price increase showing what, if any, impact it's had on the consumer from a price elasticity point of view. And so we've got several months to make that decision on how much or if at all, we need to put a price increase into the marketplace. Certainly, the benefits of the 10% we've just put in this year will flow through into next year from a positive point of view, not only in the U.S. but also the price increases we put in Canada, U.K. and Central and Eastern Europe.
Operator: And the next question goes to Kaumil Gajrawala of Credit Suisse. Kaumil, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Can you maybe just -- I want to square some of your answer to Nadine's question on the pressure in Eastern Europe and what's driven guidance to the lower end of the range. shouldn't that be more than offset by the $50 million change in your depreciation expectations?
Gavin Hattersley: Remember, our guidance, Kaumil, is in constant currency, right? So we eliminate the impact of foreign exchange flow-throughs in our guidance. So it's a constant currency basis.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Yes. But the question on depreciation, if you -- if the depreciation ends up being $50 million less than you thought, I'm just thinking about the amount of cushion that gives you given the magnitude of that change. It just feels like it should have been able to offset quite a change on the areas where you were negatively impacted. Is that not the case?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So just remember, the $50 million reduction is for the full year. So it has been running lower for the first 9 months of the year. So I don't expect like if the full $50 million in Q4.
Gavin Hattersley: Remember, our guidance was $750 million, plus or minus, right? So we have been running at the lower end of that for the 9 months, Kaumil. So yes, there's not a $50 million benefit in the fourth quarter. That is for sure.
Kaumil Gajrawala: That clarifies that. And then just quickly on the World Cup and marketing, it's just -- maybe it's just timing, but I might have expected that marketing would be higher during a World Cup period. And I think in the past or before years, there's this little sort of bump in marketing. Just curious why it's intended to be lower at this time.
Gavin Hattersley: Look, I mean, our approach to marketing, Kaumil, is constantly to optimize our media spend to reach drinkers with the right brands at the right moment, with the right level of investments. And we are agile, and we do pivot to drive the best possible return that we can get in the marketplace. Obviously, the World Cup is less of a thing, so to speak, in our North American business. But having said that, it's a big deal with our Latino consumer. And that's why we're going to have a very significant presence in the World Cup with the Topo Chico Hard Seltzer. We're going to be advertising on 50 games, on Spanish language TV and we're actually really excited about that opportunity given that Topo Chico has got less than less than half of the awareness of White Claw, but over indexes with Latino consumers who are under indexed in the seller space. So this is a perfect opportunity for us to bring Topo Chico to life through the World Cup and we'll be on the big games, Mexico, U.S. and so on that really resonate with our Latino consumers. In the U.K. and in some of the other markets where soccer is a big deal, we will certainly be putting more money behind our brands. Carling is a fine example. Carling will play very well during the World Cup, given us market share in the on-premise and how World Cup soccer has traditionally driven people into the on-premise outlets. So we will be supporting our brands, particularly where soccer makes a big difference, which is in our APAC business.
Operator: And the next question goes to Gerald Pascarelli of Wedbush Securities. Gerald, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Gerald Pascarelli: Thank you very much for the question. In flavored malt beverages, you've been a consistent market share gainer over the course of the year, largely on the strength in Topo Chico and Simply Spiked, both of which are benefiting from incremental distribution gains, which will need to be cycled next year. So my question is, how are you thinking about sustaining momentum in flavored malt beverages? And are you seeing anything in terms of consumer repeat rates on these two brands that give you confidence? And being able to successfully cycle what would be a year of tough compares in 2023?
Gavin Hattersley: Look, we see these two brands operating in quite different places, right? So Topo Chico is way more in the seltzer space and simply is in the flavored malt beverage space, right, the fuller flavored area. So let's just take those two separately. Simply Spiked has been an incredible success so far. It's the number one new item in total [indiscernible] since launch. We only launched it halfway through the year. So we've got a full 6 months next year of no compass at all. And then we've got a full 6 months, frankly, where we -- not a full 6 months. It's the biggest selling season for Simply where we were severely constrained from a supply point of view because this brand just blew our socks off from a volume point of view. So in terms of compass, we -- we've got a lot of tailwind behind Simply Spiked next year. We've got the production to handle it. We in-source it into Fort Worth much quicker than we were originally thinking we were going to do. And we're certainly going to innovate with Simply Spiked as well. I mean, simply, the non-ALC version is the number one chilled juice brand in the United States. It's founded one out of every two American households and as we look to the future, we can tap into the simply non-op portfolio for ideas and how we're going to take innovation forward with Simply. So yes, strong, strong potential for this brand next year, and we have the production and the distribution gains to do that. And you're right. It was the number one flavored malt beverage this summer across many of our top rate. Topo Chico is slightly different, right? But just as impressive performance from our perspective. I mean, in -- from a Topo Chico in its first year of national distribution. It's growing more dollar share than any other Seltzer brand in the last 52 weeks. Molson Coors as a whole with Topo Chico and buys got the fastest growing Hard Seltzer portfolio of any brand in our competitor set. Obviously, Topo Chico drives a large part of that. But we've just scratched the surface with Topo Chico Hard Seltzer. As I said, it's only got half the awareness of White Claw. It's got strong momentum and performance across the country, not only in its expansion markets like Michigan and Wisconsin and North Carolina, but also in its original markets of Texas and California. It's bringing new drinkers into the category. We over-index significantly with the Latino consumer who has typically under-indexed from a Seltzer point of view. And we've got lots of innovation planned around Topo Chico. We launched Ranch Water in January. We had Topo Chico Margarita that we launched in April, and we've got Topo Chico Spirit that's coming next year. So overall, in two very different spaces, we think we've got some really exciting innovation that's got a lot of run rate, a lot of tailwind behind it.
Operator: And the final question today goes to Brett Cooper of Consumer Research. Brett, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brett Cooper: Gavin, as we continue to see nonelite advertiser position itself against Ultra, I have to assume that you're finding success in recruiting or winning consumers relative to a competing brand, but I was hoping that you could speak to the interaction between brands and your success. And then I guess this is a backward-looking question, so where we are today, but also cognizant are thinking about the competition that's coming into light beer from large brands in 2023.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Brett. Look, I mean, you're right. We've got fantastic momentum behind Miller Lite right now. It grew NSR in 2021. It's growing NSR year-to-date in 2022. And we continue to believe that Miller Lite's brand positioning as the beer for people who just love the taste of a great beer is resonating really, really well. It's come to life across all of Miller Lite's marketing from new localization spots that resonate around football. We've got the competitive spots that, that show middle like superior taste compared to other light beers and one of which you mentioned in your question. So our marketing effectiveness for this brand has meaningfully increased over the summer period to June to August. We've got strong feature and display growth through the football season. And that's paying off with our largest chain retailers with one of our largest chains midlines now the number four brand for total beer sales and the number one most displayed brand. So we've increased its media investment, and it's become the major sponsor of ESP and Fantasy, and it's taking share from many of its competitors, including Mich Ultra and Bud Light to name to.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions. I'll hand back to Greg for any closing remarks.
Greg Tierney: Very good. Thanks, Nadia. So I appreciate everyone's time today. I know there may be some questions we weren't able to get to, but please follow-up with our Investor Relations team in the days and weeks that follow. And we will look forward to talking with you as the year progresses. Thanks, everybody, for joining us on today's call.
Operator: Thank you. This now concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company's Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of Molson Coor's website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. With that, I'll hand over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations to begin. Greg, please go ahead.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, operator, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks today from Gavin and Tracey, we will take your questions. In an effort to address as many questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to 1 question. If you have more than 1 question, we'll answer your first question and then ask you to re-enter the queue for any additional or follow-up questions. If you have technical questions on the quarter, please pick them up with our IR team in the days and the weeks that follow. Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release and also unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period in U.S. dollars and in constant currency when discussing percentage changes from the prior year period. With that, over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg. In the second quarter of 2022, we achieved our expectations and continued to execute our revitalization plan, despite a soft industry, global inflationary pressures and Quebec labor strike at our Montreal brewery. Globally, we have now recorded revenue growth on a constant currency basis. Molson Coors grew dollar share in the U.S. in the 13-week quarter, both of which have not been achieved in over a decade. Whatâs more, weâre 1 of only 2 major beer companies to achieve dollar share growth in the 13-week time frame. In Canada, Molson Coors grew volume and share when you factor out Quebec due to the Quebec labor strike. In the U.K., Molson Coors grew share and achieved the highest on-premise trailing 12-month average share also in over a decade. And we are currently the largest share gainer of the U.K. beer industry. So in aggregate, across our 3 largest markets, we are outpacing the industry and continuing to grow the top line globally. And these results are no accident. They're not a coincidence. These are the rewards of our continued commitment to and execution of the revitalization plan. So our plan is working and that fact gives us continued confidence that we are on track to deliver on our guidance for 2022. You can see it in our core brands with stronger brand fundamentals and consistent investments since we launched the revitalization plan of paying off. In the second quarter, Coors Light and Miller Lite achieved the best quarterly industry share performance in the U.S. in nearly 7 years. While Miller Lite grew share of industry in the quarter, as I mentioned last quarter, these results are driven by clear distinctive positioning of our 2 biggest brands and more effective marketing. We are demonstrating the power of our biggest brands, and we intend to keep investing behind them. Coors Banquet, our oldest brand in the U.S. is also 1 of our fastest-growing beer brands with dollar sales up double digits and growing share of the total beer industry, fueled by a new generation of drinkers. In Canada, Molson Canadian is growing share of the total beer industry for the first time in 8 years. In the U.K., Carling, the largest beer brand in the U.K., managed to further solidify its number one position in the total market, in the majority of their markets. Around the world, our core brands are not just stronger than they've been in many years, our core brands are outpacing the rest of the beer industry, itâs an incredible foundation for our business to build on. We also continue to find success in premiumizing our business even in challenging economic times. Our Above Premium brands again hit a record high portion of our global portfolio net sales revenue on a trailing 12-month basis with positive progress made across the business. The net sales revenue of our U.S. Above Premium portfolio is now higher than the net sales revenue of our U.S. economy portfolio on a trailing 12-month basis. That trend was driven by the rapid growth of our Hard Seltzers, the strong launch of Simply Spiked Lemonade, and Blue Moon and Peroni's continued drivers coming out of the pandemic. Last quarter, our share the U.S. Hard Seltzer segment grew by 25% from just over 7% in the first quarter to over 9% in the second quarter, and our Hard Seltzers are currently growing share of the total beer industry. That growth once again makes Molson Coors the fastest-growing Hard Seltzers portfolio in the U.S. Not only has business grown Seltzers share during this period, the Topo Chico Hard Seltzer has quickly become the fastest-growing Hard Seltzer in the U.S. and was a top 5 industry growth brand in the quarter. We said that Simply Spiked Lemonade would redefine the full flavor alcohol beverage segment. And today, the results back that up. In just a few weeks, we have sold over 60,000 hectoliters, achieved a 3.5 share of F&B segment in the latest 4-week read from IRR, and it is already 1 of the top F&Bs in several major grocery retailers. In addition, brand volumes for Blue Moon were up high single digits, while Peroni was up high teens on a year-to-date basis. And our business globally continues to premiumize as well. In our Latin American business, where most of our brands sell at an Above Premium price points, we continue to grow volume in the second quarter. This was driven by strong growth in the Colombia, Chile and Honduras markets. Additionally, in Mexico, Coors Light is back to healthy growth, up double digits versus the prior year, while Miller High Life earned a record sales month in June. In the U.K., Coors is gaining share of the total beer industry, and Madri's growth is amazing. Madri has seen the most value growth of any brand in its first year in the U.K. on-premise, making it the most successful launch in the entire 16 years that the on-premise measurement service has been tracking the industry. There's been 2 years after its launch, the brand has sold over 200,000 hectoliters in the first half of 2022 alone, making it 1 of the top 20 U.K. beers and have only just launched in the off-premise in March. This is a brand youâd also get to know, because you're going to be hearing a lot about it in the years to come. And Praha, a relatively newer Pilsner from Staropramen has earned strong results in Central and Eastern Europe, and successfully launched this year in Romania. This will be its second largest market to date, and we believe this expansion has the potential to significantly increase Praha's volumes. Our Canadian business also continues to premiumize, of particular note in that market is our Six Pints craft beer division, which is growing at about 4x the rate of the craft beer category in Canada. Premium lager specifically grew by over 30% in the second quarter. And our Canadian Hard Seltzers portfolio continues to grow. We grew share of the segment in the second quarter. Coors Seltzer is now the number 7 Hard Seltzer in Canada and Vizzy is number 5. Combined, there are over 12 share of the Canadian Hard Seltzer segments in the latest and that's before Topo Chico Hard Seltzer launched nationally in Canada. Now I can imagine that you're all thinking that premiumization is very nice, but how well are we prepared for a recessionary environment. First, we do continue to see trade-up in our portfolio and in the industry across our major markets, as you can see from what I just shared. But it's also true and notable that the economy segment is strengthening in the U.S. and three of our 4 key economy brands grew segment share in the second quarter. In fact, our economy portfolio has had its best quarterly performance versus the industry in the last 3 years. And excluding the discontinued brands from the SKU rationalization program, our Economy brands grew share of total industry in the quarter. We have long held at all segments  in the beer industry, and it's never truer than it is in these times. The shape of our portfolio even as we continue to premiumize it, ensures that we have strong offerings and strong brands for consumers across the range of price points. That gives us the ability to adapt our brands should the need arise regardless of the economic climate. While Tracey will go into more detail, I would be remiss if I acknowledge some of the one-off challenges we faced in the second quarter. The 11-week Quebec labor strike adversely affected our Americas and global top line results. The Quebec labor strike ended in June and employees returned to the brewery and distribution center just a few days later. I'm pleased with the performance as we get the facility back up and running. Out of an abundance of caution, we also conducted a voluntary withdrawal of nearly 2 million cases of beer due to a quality issue at 1 of our U.S. breweries. And importantly, there were no health or safety risks. We have taken steps to correct the problem. And because our national inventory position on new skills is stronger than it has been in years, we were also able to divert production into this market from other breweries and quickly replenish supply. So the good news in both instances, if there is any, is that both situations have been addressed, and we still met the projection that we laid out for you earlier this year. That is a testament to the health of our business. I know it is reasonable to say that 3 years ago, either 1 of these issues would have been severely damaging to our business. Now they're certainly not helpful, and we're not looking to repeat them, but they have not taken us off course. And we owe this improved health of the business to the clear progress Molson Coors has made through a consistent execution of the revitalization plan over the past few years. Our plan is working, but I'm also realistic about the challenging global macroeconomic environment in which we are operating. Itâs created uncertainty for our consumers, our business, our competitors and really all businesses in the consumer goods space. And yet the progress we have made in improving the health of our brands and our business has us well positioned to navigate the current economic climate and to deliver on our full year guidance. Today, we have a portfolio that is well positioned to successfully compete within the entire range of consumer demands, whether that be taste or price. We have a timing benefit in the second half of this year as we gradually diminish how much of the last year's inventory rebuild we will be lapping. Additionally, by the fourth quarter, we will no longer be lapping the shipment headwind from the SKU rationalization program from last year. In Canada and Europe, some of our biggest global markets and ones in which the Christmas season is among the most important beer selling occasions, we have the prospects of a strong fourth quarter, thanks to waning coronavirus restrictions. And as Tracey will discuss in more detail, we will have the benefits of our fourth quarter U.S. price increase which will further help offset inflation. All of this, combined with the strength of our brands gives us the continued confidence to reaffirm our guidance of top and bottom line growth for the year. And now to give you more detail on the financials and outlook, I'll hand it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Tracey Joubert. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert : For the second quarter, we delivered another quarter of top line growth on a constant currency basis and achieved income before income tax at the favorable end of our anticipated range, while we continue to invest in our business, reduce net debt and return cash to shareholders. We did this while navigating global inflationary pressures, the Quebec labor strike and starting a strong shipment quarter in the prior year. Our performance and our organizational agility demonstrates our successes against our revitalization plan. And it's the efforts and outcomes of that plan that provide us the confidence to reaffirm our guidance which calls for both top and bottom line growth for the year. Now I'll take you through our core key performance and our outlook. Consolidated net sales revenue increased 2.2%, driven by strong EMEA and APAC growth. As restrictions have eased, we have seen sequential improvement in the on-premise performance with variations by market and total net sales revenues returned to 99% of 2019 levels. Consolidated net sales revenue growth was driven by strong global net pricing, favorable sales mix from portfolio premiumization, and positive channel mix. These factors were partially offset by lower financial volumes. Consolidated financial volumes decreased 4.6% as we cycle distributed inventory recovery efforts in the second quarter of 2021. The impacts of the Quebec labor strike as well as lower U.S. economy brand volumes driven by our SKU deprioritization and rationalization program that started in the second quarter of 2021. These factors were partially offset by strong financial and volume growth both in EMEA and APAC due to higher brand volumes and factored volumes, along with growth in our U.S. Above Premium portfolio. Net sales per hectolitre on a brand volume basis increased 7.1% driven by global net pricing and positive brand and channel mix, with premiumization delivered across both business units. Underlying cost per hectoliter increased 11.5%, driven by cost inflation, including higher input and transportation costs, mix impacts from premiumization and factor brands in EMEA and APAC as well as deleverage. This was partially offset by lower depreciation expense. Underlying MG&A in the quarter increased 7.5%. G&A was up due to higher people related cost, including increased travel and entertainment, while marketing investments increased as we continue to provide strong commercial support behind our core brands and new innovation. As a result of these factors, underlying net income before income taxes decreased 22.8%, which was at the favorable end of our outlook range of down 20% to 30%. While we discuss our business performance on a constant currency basis, on a reported basis, our second quarter results were negatively impacted by the strength of the U.S. dollar. This impacted our reported net sales revenue by 280 basis points, and our underlying income before income tax by 150 basis points in the quarter. Underlying free cash flow was $287 million for the first half of the year, a decrease of $271 million from the same period last year, primarily due to the timing of cash paid for capital expenditures and lower net income, partially offset by lower cash taxes. Capital expenditures paid were $389 million for the first half of the year, an increase of $177 million from the prior year period and focused on expanding our production capacity and capabilities program. Now let's take a look at our results by business units. In Americas, the on-premise has not returned to pre-pandemic levels, but continues to improve on a sequential quarterly basis. In the second quarter, the Americas on-premise channel accounted for approximately 13% of our net sales revenue compared to approximately 16% in the same period in 2019. In the U.S., on-premise net sales revenue improved to 93% of 2019 levels compared to 87% in the first quarter of 2022. And in Canada, on-premise net sales revenue was 77% of 2019 levels, up from 55% in the first quarter of 2022. Americas net sales revenue was down 1.7% as net pricing growth in the U.S. and Canada and positive brand mix were offset by lower financial volumes as declines were expected. Americas financial volumes decreased 8.1%, largely due to cycling higher U.S. shipments due to the prior year period inventory recovery efforts as well as 2.2% lower brand volumes, including impacts related to the Quebec labor strike. In the U.S., net sales revenue declined 2.1% with domestic shipments down 8.2%, outpacing brand volume decline of 1.7%. Brand volume declines were driven by Economy brands, which were down high single digits, largely due to the SKU deprioritization and rationalization program. To a lesser degree, our premium brand volumes also declined, reflective of a soft industry. Volume declines were offset by continued strength in the Above Premium portfolio, which was up nearly double digits for the quarter. In Canada, net sales revenue decreased 2.3% as brand volume declines of 8%, driven by the Montreal brewery strike, were largely offset by positive pricing, premiumization and channel mix. Latin America net sales revenue decreased slightly as higher brand volume of 1.8% was offset by mix shift to our licensed business. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 6.2% due to net pricing growth and favorable brand mix. U.S. net sales per hectoliter increased 6.7%, driven by net pricing growth and positive brand mix led by the Above Premium brands. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis grew 8% in Canada due to net pricing increases and positive sales mix, while Latin America decreased 4.2% due to unfavorable sales mix. Americas COGS per hectoliter increased 10.2% due to inflation, including higher cost for brewery, packaging and brewing materials and freight as well as volume deleverage and mix impacts from premiumization, and this was partially offset by lower depreciation. Underlying MG&A increased mid-single digits on higher G&A due to increased people-related costs, travel and entertainment expenses, and increased U.S. marketing investments. In the U.S., we increased marketing investments high single digits, putting strong support behind our core brands and innovations, including Topo Chico Hard Seltzer and the June national launch of Simply Spiked Lemonade as well as in local sponsorship and events. As a result, Americas underlying net income before income taxes decreased 20%. Turning to EMEA and APAC, net sales revenue increased 20.5% driven by higher financial volumes, net pricing growth and favourable mix. Top line performance also benefited from fewer on-premise restrictions in the U.K. compared to the second quarter of 2021. Recall that the on-premise in the U.K. was closed the entire first quarter of 2021 and did not fully reopen without restrictions until July 19, 2021. So in the second quarter, our on-premise net sales revenue in the U.K. exceeded 2019 second quarter levels. EMEA and APAC net sales per hectolitre on a brand volume basis, was up 16.5%, driven by positive sales mix with the on-premise reopening and strengthening our Above Premium brand as well as net pricing growth. Financial volume growth of 6.2% was due to higher brand volumes in Western Europe as well as in Central and Eastern Europe, along with higher factor brand volumes. COGS per hectoliter increased 22% due to rising inflationary pressures and increased factor brand sales. MG&A increased 14.2% as we cycled lower relative G&A spending in the prior year and increased marketing spend, accelerating investments behind our national champion and premium brands, especially in the U.K. supporting Carling, Madri and Staropramen fueling on-premise strength. As a result of these higher costs, EMEA and APAC underlying net income before income tax declined 22.7%. Turning to capital allocation. Our priorities are to invest in our business to drive top line growth and efficiencies, reduce net debt and to return cash to shareholders. We ended the quarter with net debt of $6.4 billion, which included the repayment of our $500 million, 3.5% USD notes upon maturity on May 1, 2022, using a combination of commercial paper borrowings and cash on hand. Notably, and are particularly important during these volatile times, our debt is substantially all at fixed rates with a minimal amount of variable rate debt. We ended the quarter with $250 million of commercial paper outstanding, leaving us with strong borrowing capacity with $1.3 billion available on our $1.5 billion U.S. revolving credit facility. Our trailing 12-month net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio was 3.2x as of the end of the second quarter, down from 3.35x at the end of the second quarter in 2021. We remain on track to achieve our target net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio of below 3x by the end of 2022 and remain committed to maintaining and in time, upgrading our investment-grade rating. Also, during the second quarter, in addition to paying a quarterly cash dividend of $0.58 per share to holders of Class A and B common stockholders, We paid approximately $12.1 million for 250,000 shares under our share repurchase program. Now let's discuss our outlook, we are reaffirming our fiscal 2022 guidance, which calls for both top and bottom line growth in 2022, performance we have not seen in over a decade. Before we go through the guidance, please be reminded that year-over-year growth rates are on a constant currency basis. However, it's important to note that continued strength in the U.S. dollar will result in a headwind to our reported results in the effective period using current exchange rates. For 2022, we continue to expect to deliver mid-single-digit net sales revenue growth, high single-digit underlying income before income taxes growth, and underlying free cash flow of $1 billion, plus or minus 10%. We are confident to reaffirm this guidance as our announced 3% to 5% pricing increase in some U.S. markets, as Gavin mentioned, are expected to offset volume headwinds given the softness in the industry and residual impact of the Montreal brewery strike that was resolved in June. In terms of top line phasing, in the third quarter, we will still have some volume headwinds from the Economy SKU rationalization program, which we will not fully lap from a shipment perspective until the fourth quarter. Also, while the Quebec labor strike was resolved in mid-June, it will take time to ramp up production and we don't anticipate returning to normal shipment levels from this brewery until the fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter, we had multiple top line growth drivers. First, we have announced additional pricing in the 3% to 5% range in many markets in the U.S. That pricing will take effect in the fourth quarter. Second, recall that year-over-year top line comparisons will begin to ease in the fourth quarter, given the renewed on-premise restrictions in the fourth quarter of 2021, particularly in the U.K. and Canada. And in November, the World Cup will take place, which is a big beer drinking occasion in Europe and notably the U.K. Third, as I just mentioned, we will have fully lapped the shipment headwind from Economy SKU rationalization by the fourth quarter. On the cost side, we expect margins to continue to be impacted by inflationary pressures in areas including input materials and transportation costs in the second half of the year. That said, we have multiple levers to help offset inflationary pressures, which include pricing, mix from premiumization, and our cost savings and hedging programs. When comparing year-over-year COGS per hectoliter growth for the second half of the year to the second quarter, it's important to note a few things. First, the second quarter was meaningfully impacted by volume deleverage, which we would not expect to continue in the second half of the year. And due to the timing and ramp-up of initiatives, the realization of savings and our cost savings program is weighted to the fourth quarter of this year. In terms of marketing, we continue to expect to invest more in 2022 than we did in 2021, but in the second half of the year, overall marketing spend is expected to be down compared to the prior year period. We anticipate higher year-over-year investment in the third quarter. However, in the fourth quarter, we do not anticipate increases. We are comfortable with our level of marketing investment in the second half of the year and would remind you that in the second half of 2021, we had ramped up marketing levels to those exceeding that of the respective period in 2019. In terms of our other guidance metrics, we continue to expect net interest expense of $265 million, plus or minus 5%. Underlying depreciation and amortization guidance of $750 million plus or minus 5% and an underlying effective tax range -- rate in the range of 22% to 24%. In closing, our strategy is working, and we expect that to continue to play out in our long-term financial and operational performance. To be sure, these are dynamic and uncertain times, but we have built our business to manage through challenges. Molson Coors is a highly cash-generative business with a dramatically improved balance sheet, enhanced flexibility in its operating and cost structure, and a product portfolio that addresses all segments of the market while consistently evolving its concentration to areas of growth. We are proud of the progress we have made against the revitalization plan and the successes achieved under that plan give us confidence in our 2022 guidance and in our long-term goal of sustainable top and bottom line growth. And with that, we look forward to answering your questions. Operator?
Operator:  Our first question comes from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: I wanted to pick up on your guidance, perhaps a question for both of you. So reaffirm for the year, the back half still implies a pretty sharp ramp in underlying EBT growth. So I'm not asking you to kind of go through or parse through all of that again. But it would appear that the market seems to harbor some concern on the achievability of that. Maybe just discuss your visibility on the mid-single-digit, underlying sales growth for the year, some of the building blocks around that category growth, brand growth, et cetera. And then also just touch on the visibility from a cost perspective and some of the margin drivers in order to deliver sharply higher EBT growth in the back half of the year.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin. Look, you're right, okay, I won't rehash everything, Tracey said in her opening remarks, but let me just start off by saying we did in the second quarter, exactly what we said we were going to do. In fact, we did it at the lower end or the better end of the guidance that we gave the market after the second quarter -- the first quarter, sorry, in the second quarter. So where do we stand right now, right? I mean we had an 11-week strike in the second quarter, which we obviously knew about the strike, and that's why we guided you to where we did. But we grew dollar share in the U.S. on a 13-quarter week basis. And we're 1 of only 2 major beer companies to actually achieve dollar share growth in the 13-week time frame. We've got the fastest-growing Hard Seltzer portfolio. Coors Light and Miller Lite are really strong, and they had their best quarterly industry share performance in the U.S., our both premium brands hit record highs. Our U.S. economy beer portfolio has had its best quarterly performance versus the industry in 3 years. Our revenue is holding up. That's evidenced by the fact that our share is doing really well despite the fact that we put a price increase in the earlier part of this year. It gives us confidence to put another price increase then, as Tracey said, in the back half of the year. So notwithstanding everything that's happened, our brand portfolio is strong, whether that's in the United States or whether it's in Canada or whether it's in Europe, and we feel very good about building off of that. And as I said, look, I'm not going to rehash everything Tracey said, and I don't think you should either, but I mean do you want to make a comment about the cost environment that Kevin referenced.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So Kevin, maybe just a little bit of context, I'll just talk about firstly our COGS per hectoliter in Q2. So we reported an 11.5% underlying cost per hectoliter increase. So if I break that down, inflation was 570 basis points of that. And then the mix, our premiumization of our portfolio was 300 basis points. So we always look at that as a good thing driving the premiumization. And then deleverage was 210 basis points driven by, as we said, the inventory goals last year in the U.S. and the Quebec strike. So those are the big drivers of our COGS per hectolitre in the second quarter. As we look out then to the balance of the year, I mean, we expect inflationary pressures to continue. But we do expect to mitigate some of that through our hedging and our cost savings program. So in terms of the hedging coverage, as we look out over the balance of 2022, we're very comfortable with our hedge position. We continue to make good progress against our cost savings program, and we expect the realization of some of those savings under our program to be weighted to the fourth quarter of this year. And then as I also mentioned, I think it's very important to understand that the deleverage that we saw in Q2, we don't expect to see a similar deleverage impact in the second half of the year to what we saw in Q2. So I would just consider those big drivers as you look out at the back half of the year as it relates to our costs.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Serotta of Morgan Stanley.
Eric Serotta : I know you guys don't give monthly STRs anymore, but Gavin, hoping to get some at least qualitative color for you -- from you as to what you're seeing in terms of the beer market -- the U.S. beer market as the summer has unfolded. Heard July 4 was generally solid for most of the industry, but then have heard some mixed things as July unfolded. Hoping to get your perspective.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks, Eric. Look, you're right. I mean we don't give monthly guidance. We stopped doing that a while ago. I think you can see our performance in the share data that comes out from a Nielsen or an IRR basis, which is publicly available data. And I can reiterate what I just said from a share point of view. Our brands are growing share, not only in the United States from a dollar point of view, but also in Canada and also in our third other big market, which is the U.K. So we're continuing to build on the strength which we delivered in Q2. We've got some really positive innovations, which have only just hit the market. I talked about Simply Spiked. That brand has really just taken off. We've already exceeded our business case for the year. We're ramping up supply as quickly as we possibly can to meet demand, which has frankly surprised us. We've accelerated the in-housing of Simply into the Fort Worth brewery for 2 -- I mean, we weren't planning to do that until next year, frankly, but demand is so strong that we brought it in-house, and we did that in a record time. I think it took us about 6 weeks to get it into the brewery and we're getting cost savings and ramping up supply into the market. So I would expect our share trends in the flavored malt beverage space to accelerate as we're going forward. And without wishing to rehash everything I said about Miller Lite and Coors Light and our Above Premium space, we're in a great share position. And Tracey mentioned some of the headwinds which go away for us in the second half. I mean we -- essentially last Christmas in the U.K. and Europe, and it's a really important time period for that business last year, and we're obviously not expecting to lose it again this year. And we're coming out of the Canadian Montreal, Quebec strike. All of Canada's volume loss that took place in the second quarter came out of Quebec. If it hadn't been for the strike, we would have -- but we did grow volumes outside of Quebec. And as we ramp up supply into the third quarter and specifically the fourth quarter, I would expect to see the improvements there. So I think we had a strong quarter. We had a strong quarter, despite the soft industry, despite the global inflationary pressures and the labor strike and we delivered what we said we're going to deliver and at the better end of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nadine Sarwat of Alliance Bernstein.
Nadine Sarwat : So first question, you mentioned 3% to 5% in certain markets in Q4. Can I just confirm that this is incremental, so in addition to pricing taken year to date, what is the pricing impact at a national level? Not just certain markets but national. And is this fully baked into your mid-single-digit top line guidance? And then 1 very quick follow-up. I appreciate you already gave some comments on COGS, and you touched on your hedging strategy, should imply you do have good visibility into next year. So are you expecting your COGS headwinds from input costs in 2023 to be smaller or greater than the headwinds you're expecting to face in full year '22?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine. I'll let Tracey answer the COGS question, but from a pricing point of view, just -- let me just clarify some of those comments you made. So the 3% to 5% is on a national average basis. So we expect to take pricing in that range on a national basis on average in the -- it will hit primarily in the fourth quarter and probably that will come towards the end of the third. That means that in some markets, we'll take above 5%, and in some markets, we'll take below 3%. But on average, we expect it to land in that range. And then secondly, yes, it is incremental to the pricing we already took in the beginning of this year. And yes, it is bakes into our expectations for the full year. Trace, do you want to take COGS, cover the COGS question?
Tracey Joubert: So Nadine, from a COGS point of view, the 1 thing I can tell you is, I think I've spoken about our hedging program and how we hedge. And so if I look at 2023, I mean we're comfortable with our hedge position as we stand today. In terms of other drivers of our cost for next year, we havenât given guidance on that. But thereâs a couple of things obviously, looking at commodities all the time. We see freight rates coming down on some commodities that are growing up, so itâs a little bit of a mix bag at the moment. And costs going forward â thereâs still a lot of uncertainty, but its something that obviously we continue to look at as we get into next year, weâll talk a little bit more about our asset for 2023.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane : So I just -- again, just thinking about the back half of the year, I guess, if I'm just replaying what we've heard on the call today, you've got some incremental pricing, which will flow through the fourth quarter. There is a residual impact from the Canadian strike, which now you have to absorb. And then the only other piece that's really changed is, I think, Gavin, you talked about just, I don't know, some expectation for the market to moderate. So I had that right, and I'm not sure how big Canadian residual is, but it really just seems like if anything, the pricing still gives you net a little bit more cushion, if you will. And with regards to which way the market might move if it gets more slows more or not. So I just want to make sure that I'm contextualizing that right? Because I think, again, as I think Kevin Grundy pointed out, I think there's still a lot of concerned about the back half, and it seems like 2Q, you landed right in the middle of the fairway. It always implied that a lot of the leverage in the back was always going to be in the back half of the year. It just seems like you actually have a little bit more cushion with the pricing now than you did before, even in the context of some of the maybe incremental headwinds.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, Bryan, to advance that golfing, yes, I think we landed in the middle of the fairway, maybe about 10 yards further than than we expected. We didnât really â we didnât obviously head into our guidance the voluntary product withdrawal. I think the Montreal went on just a couple of weeks longer than we were expecting it to. And despite all that, as you said, we landed in the middle of the fairway. Well, what's changed, right? I mean we knew we were going to take a price increase in the fall. We're probably going to get a little more than we were expecting. So it was our expectation that we're going to get it. But we're probably taking a little bit more, as I said. I think the overall industry is maybe just a little softer than we had expected. And when you add all of these things up, that gives us the confidence to deliver what we said we're going to deliver, Bryan. I don't know if that's helpful.
Bryan Spillane: Yes. No, that is helpful, but that's helpful. And Gavin, if I could just follow up the softness. Is that more on-premise versus off-premise? Just if you could give us a little context of just where you're starting to see a little bit of that softening, just as we're watching it from the outside, maybe what we should be monitoring?
Gavin Hattersley: Well, if you look at our 3 big markets, Bryan, in the U.K. from an on-premise point of view, it's settled down very close to 2019 levels. So I think in the first part of the quarter, it was a tad below and in June, it was a tad above. So call it, 98% of 2019 prepandemic levels in the U.K. In Canada, it's a little bit more tricky for us, right, because Quebec is an important on-premise market, and we were constrained in supply in Quebec. But even outside of the Quebec market, Canada has lagged the rest of the world in terms of consumers' propensity to get back into the on-premise. And in the U.S., Bryan, which is obviously our biggest market, it has settled down in the sort of 85% to at the top end sometimes 90% level. And I think that's probably where it's going to settle until circuit back into the big cities like New York and Chicago, and start visiting bars and restaurants on a more regular basis. I think commuting and office work habits have changed fairly meaningfully through the pandemic. And obviously, that's hitting the bigger market. So I would say it's probably more in the off-premise side than in the on-premise side that, that comment applies to.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo.
Chris Carey: So I just had one quick confirmation and then just a follow-up on Bryan's question around pricing. So just on the confirming 1 thing around the Economy SKU exit. Had you always expected those to go into the back half of the year? My understanding was those would mostly be done by Q2, but perhaps it's just taking a little bit longer to get those out of the system. So that's just kind of a follow-up. And then maybe just -- trying to maybe frame just a level of confidence on the pricing in Q4. Specifically, if you're pricing, I guess the category, which you expect to be a little bit softer in the back half from a volume perspective, right, because the volumes are weaker, and that was kind of what drove the deleveraging on the cost per hectoliter line. And so it sounds like you're being pretty targeted about the pricing in some areas over 5, some areas below 5. So it certainly sounds like you're pricing in areas where gives confidence that brands can withstand the higher rate. But I'd love to maybe just get a little bit more context on just the level of comfort that the pricing won't accelerate elasticities. So thanks for the follow up on the SKU axis and that commentary around pricing.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Chris. Okay. So on the SKU rationalization and the discontinuation of some of our Economy brands, there's 2 sides to this, right? From an STW perspective, that has a quicker impact than an STR or brand volume perspective. Because obviously, from an STR perspective, both our distributors and our retailers had inventory on hand of the brands that we discontinued. And so they continued to sell those until they sort of ran out, right? And that would take place, frankly, more towards the back end of the third quarter and into the fourth. From a shipment point of view, obviously, when we had the cybersecurity attack, we stopped shipping a bunch of Economy brands and we started picking those back up again, some of them towards the end of Q2, but predominantly in the end of Q3. So from a shipment point of view, the benefit is sooner than from an STR point of view. So if that -- hope I explained that, that okay. From a pricing point of view, look, I mean, we feel confident about putting pricing into the marketplace behind our brands. If you look at the peer CPI versus the national average CPI, even after putting these price increases into the market, we'll still be less than that and we're substantially less than some of the other products, which consumers are buying, whether it's eggs or bread or milk or gas, whatever. I mean we're substantially lower than those levels and lower than overall national average CPI. Our brands have also held up really well in the last sort of 4, 5 months since we put the overall price increase in place. I mean I don't think it's a coincidence as I said, that we're growing share. Weâre 1 of only 2 major beer companies in the United States to deliver dollar share growth in the 13-week time period. So we feel very good about the strength of our brands and the ability of them to absorb more pricing in the fall.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala of Credit Suisse.
Kaumil Gajrawala: A question on the volume deleverage, 210 basis points, I guess. Are you able to break out how much of that was onetime related to the brewery issues and such versus just a slower overall industry volume growth rate?
Gavin Hattersley: I guess you're asking to break down the industry -- the shipment decline, Kaumil. And I would say that the overall North American shipment decline was driven primarily by 2 things, right? One was the strike in Canada, which was the entirety of the Canadian volume loss. And the second 1 was obviously the -- I think I said this on the call last time around, we pulled out every stop we possibly could in the second quarter of last year to try and recover from a devastating cybersecurity attack. So we were shipping beer all over the country, we were -- folks were working long hours, over time, everything to try and make sure that we got as much beer out to the distributors. And that was inefficient and it cost us a bunch of money last year to do that. Obviously, this year, we're in a much more normal environment given our inventory levels. And we're not making sort of -- we -- our service levels are where we need them to be. So we're not having to ship beer all over the country at a higher cost in the second and the third quarters to meet that demand. And because of that, obviously, our shipments are a lot less. So that would be the biggest impact from a deleverage point of view. And the second biggest would be obviously our Canadian volumes. Our overall plan for the year is to ship to consumption, Kaumil. So that's generally our plan. We have shipped less than retail so far. And we'll get the deleverage benefit going forward. I don't really think deleverage will be a driver for us in Q2. In other words, a negative drag. Sorry, not in the second half -- yes, it won't be a negative driver for us in H2.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Got it. Okay. That's what I was going to clarify. Just to make sure on the spread between shipments and takeaway. Obviously, you've got this wild comp. But if you're happy with inventory levels, does that mean in the back half shipments to roughly align with STRs?
Gavin Hattersley: our plan for the full year is to shift to consumption, Kaumil. We've got work to do in Canada to catch up with what happened with the strike, right? I mean, obviously, having an 11-week strike at a really big plant like that is not a positive for us. And it will take us the whole of Q3 and into Q4 to recover from that. So certainly from a Canadian point of view, we will be shipping -- my expectation we would be shipping higher than we were selling. In the U.S., I think we shipped below STRs in the first half. And so you can expect that we will align that over the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Drew Levine : This is Drew Levine on for Andrea. I just really had two clarifications, if I may. On the incremental pricing slated for the fourth quarter, it sounded like the company is not really building in any sort of incremental volume decline or elasticity from the pricing increase, relative to kind of what was built into the guidance before? And then the second 1 is just on the MG&A. I think in the first quarter, you said it was slated to be up double digit on marketing and then in the second quarter, and it came in somewhat below that. Just curious if there was anything you saw to pull back on or if it was just kind of didn't see enough opportunity to deploy more spending?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Drew. Look, I mean, from a marketing perspective, obviously, we don't manage our marketing spend on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We manage it over the year, and we manage it long -- for the long term. And we frankly don't always spend marketing in the same quarter as we did in the previous year, depending on what happens. Specifically to your question, though, obviously, the Quebec strike went on a little longer than we expected, and it made no sense for us to be marketing up in Canada when we were not able to supply. And so we did spend less in marketing, particularly in Canada than we were originally intending, because of the fact that we had the strike and at some point, we didn't have any beer to sales. So that was, I think, probably a good decision on our part. Outside of Quebec, we increased our marketing spend across the board. And we had some  marketing spend. Simply launch, as I said, has just been off the charts good. And we don't normally launch innovations in the time period that we'd launched Simply. We normally do them earlier than that. So there's a bit of marketing spend that's coming through in Q2 there. From a pricing point of view, obviously, we do watch what our brand's performance is when we put pricing into the market. We watch very carefully how it performs and what the elasticity is. I think we said on the Q1 call that elasticity wasn't as high as 1 would have expected given the pricing that we put into the marketplace in January and February of this year. And we'll do the same thing again with this price increase. We'll watch the elasticities and we'll watch how our brands perform in the market very carefully. But without rehashing what I said, our brand performance from a share point of view is strong, and we're pleased with it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivien Azer from Cowen.
Vivien Azer: Gavin, I wanted to get your perspective on the interaction that you're seeing in some of the important subcategories that you participate. In the U.S., we've heard from 1 of your key competitors in the Hard Seltzer category that they believe that there is some heightened interaction between Hard Seltzers and Premium Lights, I'd love to get your perspective on that.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Vivien. Look, I mean, the strength of Miller Lite and Coors is like long predated, the softness of some of our competitors seltzers. So you can take from that what you wish. But I think our Miller Lite and Coors Light brand performance has been very strong for quite some time now. And that's because they've got great differentiated marketing programs and are really nice and healthy. I mean we had the best quarterly industry share performance in the U.S. in nearly 7 years. And potentially when you look at the outstanding performance of Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, its something which might be driving the softness of some of our competitors. I mean our market share has grown 25%, as I said, and that's largely driven by Topo Chico, which is actually doing really well in markets where the Topo Chico name is not necessarily that well known. We're getting we're getting strong growth in market shares in those markets. So I guess that's what I would say, Vivien.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: We've covered so much on the call, so I'll let it go and look forward to catching up with you guys in person soon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: I'll ask 1 just to keep it going. So I wanted to pick up on the marketing comments, Gavin. You explained the 2 key dynamics, I think, pretty clearly. And Tracey called at the start, your overall comfort with second half marketing plans. I guess what I'm just left with is on a full year basis, have marketing intentions or plans undergone any changes versus where we were coming out of the first quarter, whether either in overall magnitude or focus, given what you've seen in the marketplace, some of the pockets of softness you called out? I mean, that's really the main question. I guess the second part of that would be things trend a little bit better than maybe your base case in the back half given places where you've got momentum like Simply or Topo Chico or what have you -- would the -- is the -- is the bias that you would invest some of that upside against some of those momentum? Or is the marketing plan pretty well fixed at this point?
Gavin Hattersley: I think, Steve, one of the -- any positives that come out of the pandemic. One of them is that it's driven us to be way more flexible and agile than we were maybe 3 years ago. And our marketing team is a particular personification of that. They really are agile in terms of how they spend their money and where they spend their money, pushing behind things that are working, shifting dollars to things that are really doing great and maybe dialing back on things where they're not doing that well. So I would say to you that we are very flexible. We are very agile and we're very happy to lean into things that are working. I think Simply would be an example of that. It's performing so much better than we expected. And I would expect that we'll put a bit more fuel behind that fire as we go forward. So we're very flexible, Steve. We obviously do have a plan that we come into the year with and the team adjusts as and when it makes more sense for us. I mean the work which that they have done together with finance and the other teams from an ROI point of view continues to get better and better and the teams know what works and what doesn't work and pretty flexible in changing that on the fly.
Operator: Our Next question comes from Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.
Rob Ottenstein: Two questions, maybe borrowing 1 from Lauren. First, can you give us -- I mean, a lot of moving pieces here, trying to understand the U.S. business given the rationalization of the Economy SKUs and then the addition of all the different seltzers. I was just wondering if you could give us a sense of what kind of the core traditional beer business did on an apples-to-apples basis in terms of volumes. Is that something you can ballpark for us?
Gavin Hattersley: Well, look, from an overall perspective, I think Miller Lite and Coors Light, which is 2/3 of our U.S. business, Robert, both of those brands grew the top line in the quarter. They grew share in the quarter, and they are doing -- they're well positioned and doing well. In terms of individual brand volumes, Robert, we don't have plans to disclose that at this point.
Rob Ottenstein: No, I understand that, but just in aggregate is -- just in terms of a volume number in aggregate, the core beer volumes, so we can adjust for the impact of the Economy brands and all the seltzers.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Robert, I'm not going to give you individual brand volume -- that brand volume performance. We don't do that, and I don't plan to.
Rob Ottenstein: Okay. Well, you're gaining share, as you had mentioned, and that was 1 of the main drivers and goals of the -- utilization. So kind of stepping back at this point and looking at that plan, are you pretty much done? Is it just kind of continuation of the measures that you've put in place? Or are there particular finishing elements of the revitalization plan that still need to be done? And over the last number of years, you've taken out a lot of costs, part of the program pretty much done now. So just trying to kind of get a sense of where we are with the revitalization plan, given that you've turned around, as you said, Coors Light and  gaining share?
Gavin Hattersley: Tracey has pointed out that I can tell you that our brand volume declines in the U.S. were driven by the Economy brands. So you can assume from that, that everything else in total grew. So just that piece of context. As far as the revitalization plan is concerned, Robert, from a cost point of view, I mean we're pretty much done. There is a little bit more cost still to come out from the revitalization plan, but it's not meaningful. On -- from a cost point of view, though, we are always looking at taking more efficient ways of doing things in our business. We invest capital in a variety of ways to achieve that. The Simply in-housing, for example, is a fine example of that, right, where we can take our cost down without actually much capital investments in the process. So revitalization costs pretty much done. Ongoing, we've always been looking for ways to be more efficient and that wonât change. From a revitalization plan point of view, obviously, our goal ultimately with the revitalization plan was to drive top line and bottom line growth at the same time and on a consistent basis. And that obviously remains our goal. And this year, we've got guidance out there that says that we will do it. And it's obviously not intended to be a one-off goal for us. It's supposed to be an ongoing goal for us. In terms of making sure that our core brands are healthy and strong. I don't think that 1 can ever say that it's done. We need to stay strong and vigilant behind that, but I think we've made amazing progress there. And we've still got lots of work that we want to do in the Above Premium and the Beyond beer space, Robert. We are doing well. Above Premium is exceeding our economy share of our portfolio. But our ambitions to drive our Above Premium volumes and revenue up doesn't stop there. So we'll continue to invest behind that space, to invest behind the innovations and to drive our emerging growth division with some of the great new brands and relationships that we've got in that space. ZOA, obviously, being 1 of the lead ones.
Rob Ottenstein: Terrific. Congratulations on the progress.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Peter Grom of UBS.
Peter Grom: So Tracey, I know last quarter was a bit of an anomaly in terms of providing a quarterly outlook. But I guess a lot of the commentary from the call today seems to suggest a much stronger fourth quarter versus third quarter. You mentioned pricing, fully lapping the economy headwinds, kind of the brewery disruption in the rearview. So is there any way to kind of frame how we should be thinking about the weighting of growth in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Let me just say -- let me reiterate our guidance for the full year. But let me kind add some color for you for the third and fourth quarter. So firstly, from a phasing point of view, I would tell you that in Q3, just remember that we're still going to be cycling to some degree, the Economy SKU rationalization. And again, as Gavin mentioned, the Quebec labor strike, even though ended in June, it will take time to ramp that brewery back up with normal shipments not resuming until Q4. So that's in Q3. When we look at Q4, there's several positive drivers, as I've mentioned, that's going to help offset the headwinds in Q3. We spoke about incremental pricing. We've spoken about the top line comparisons really beginning to ease in the fourth quarter with the on-premise restrictions in the fourth quarter of last year. I mentioned the World Cup, which is taking place in November. So that's a big beer drinking event. And then just from an investment point of view, I think Gavin mentioned that we expect to invest more in 2022 than we did in 2021. But in the second half of the year, we expect marketing investment to be down, but in Q3, higher relative year-over-year investments in the third quarter. And then in the fourth quarter, we don't anticipate increases. And then just a final thing to mention is the deleverage impact in the second half of the year. I mean we don't expect to see that deleverage impact that we saw in Q2 of this year. So yes, that's about as much color, I think, that I can give here.
Peter Grom: And then just -- that's helpful. Okay. Yes. No. Maybe just a follow-up on 4Q, I mean just what is embedded in terms of the on-premise related COVID-related restrictions? Are you assuming a return to normal or pre-pandemic like environment? Or is it just -- is that comment simply just an expectation for stronger performance versus a year ago?
Gavin Hattersley: I think what we're trying to say there is that we're not expecting to have the situation in the fourth quarter of last year as we had in the fourth -- this year, as we had in the fourth quarter last year. So if you -- if you think back to what was happening in Q4 of 2021, the Omicron was fairly rampant, and we pretty much lost the Christmas season in the U.K., which is a big season for us. So we're not assuming the same thing to happen. We're not also assuming unrealistic expectations in terms of, if the U.S. is at 85%, we're assuming something pretty similar to that. But we are assuming better performance out of Canada and U.K. when you compare it with last year, yes. Over to you, Greg.
Greg Tierney: All right. Very good. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I know we did run a little bit over, and there may not -- there may be additional questions we weren't able to answer today. But if you do have further questions, just please follow up with me and the Investor Relations team, and we will look forward to talking with many of you as the rest of the year progresses. Thanks, everybody, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company First Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. And with that, I'll hand over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations.
Greg Tierney: All right. Thank you, Breca, and hello, everyone. Following our prepared remarks today from Gavin and Tracey, we will take your questions. In an effort to address as many questions as possible, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. If you have more than one question, we will answer your first question, and then ask you to re-enter the queue for any additional or follow-ups. If you have technical questions on the quarter, please pick them up with our IR team in the days and weeks to follow. Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements, and actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period in U.S. dollars and in constant currency when discussing percentage changes from the prior year period. So with that, over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Greg. In the first quarter of 2022, Molson Coors continued to generate positive trends, giving us continued confidence in our ability to meet our full year guidance. We grew the top line by double digits on the bottom line on an underlying basis by triple digits. Top line growth historically been challenge for this business. But through our strong execution of the revitalization plan, we have now grown the top line for four consecutive quarters. The top line growth we generated in the last quarter was our largest quarterly top line growth in over a decade. Our core brands continue to outperform their peers. Our global above premium portfolio continued to grow, again, achieving a record portion of our overall portfolio by volume and revenue. To put a finer point on it, in the U.S. the economy segment accounted for more than 100% of our volume decline, following our decision to streamline and strengthen this part of our portfolio. Our expansion beyond the beer aisle continues meaningfully, as well as generated its largest sales month ever this March. And we continue to invest in our capabilities, most notably with a project that also increases the profitability of one of our fastest growing beverages, Topo Chico Hard Seltzer. Collectively, these are the core tenets of the revitalization plan we laid out for you over two years ago, and it is very heartening to see our business generating consistent results in each of these areas. Our core brands globally had another very strong quarter. In Canada, Coors Light grew share of the beer category, and our national champion brands in EMEA and APAC saw significant improvements with the reopening of the on-premise channel. You will recall that pubs in the U.K. were closed the entire first quarter of 2021, but by the end of the first quarter of 2022, beer sales in pubs were adopting 98% of pre-corona virus levels and this was particularly beneficial to our Carling brand, the largest beer brand in the U.K. As a result, in the first quarter, the EMEA and APAC business unit substantially improved its earnings and nearly doubled its 2021 revenue. In fact, we exceeded our EMEA and APAC first quarter 2019 revenues, which is a fantastic sign and further evidence of the value of increasing marketing spend behind our brands there. In the U.S., Coors Light and Miller Lite continued their strong performance, made possible due to a multiyear approach that is clearly bearing fruit. These two brands compete in the same segment. So for years, it seemed virtually impossible to get them both moving in the right direction at the same time. In the late summer and early fall of 2019 and Michelle St. Jacques, our Chief Marketing Officer, her marketing team made an intentional decision to bifurcate how we market these two drink. Its tactful  what makes them unique in the marketplace and how they show up in ads. You can see that in the Coors Light Made to Chill campaign and in Miller Lite's work since then, Coors Light's Made to Chill campaign generated an immediate improvement in brand health in 2019, and that improvement has held since. An ROI on the marketing campaigns for our premium light brands has significantly grown. Combined, our new approach, better marketing and increased investment as on-premise restrictions have eased, resulted in sequential improvement over the past few years. Coors Light went from being down mid-single digits in net sales revenue in 2018 to growing by 4% in 2021. Volume also went from down mid-single digits to nearly flat in 2021. Miller Light went from 0.5% down net sales revenue in 2018, to growing 7% in 2021, and the brand's volume went from down 20.1% to almost nearly flat in 2021. In the first quarter of 2022, we again grew revenue for both brands and generated the best combined industry share performance in five years. And while our core brands have been building strength over the past two to three years, we have continually grown our above premium portfolio across each business unit. We have now grown our share of net sales revenue in above premium for five straight quarters and above premium net sales revenue now represents over 26% of our global portfolio on a trailing 12 month basis, a record for this business since the 2016 MillerCoors acquisition. We again enjoyed the largest growth in U.S. sales of any major brewer. That's been fueled in large part by the successful national launch of Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, which is the fastest-growing major seltzer in the country. We only see further upside for this brand as we introduce the new Margarita packs. And with respect to investments in our capabilities, I would note that in the first quarter, we completed a capital project at our Fort Worth brewery. This project allows us to begin to bring the US Topo Chico Hard Seltzer production from house, improving our profitability with the brand. Our share of the Hard Seltzer market in Canada continues to be very strong with impressive performance by both Vizzy and Coors Seltzer. We expect to see those results only improve further when we introduced Topo Chico Hard Seltzer to the Canadian market next month. But our premiumization is also being driven by growth in above premium beers around the world. Pravha a relatively newer  from Staropramen has earned strong results in Central and Eastern Europe and have now launched in Romania. This will be its second largest market to date, and we believe this expansion has the potential to dramatically increase Pravha's volumes. Madri is performing well beyond expectations in the U.K. with distribution in over 6,000 on-premise accounts with strength in the on-premise alone earned Madri's part as one of the top 25 U.K. beers, and in March, we launched it in the off-premise. In Canada, Molson Ultra has posted 47% volume growth from 2019 to 2021. And just last month, we launched a new campaign to fuel momentum. And our Canada craft business expands  grew five times the growth of the total craft segment in Canada in the first quarter. In the U.S., both Blue Moon and Peroni saw double-digit net sales revenue growth in the first quarter as they benefited from the on-premise recovery, as well as strong results off-premise. And there is more premiumization coming, most notably as we launched Simply Spike Lemonade in the U.S. next month. We are pleased to bring this highly anticipated product to the growing flavored beverage space as our next major initiative with Coca-Cola. We also continue to drive the scale beyond beer, particularly with ZOA. The brand continues its strong growth, achieving a record sales month in March, and the data behind the results suggest a very bright future for ZOA. After a year in the market, its retail sales and distribution numbers broke records for a new entrant in the healthy energy drink category. There are, of course, other pricing signs in our work to expand beyond beer. Five Trail, our first full string bottle spirit has now expanded to two more states based on the strong results from its initial four markets. And La Colombe is growing rapidly. While the ready-to-drink tea and coffee category is up 1% in dollar share per IRR in the first quarter, La Colombe is up 17%. Collectively, our emerging growth division remains well on track to achieving its $1 billion annual revenue goal by the end of 2023. As we continue to execute our revitalization plan around the world, we continue to turn around our entire business. Our improving results, which we are now generating quarter-after-quarter give us continued confidence in our ability to meet our full year guidance. But it's not necessarily a straight path over each quarter. There are unique headwinds for our business in the second quarter and tailwinds for our business in the second half that we believe keep us on track to achieve our full year guidance. And Tracey will go over those in more detail. There are also broader issues and trends happening outside of our business that we are monitoring closely. First, inflationary pressure. We have multiple levers, including pricing, premiumization, our hedging program and our cost savings program to mitigate inflationary pressure. They have been huge assets, but inflation is a real and growing challenge, and we anticipate the impact of inflation will worsen over the course of the year. It's important to note, though, that we are not seeing raw material shortages. Globally, we continue to have access to the materials we need to produce package and ship our beverages. As we head into the peak selling season, we are in our first U.S. inventory position since before the pandemic. And we continue to see out-of-stock levels on our core SKUs at or below pre-pandemic levels. Second, consumer behavior. For example, volumes are universally soft across the U.S. beer industry to start the year. This is most pronounced in January as a result of the surge of the Omicron variant. While there has been improvement in February and March, it hasn't been at the pace we would have expected or that we saw after previous waves of the pandemic. I would point out though that Molson Coors industry share trends have continued to improve, both in the quarter and into April. In fact, the U.S. saw its best quarterly dollar share trend in over seven years this past quarter. Despite high inflation in our biggest global markets, consumers continue to trade up not down. And while it may seem counterintuitive, this trend is consistent with consumer behavior in the recent economic downturns. However, should that change and should trade down actually occur, our economy portfolio is well positioned to capitalize. The SKU rationalization we conducted in the U.S. in 2021 didn't just make our economy portfolio smaller. We made it stronger and more efficient. Our focusing on four key brands in four key verticals, instead of managing a long tail of smaller brands, we are able to put more effort and energy behind our biggest brands in the economy space. And finally, the Russian war in Ukraine. We quickly stopped all exports to Russia and paused the licensed production of our other brands there. Collectively, however, the Russian, Ukrainian and Belarusian markets account for a very small portion of our global business, and we have no breweries there. So it has had minimal direct impact on our global business. While our focus has been on arranging safe passage, accommodations and financial support as it's needed for our Ukraine-based colleagues and for the Ukrainian friends and family of other colleagues in the business. And while we will continue to monitor consumer health in Europe, along with the cost of and access to input materials, we have been able to manage these challenges to date for our business. In summary, it was another positive quarter for Molson Coors, another quarter of successful execution on our revitalization plan and another quarter of continually improving results for this business. And all of this was achieved in a very challenging macro environment that we are continuing to monitor closely. Folks, we're delivering in ways this business has not done for many years, and our future is bright. Now to give you more detail on that, I'd like to hand it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Tracey Joubert. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. As Gavin highlighted, while macro trends have been challenging, we had a strong first quarter, delivering double-digit top line and triple-digit underlying bottom line growth. We achieved our highest quarterly top line growth in over a decade as we continue to premiumize our product portfolio through the execution of our revitalization plan. While we, along with the rest of the world are facing inflationary pressures, our efforts over the last two years have built a strong foundation for future growth and have given us confidence to reaffirm fiscal 2022 guidance for both top and bottom line growth. Now I'll take you through our quarterly performance and our outlook. Consolidated net sales revenue increased 17.6% with strong growth in both our EMEA and APAC and Americas business unit. On-premise net sales revenue has not yet returned to pre-pandemic levels in all markets. But as on-premise restrictions had eased, we have seen sequential improvement in the on-premise net sales revenue performance with variation by market. Consolidated net sales revenue growth was driven by strong global net pricing, favorable sales mix from portfolio premiumization, positive channel mix, as we cycled significant on-premise restrictions in the prior year period, and we also delivered high financial volumes. Consolidated financial volumes increased 5.1%, largely driven by strong brand volume growth in EMEA and APAC, higher contract and factored volume and cycling of lower U.S. distributor inventory levels in the prior year. This was partially offset by a decline in Americas brand volumes, which was driven by lower U.S. economy brand volumes as a result of our economy SKUs deprioritization and rationalization program implemented in the second quarter of 2021. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 10.2%, driven by global net pricing growth and positive brand and channel mix with premiumization delivered across both business units. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis, which is an important metric from which to measure our progress against our revitalization plan, increased 12.2% compared to the first quarter of 2019. Underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 8.6%, driven by cost inflation, including higher input and transportation costs, as well as the mix impact from premiumization and factor brands in Europe, partially offset by lower depreciation expense. Underlying MG&A in the quarter increased 15.7%, largely due to our planned increases in marketing investment, which surpassed first quarter 2021 and 2019 levels to provide strong commercial support behind our core brands and new innovations. G&A was up due to higher people-related costs, including increased travel and entertainment. As a result of these factors, as well as lower interest and depreciation, underlying net income before income taxes increased 383.1%. Underlying free cash flow used was $359 million, an increase of cash used of $271 million in the same period last year. This increase in cash used was primarily due to higher capital project spending, partially offset by favorable timing and working capital. Capital expenditures paid were $244 million and focused on expanding our production capacity and capabilities programs, such as our previously announced Golden Brewery modernization projects and expanding our hard sulfur capacity in Canada and the U.K. Now let's look at our results by business units. In Americas, the on-premise has not returned to pre-pandemic levels, but continues to improve on a sequential quarter basis. In the first quarter, the on-premise channel accounted for approximately 15% of our net sales revenue compared to approximately 18% in the same period in 2019. In the U.S., on-premise net sales revenue was about 87% of 2019 levels. And in Canada, on-premise net sales revenue was about 55% of 2019 levels because even though the on-premise restrictions continue to ease, they still impacted results. Americas net sales revenue was up 8.5% as net pricing growth across the business units and positive brand mix were partly offset by lower volumes. Americas financial volumes decreased 0.8%, largely due to 3.1% lower brand volume, partially offset by cycling lower U.S. distributor inventory levels due to the March 2021 cybersecurity incident and the February 2021 severe Texas storm. In the U.S., net sales revenue grew 8.9%, with domestic shipments down 2%, outpacing brand volume declines of 4.3%. More than 100% of the U.S. brand volume declines were due to lower U.S. economy brand volume. In the U.S., our economy portfolio was down high teens, while our above premium portfolio was at the mid-teens for the quarter. In Canada, net sales revenue increased 4.1% as brand volume declines of 2.5% due to softer industry performance were more than offset by positive pricing and mix premiumization. Latin America net sales revenue increased 29.7% on brand volume growth of 13.8%. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 9.8% with strong net pricing growth and favorable U.S. brand mix. U.S. net sales per hectoliter increased 11.1%, driven by net pricing growth, as we took pricing earlier than usual this year and positive brand mix led by above premium innovation brands. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis grew high single digits in Canada due to net pricing increases and positive sales mix, while Latin America increased low double digits due to favorable sales mix. Americas cost per hectoliter increased 6.7% due to inflation, including brewing and packaging materials and freight, as well as mix impact from premiumization, partially offset by lower depreciation. Underlying MG&A increased 14.7% as we increased marketing investments behind our core brands and innovations, including the national launch of Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, as well as in local sponsorship and events, as pandemic-related restrictions eased versus the same period last year. G&A was up as well due to increased people-related costs and legal and travel and entertainment expenses. Americas underlying net income before income taxes increased 9%.  Turning to EMEA and APAC, net sales revenue grew 92.3% driven largely by Western Europe, but we also experienced growth in Central and Eastern Europe. Top-line performance also benefited from fewer on-premise restrictions in the UK compared to the full closure in the first quarter of 2021. The UK on-premise channel net sales revenue exceeded pre-pandemic levels in the quarter. EMEA and APAC net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis was up 30.1% driven by positive sales mix with the on-premise reopenings and above premium brands reaching another record high portion of the portfolio, as well as net pricing growth. EMEA and APAC financial volume increased 29.4% and brand volumes increased 19.8%. The increase is primarily due to higher UK volumes, partially offset by declines in Central Europe and our export and license division. Strength in our core brands like Carling and new innovations like Midri led to strong double-digit growth in above premium and premium volumes, partially offset by double-digit declines in the economy. COGS per hectoliter increased by 29.3% due to rising inflationary pressures and increased factored brand sales. MG&A increased 19.4% as we cycled mitigation efforts to lower costs in the prior year with on-premise restrictions and higher marketing investments to support our brands and fuel on-premise strength. EMEA and APAC underlying net loss before income tax improved 62.1%. We ended the quarter with net debt of $6.9 billion and a trailing 12-month net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio of 3.28 times compared to 3.14 times as of the end of 2021. With the first quarter typically being a cash use quarter, this leverage ratio was up from the fourth quarter which is typical between fourth and first quarters. Still, our leverage ratio remains substantially below the end of the first quarter of 2021 when it was 3.74 times. We ended the quarter with $160 million of commercial paper outstanding, leaving us with strong borrowing capacity with $1.34 billion available on a 1.5 billion US revolving credit facility. Now let's discuss our outlook. We are reaffirming our fiscal 2022 guidance, which calls for both top and bottom line growth in 2022, performance we have not seen in over a decade. Before we go through the guidance, I wanted to note that year-over-year growth rates are on a constant currency basis. Also, if on-premise restrictions are increased and/or reinstated in some of our larger markets, this could have a significant impact on our financial performance during that period. Additional risk factors include the impact of rising global inflation beyond that currently anticipated and a prolonged strike at our brewery near Montreal. For 2022, we continue to expect to deliver mid single digit net sales revenue growth, high single-digit underlying income before income taxes growth and underlying free cash flow of $1 billion, plus or minus 10%. We expect to continue to be impacted by inflationary pressures in areas, including materials and transportation costs and expect those pressures to increase for the balance of the year. However, we intend to judiciously pull our multiple levers to help mitigate the impact. As discussed on our fourth quarter call, we announced 3% to 5% price increase early in 2022, which in the US, we took earlier than typical. Also, we have other leaders to help offset inflation, including mix from premiumization and our cost savings and hedging programs. In these unusually challenging times, we want to provide a bit more color on our quarterly outlook for the rest of the year. As Gavin mentioned, we have several headwinds and tailwinds that will impact our quarterly earnings phasing. As a result, we expect our second quarter underlying income before income taxes to be down between approximately 20% and 50% from the prior year period. We expect stronger relative year-over-year performance in the second half of the year, enabling us to reach our full year guidance. Now let me walk through drivers. First, we are planning a double-digit increase in our year-over-year marketing spend in the second quarter, putting marketing investments well above 2021 levels. Recall, in the second quarter of last year, we had lower relative spending with when our inventories were low due to the first quarter 2021 cybersecurity incidents and severe Texas storm, and we were still experiencing on-premise restrictions across all of our major geographies. We did not begin outstanding until the second half of last year, investing above 2019 levels. Second, our inventory position in the US heading into peak summer season is the best it's been since before the pandemic. And last year, at this time, it was the lowest it has been in years. While the fact that we won't be playing catch up this year is taking a very positive development, it also means we don't expect our US STWs to be as high as they were in the second quarter last year. Third, our ongoing strike at the Longdel brewery and distribution centers or Montreal will have an impact on our second quarter results. And fourth, year-over-year top line comparisons will begin to get more difficult in the second quarter relative to the first quarter comparisons particularly in the UK, where the on-premise began to reopen in April 2021 with pent-up demand. However, these comparisons should ease in the fourth quarter given the renewed on-premise restrictions in the fourth quarter of 2021, particularly in the U.K. and Canada. In terms of our other guidance metrics, we continue to expect underlying depreciation and amortization of approximately $750 million, plus or minus 5% reported. Net interest expense of $265 million plus or minus 5% and an underlying effective tax rate in the range of 22% to 24%. Turning to capital allocation. Our priorities remain to invest in our business to drive top line growth and efficiencies, reduce net debt and to return cash to shareholders. We are maintaining our target net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio of below three times by the end of 2022, as we had a strong desire to maintain and in time, upgrade our investment grade rating. We repaid our $500 million, 3.5% USD notes upon its maturity on May 1, 2022, using a combination of commercial paper borrowings and cash on hand. Also, during the first quarter, we paid approximately $14 million for 280,000 shares under our share repurchase program, which was approved by the Board of Directors on February 17, 2022. As a reminder, this share repurchase program authorized the company to purchase up to an aggregate of $200 million of our Class B common stock through March 31, 2026, with repurchases primarily intended to offset annual employee equity award grants. In closing, we remain confident in our strategy and pleased with our progress. These are dynamic and uncertain times, but what's clear is that we have built our business to manage through challenging times. Our demonstrated operational agility through the pandemic are dramatic improvements to our financial flexibility. Our successful cost savings program that has served to fuel targeted investments to support our core brands and key innovations have all further strengthened our business as we continue to drive toward our goal of sustainable long-term top and bottom line growth. And with that, we look forward to answering your questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  The first question from the phone lines today comes from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Good morning everyone and congratulations on the strong results and continued progress. Why don't we start with your guidance and just that the composition now, particularly between volume and net sales per hectoliter? Whether that's changed at all, given the strong start to the sort of offset maybe with what's clearly a more difficult costs environment. And then within that now Gavin maybe you could just comment on how you see the progress and for your key brands, particularly Coors Light, Miller Lite and well as some of the Beyond Beer products, including Topo which are off to a really strong start. So thanks for that.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning. Yeah, there's – you got a bit a lot in that question. And first one, you take the guidance question, I'll just cover off on Coors Light and Miller Lite. Coors Light continues to perform very strongly throughout all of the Americas. It grew high-single digits in the U.S. and as Canada, we grew industry share, and we had strong double-digit growth in LatAm. So what's driving that? I mean, it's got a clear and differentiated positioning within the segment, driven by the major till campaign. And we saw an immediate improvement in the brand health after we launched Made to Chill. The campaigns are impactful. And we've seen a clear improvement in ROI. So that's Coors Light. From a Miller Lite perspective, we've seen bright spots so far, with high single-digit NSR growth on Miller Lite, and its share continues to improve. And in Canada, Miller Lite is growing strong double-digits versus last year and in LatAm its growing single-digits. It's continuing to push its great taste point of view. And on top of this, we continue to land the brand into what's culturally relevant at the moment. And I pointed out J Balvin partnership and also being first bar – first brand to launch in a bar in the metaverse. So yeah, it's driving a clear point of difference around great taste. And we're going to continue to capitalize that. I think you mentioned the Beyond Beer as well or certainly obviously is the star of the show for us there and you know, as I said in my prepared remarks, we had our best month in the month of March, I think it was the biggest month.  And we've obviously learning. As we're going along, we recently pivoted the whole lineup to zero sugar SKUs, which is what the consumer really wants. It's gained share of the energy drink category sequentially in each quarter since we launched it. And it's now the 12ths largest energy drink out there, up an additional stock since the end of 2021. So lots of bright spots, very happy with how we're doing there. Guidance, Trace, do you want to give a little bit of color there?
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. So hi Kevin, yeah, I'll talk a little bit to the guidance and then touch on the volume versus revenue question, but - as you know, 2022 guidance calls for mid-single-digit top line growth and high single-digit underlying net income before income tax growth. And what we are seeing is, even though the on-premise has not return to pre-pandemic levels across all of our markets, we do feel confident in our guidance. In the U.K. markets, where we're more exposed to the on-premise. We've already seen restrictions lifted. And our on-premise volumes returned to about 98% of pre-pandemic levels. In other markets such as Central Europe, where there was still some uncertainty as the Omicron wave hits a little bit later, we've seen improvements as well. In Canada and in the U.S. where our on-premise revenues particularly represent around 16% of revenues and we continue to see sequential improvements each month, even though trading does remain below the pre-pandemic levels. So, just from the bottom-line guidance as we look at our rising inflationary cost, I mean, we seen that on certain commodities and packaging materials for sure. And, and the freight markets, still remains quite tough that we've got multiple levers to help mitigate there. So you know, we spoke about crossing guard really strong pricing and revitalization is around premiumizing our portfolio and you see that coming through now. And then, you know, we've got our hedging and cost savings program which will help mitigate some of that inflation. So, as we look at the balance of the year, we do expect to see channel and geographic mix benefits as we tackle some of the second quarter restrictions that we saw in EMEA and APAC. This will have an overall lower COGS to hit there. And then, one other item is just and we see some benefit from our depreciation expense as we cycle out of the 5-year period of asset fair value exercise on the MillerCoors acquisition. So I know I've put a lot into that, but hopefully, it gives you some color around how we're looking at volume and how we're looking at revenue and certainly guidance, reaffirming the guidance for the full year.
Kevin Grundy: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We now have a question from Nadine Sarwat of Bernstein. Sir, please go ahead. I have opened your line now.
Nadine Sarwat: Hi, thank you. Two questions for me. So first of all, your US brand volumes down 4.3% on a relatively easier comp of minus 7.3 last year from memory many brands had already started to be de prioritized in Q1 last year. So could you help us understand, what your US brand volume growth would have been without that component of deep prioritization rationalization that you call out in your release? And I guess the second question on your Quebec strike, am I correct in understanding that the strike is still ongoing? And how soon are you at risk of running through all your inventory from pre strike? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine. I'll take those two tricks. I’ll start with Quebec first. Yes, the strike is still ongoing. We're obviously doing what we can to produce and ship our beers within the confines of the law and our hope is that the union come back to the negotiating table so that we can reach a reasonable agreement for all the parties. This point in time, obviously, there are some out of stocks, but we're continuing to produce and ship blind with our contingency plans. As far as US brand volumes are concerned, look, I mean, we were very clear about the fact that we rationalized our economy portfolio last year, and that we would be facing those headwinds for a full 12 months. And if you look at the first quarter, obviously the first month was tough because we had the Coronavirus impact, the Omicron which pretty much shut down the on-premise again. And we saw sequential improvements beyond that. But you know, just remind you that we're going against the economy, skew rationalization and brand elimination. We will start to cycle out of that in the second half of the second quarter and then obviously fully into the into the second half. A 100% of volume reduction in the US, in fact more than 100% was driven by the economy portfolio, premium light or premium and above premium portfolios collectively group.
Nadine Sarwat: Got it. Thank you very much.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure.
Operator: Thank you, Nadine We now have Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Okay, good. So just continuing on the question of Americas volume performance. So you commented on industry dynamics, right, the you're starting kind of soft in January related to COVID, but the trends for February and March were a little bit softer than what you've seen in prior phases post a pandemic surge. So I was curious if, one, you could just talk about what you think is underlying that if you have any insights, how you're thinking about overall consumer demand in the categories as we move into the key selling season? And then I was intrigued by the fact that you said that premium and above premium volumes were still up in the quarter, even with your comments on February and March being a little bit softer from an industry standpoint. So do you think that these - that your brands can actually grow volume in a non-COVID up and down comp dynamic environment? Like are we to a point where Miller Lite, Coors Light could be in positive volume territory over time?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Lots to news as well Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Sorry.
Gavin Hattersley: No problem. I mean, look, I mean, obviously it is our ambition and goal to drive both of those brands positively. And yes, 100% or more than 100% of our loss in the first quarter was driven by the reduction in the economy portfolio. We grew share -- segment share in both premium and above premium in the first quarter. We had accelerating trends compared to the fourth quarter. And growth in share in premium was driven by Coors Light, Miller Lite and Coors Banquet, frankly. And growth in the Above Premium was driven mostly by ourselves, Topo Chico and Vizzy. And although I'm calling out the economy was obviously a negative, we have started to see positive trends on economy for our portfolio between the fourth quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022. And the hope is as we start cycling our focus on the form and that we'll see that get more positive. From a consumer health point of view, we can draw a line there to trade down. And honestly, we're just not seeing that. In fact, we're still seeing the opposite. And obviously, we'll continue to monitor it closely. And if we do have trade down, I think our portfolio is uniquely positioned to benefit from that given the strength of economy brands that we've got and the current strength of both Miller Lite and Coors Light.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks so much.
Lauren Lieberman: Sure.
Operator: Thank you, Lauren. The next question comes from Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim. Please go ahead, when you’re ready.
Laurent Grandet: Hi, good morning, everyone. Just some quickly a follow-up from a previous question about your Above Premium portfolio. So what are you expecting for Simply Spiked that is about to be launched will simply be produced in-house or through contract manufacturing? And what incremental margin should we expect from in-house manufacturing Topo Chico kind of, roughly, if you can give us some direction there. And really, if I can ask another one, on the price per hectolitre, your 10.2% outperformance in the quarter, what is due to net pricing, favorable product mix, favorable channel mix as you - as the employee is reopening. So if you can give more color there, that would be helpful as well. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, Laurent. On Simply Spike, we're on track to launch that in June of this year. Lots of excitement from our system with our retailers, our consumers what consumers are saying on social media ahead of this launch is anything to go by, it's going to be a very successful launch. But I guess, not entirely surprising, right? It's a powerful brand. It's Coca-Cola's second largest brand in the U.S. only behind the Coca-Cola trademark brands. So we're excited about it launching a 12 pack and a 24-ounce can. And at the beginning, it will be produced outside of our production facilities. Topo Chico is, as you say, we now produce it in-house, and we actually outsource it as well, whatever we expect for us. We haven't been specific and detail about the margin improvement, Laurent, but you can assume that it's a meaningful margin improvement for us when we do bring it in-house. And then, I think your next question was on revenue, the 10.2%, half of that was due to net pricing. Remember, this is a global number. Half of that 10.2% was net pricing and the rest was a favorable mix and a few other odds and ends. Thanks, Laurent.
Laurent Grandet: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you Laurent. We now have Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead. I have opened your line, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone.
Gavin Hattersley: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, Gavin. I wanted to just ask a bit more about the economy segment in the US. And I guess, I don't know if this - if you can disaggregate this or not. But if you were to take a look at the big four, so what you're focusing on, how are those brands performing? And I guess, as we begin to cycle past the SKU rationalization, will it begin to kind of contribute to the growth in the US? So just trying to get to understand when we look underneath the hood, my sense is the economy segment is actually performing better than what we see because of the SKU rationalization. But just trying to get a sense of how that's performing.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Sure, Bryan. Thanks. Without wishing to complicate things overly, right? There were two elements to the economy portfolio. One was a new prioritization as we came out of the cybersecurity attack and the Texas storm. So, there were brands that we were not going to do rationalize, but we were constraining the production so we could focus in on Miller Lite and Coors Light. And then, of course, there's the SKU rationalization and the elimination of some of the plants. So, those two elements. We came out of the sort of, how do I put a pause skew earlier than the rationalization skew. So we should start seeing improvement in brands like Keystone, Miller High Life, Steel Reserve and hands and already are even in the first quarter, Bryan. And that will accelerate as we start cycling some much easier comps, probably as much detail as I want to get into, Bryan, without really decomposing between the brands, but your thesis at a high level is correct.
Bryan Spillane: Got it. Thanks, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure.
Operator: Thank you, Brian. We now have Eric Serotta with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed with your question, Eric.
Eric Serotta: Great. It's Eric on behalf of Dara Mohsenian. Just a quick housekeeping question and then another question. First, from the housekeeping perspective, how much did the higher freight and fuel surcharge this year add to the US NSR per hectoliter? And then my main question is just what you're seeing in terms of Topo Chico as you're cycling last year's launch, how are those launch markets comparing - how are those - how is this year's performance in the launch markets comparing to where we were last year? And relatedly, what are you seeing in terms of rate of sale velocity trial in new markets as you've expanded that rationally, how do those new markets compared to the initial markets from last year?
Gavin Hattersley: Got it. Thanks, Eric. On your housekeeping question, remember the 10.2%, which I was referring to earlier was a global number. And the US number was actually a little higher than that. It was percent higher than that roughly the same split, roughly half net pricing and half mix and other. And I'd say the freight and fuel is around 100 basis points, more or less, give or take, of the 11-odd percent net revenue per credit liter increase. As far as Topo Chico is concerned, remember, we only launched that brand nationally towards the back end, but it's already the number four brand in the segment, and it's growing. It's the first -- to your velocity question, it's actually the third fastest turning in the segment. It's got the highest repeat rate of any brand that we've launched over the last two years. It's got over a five share nationally already. And in major markets like Texas, it's already into the mid-teens from a share point of view. So your question about launch markets and e-markets its holding strong in Texas which is where we launched first of all. And we have got certain exciting new stuff that we just put into the market for Topo Chico with margarita we launched at last month. So we're ready for our first -- I mean we didn’t have it nationally in the summer of last year and we are well position for our first national summer with Topo Chico. Thanks, Eric.
Eric Serotta: Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you, Eric. We now have Robert Ottenstein from Evercore. So please go ahead, Robert.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. I would like to follow up on Topo Chico, which you guys have done a fantastic job with. Can you talk a little bit what your team is telling you Topo Chico was drawing from, so any sense of what percentage just coming from other brands or is drawing new consumers into hard seltzer, new demographics any data around that? Second, based on the momentum of the brand, do you think that at a 10% market share is realistic in the next one to two years? And then finally, we continue to get a lot of questions on exactly how the brand hits the income statement. So if you could review that again? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. Look from a from an overall Seltzer point of view, you know, we've more than doubled ourselves share. Topo Chico is a big part of that. As I said it's the fourth largest Seltzer in the country, really the fifth largest. We've just launched the margarita variety pack. We've got Ranch water  out there now. And we still believe that 10% market share for us is our initial goal. And we certainly – our ambitions don't just - don't just stop there. And that's just in the US. Frankly in Canada, we've already seeing double-digit Seltzer share in some markets. And Quebec it's already mid-teens and at a mid-teens level, and that's before we even launched Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, which we're launching in the summer of this year. And of course, we've got first-mover advantage in Europe with threefold and with the wild moment. So we're off to a strong start in Topo Chico. I feel very good about it.  As far as the detailed financial metrics, I mean, that's obviously something between ourselves and Coca Cola. We don't - we're not going to break that down, but obviously it's positive for us. We wouldn't be doing it. And to be clear it comes through the P&L, right? So I mean, it's in our volume. It's in our revenue and it's in our margin and our bottom-line.
Robert Ottenstein: Any color on where its sourcing from?
Gavin Hattersley: All right  But it does play strong – more strongly with Hispanic consumers. 
Robert Ottenstein: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, Robert.  Wells Fargo Securities. Sir, please go ahead when you are ready.
Q –Unidentified Analyst: Hi, everyone. Thanks for the question. So just on the expected decline in Q2 profit. I just wonder, conceptually, how much of that is related to the investment. You noted the step-up in marketing spending versus like the higher COGS per hectoliter. You've also noted that inflation is stepping up. And then just conceptually, as we head into the back half with the implied ramp in profit to get to the full year guide, I appreciate spending - timing is likely a factor COGS per hectoliter may now be higher than your initial expectations? Can you confirm that? Maybe just conceptually, is there anything that gives you confidence from launch timing, specific plans you have around product categories into the back half momentum in brands that gives you that confidence on the top-line. Clearly, price mix is a very good story, and that I suspect it will remain so, but perhaps on the volume side as well. So it's really just on kind of drivers of Q2, but then conceptually why things ramp from here and fundamentally sort of the brands and product categories that might be getting you there. So thanks for that.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks very much, Chris. Tracey, why don't you get into the detail of that?
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. Hi, Chris, if I talk to our Q2 phasing, as you heard me say, we expect our underlying pre-tax income to be down between 20% and 30% versus prior year. The main driver of that is our marketing investment. So we're expecting a double-digit increase in marketing. If you recall, we had a very low relative spend where our inventories were low last year this time due to the cyber incident and the Texas storm. And then we still had on-premise restrictions across three part of our geographies in the prior year. We also - another driver of the Q2 phasing is really the higher inventory position that we're going into the summer this year, a much higher inventory position than we had last year, which was actually a really low inventory position. So we don't expect our STW to be as high as they were in the second quarter of last year. The other thing impacting our Q2 is, Gavin, mentioned the strike at our long elbow and distribution centers near Montreal, that will have an impact on Q2 results. And then year-over-year, our top line comparisons are a little bit more difficult in Q2 versus Q1, particularly in the U.K. where the on-premise began to open in April of 2021. As it relates to the balance of the year and giving us confidence, I mean a couple of things to think about there. We expect continued top line growth from both price and premiumization of our portfolio. In the second half of the year, we will also cycle out of the headwinds from the economy's skew rationalization and deprioritization that Gavin just spoke to as well. And then, in Q4, we'll be cycling a period of lower sales in 2021, especially in the EMEA region, which were impacted by Omicron at the back half of last year and the U.K. on-premise sell again. And then finally, we'll be cycling higher marketing and sales spend in Q3 and Q4 of the prior year, which increased last year, much higher than the year before, so 2019. And if you recall, we didn't spend as much in Q1 and Q2 of last year. And so you'll be seeing an increase in Q1 this year and a planned increase in Q2 of this year versus the back half of this year as well. So, just a couple of points of color. Hopefully, that will help.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Tracey. I mean, Chris, just to talk about the marketing, right. I mean, as we always said, we’re going to invest behind our brands. And we've got brands with Miller Lite and Coors Light, and we've got brands in the above premium space that are really doing well, and we're going to invest behind that momentum. And then we've got the Simply launch, which takes place in Q2. So I think we've said from the beginning of the revitalization plan, we're going to invest behind the momentum we've got, and we're seeing that.
Q –Unidentified Analyst: Gavin and Tracey, thanks so much for the answers.
Tracey Joubert: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Thank you, Chris. We now have Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. You are ready, Steve.
Steve Powers: Yes. Great. Thank you very much. Just a quick follow-up for me on the economy portfolio rationalization and prioritization. Maybe could you just remind us what happened to the shelf and cooler space, but you may have surrendered as part of that portfolio streamlining. I guess what I'm curious about is to whether or not any of that space may have migrated to the benefit of your premium and Above Premium portfolio just to keep that in mind as we potentially also cycle that in the back half. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Steve. Look, we had a very clear and detailed plan with our distributors by brand. It was discontinued by SKU that was discontinued to try and make sure that we fill it with the brands that we wanted there. Some of it would well have landed up in the Premium Light space, and some of it would have extended some of the brands that we kept in the economy space. I mean, I would also be naive to suggest that we didn't lose some shelf space to our competitors. I'm sure we did. But our sales and guys and our distributors had a very clear plan to execute against, and they did that.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure.
Operator: We now have Brett Cooper from Consumer Research. Brett, Your line is open.
Brett Cooper: Thank you. I was hoping you can give us some insight into how you look at attacking in priorities in categories or parts of the industry, which you have some more presence today. So clearly, the culture was – is a big priority you've had success. But if you look at the beverage industry there's numerous opportunities. So if you could touch on sort of thoughts or plans for just how you prioritize things like low crab briefly success in Canada. And I guess, obviously, you had the unfortunate timing with Saratoga or SMBs are relatively low share. Just how you think about that and prioritize that as a company. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, I think you can see that in what we're actually prioritizing, Brett. So obviously, sells is a priority for us. It remains a priority, and we're pleased with the progress that we're making there. In terms of other prioritization, simply is another example of that, right, going into the sort of SMB or flavored space. We're being much more choice full than we perhaps were in previous years. We're making bets and putting focus on what we think are bigger ideas. And Topo Chico and Vizzy and Simply are exactly that. Up in Canada, we have placed focus behind Molson Ultra. And in our Beyond Beer space, we're placing a significant focus behind ZOA. We understand that our distributor partners want focus, and we believe we’re giving that to them, and it certainly helps our own internal system as well. So we're not going to be all things to all people in every single space possible across board. We're going to adapt what we think are the good ideas and the big bet for us.
Brett Cooper: Great. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Brett.
Operator: Thank you, Brett. Our final question on the line comes from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan. Please go ahead when you’re ready.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, good morning and thank you – well, good afternoon. Thank you for letting me in. Can you please help us with the trends quarter-to-date in Q2. Tracey, you mentioned the elevated levels of inventory and wholesalers in the summer and ahead of the summer. And as such, are you embedding kind of more of a mid single digit decline in shipment for the Americas and also contributing to the decline in EPS to coded the 20% to 30% pre-tax. And related to that, are you assuming – what are you assuming then in terms of bonus for the second half for the Americas, because of that because of the artistic improvement?
Gavin Hattersley: Andrea, I mean, Tracy went through that in quite a lot of detail. So in the -- when we talk about elevated inventories, all -- I think the point Tracey was trying to make was we have very low inventories at the end of first quarter last year because of the cybersecurity and this year we don’t. So you know, as I said, our inventory levels are where we want them to be going into summer and we worked very hard of that out of stocks, particularly in our skew, our core skews are lower than they were pre-Pandemic so we’re well positioned and just enough stock problem in our organization.
Andrea Teixeira: Maybe it would be helpful, then quarter-to-date April numbers -- I'm sorry, maybe the April quarter-to-date or May? Yes.
Gavin Hattersley: Andrea, look, we're not going to give -- I think we discontinued that practice some time ago. I do think in my opening script or at some point in this conversation, I've said that April has sequentially improved, January was tough because of Omicron than February, March and April have all sequentially improved for us. There are different things going on in the back half of the year, right? So I mean the UK went into lockdown pretty much again in the fourth quarter of last year. So that will be an easier comp. Canada had some challenges in the fourth quarter from a prior year point of view as well. But getting into shipment detail by quarter is not something we plan to do. I think the important thing is that we've reaffirmed our guidance, and we're comfortable with that.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Andrea. As we have no further questions, I would like to hand it back to Gavin for some closing remarks.
Greg Tierney: All right. Thank you, operator. This is Greg not Gavin, but if there are any additional questions that all of you were not able to answer, please do not hesitate to pick them up with me or Traci Mangini in the days and weeks that follow. And with that, I look forward to chatting with you all soon. I hope everyone has a great day. Thank you.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. You can find the related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. With that, I’ll hand it over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, operator, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks today from Gavin and Tracey, we will take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Today’s discussion includes forward-looking statements. Actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release. And also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period in U.S. dollars and in constant currency when discussing percentage changes from the prior year period. With that, over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg. 2021 was a turbulent year all around the world for our industry and for our business. The pandemic ranged and received multiple times, but unfortunately, it surged in the last six weeks of the year. And with it came government restrictions value to bars and restaurants, most notably in Europe and Canada. That impacted our business, creating a whole host of challenges, and yet through it all Molson Coors made tremendous progress in each of the pillars of our revitalization. Our two biggest brands, each grew net sales revenue in the U.S., Americas and globally, an incredible feat given the fact that over the past few years, many folks have been at the belief that this whole segment was in a part of aspiring clients across the U.S. and Canada. We finished the calendar year with a larger global above premium portfolio than ever before, with our hard seltzer portfolio growing at the fastest rate of any major beverage company in the United States. Very strong hard seltzer growth in Canada and standout beer innovations in the UK as well as in Central and Eastern Europe. We are moving to scale beyond the beer aisle on the back of the fastest-growing energy drink in the United States for IRI, and we continue to invest in our future growth all around the world. Folks, in 2021, Molson Coors grew the top line for the first time in a decade. Top line growth is one of the core goals of our revitalization plan and a result our company has not been able to deliver it in a long time. Yes, we started first our guidance on EBITDA as a result of the impact of the Omicron variant surge in the last six weeks of the quarter. But at the same, we’ve been very disciplined with cash within the business, improving our leverage ratio faster than we expected, and we chose not to cut the marketing investments that will help ensure the long-term health of our brands and our business. Overall, Molson Coors finished 2021 as a healthier business than we were at the end of 2019. Now as you’ll recall in our third quarter call, we said that uncertainty as it pertains to potential surges in the coronavirus and/or its variants to varying degrees by market could have an impact on our financial performance. But unfortunately, that is exactly what happened. The on-premise in much of EMEA experienced increased restrictions beginning in the middle of the fourth quarter as the Omicron variant surged. In the UK, the Christmas holiday period is one of the most important sales windows at the whole year and due to government restrictions for pubs and restaurants and more cautious consumer behavior, we fell below to 80% of 2019 net sales revenue. UK is our third largest global market by net sales revenue, and the on-premise accounted for 65% of our business there in 2021. So as was well established earlier in the pandemic, when that channel is restricted or shut down, it has a meaningful impact in our business, and we felt that in the fourth quarter. But we know from experience over the past two years of the pandemic that this has been temporary. When the on-premise channel has reopened and when consumers are comfortable reentering bars and restaurants, they came right back. And I’m proud to announce that we are ranked number one in the UK Advantage Group survey. There is an independent industry-wide survey on how the big on-premise national customers across the UK beer brand owners, and the results speak volumes about our hard working team. Additionally, some of our U.S. suppliers had renewed challenges, providing materials like battle crowns at the tail end of the year, which had knock-on effects on our production. But this has certainly eased in the time since. We’ve taken matters into our own hands by increasing the number of suppliers we work with to limit these kind of issues going forward. One point I want to make clear, though, is that while pandemic-driven issues with freight availability in the global supply chain continue to challenge us in the fourth quarter, we made significant improvements with our distributor inventory in the U.S. We closed 2021 with about 700,000 more barrels of distributor inventory than we did in 2020. And that progress puts us in a far better inventory position heading into 2022. And in fact, our out of stocks for core brands and packs are at their lowest levels since before the pandemic. Today, our top line is growing fast for the first time in 10 years. Our core brands are growing net sales revenue for the first time in years. Our portfolio is premiumizing to levels never before achieved. We are moving to scale beyond beer and are busy making tangible progress towards achieving the goals of our revitalization plan. We are set up for a strong 2022. Now I want to dig in a little deeper, starting with our core brands. For the past few years, you’ve heard us talk about things like segment share and brand health as leading indicators that Coors Light and Miller Lite remains strong foundations of our global business. And today, I’m very happy to tell you that each brand grew net sales revenue in the U.S. in 2021, Coors Light by 4.4% and Miller Lite by 7.6%. We also saw double-digit growth in our on-premise placements for Miller Lite versus last year. In Canada, Coors Light also reported revenue growth in the fourth quarter, while Miller Lite revenue was up double digits for the full year with acceleration in the fourth quarter. Our portfolio continues to premiumize. Our above premium net sales revenue has grown over 15% in 2021. The biggest driver of that premiumization was our growth in U.S. hard seltzers. Despite ending the year with only one nationally distributed hard seltzer brand, our portfolio grew triple digits over the course of 2021, and we generated the largest growth rate in this space among any of the major beverage suppliers per IRI. Today, we have two of the top five hard seltzer brands in the U.S. with Topo Chico Hard Seltzer and Vizzy, and we see more upside ahead. But the – hard seltzer franchises, Vizzy is the only one that has existed for multiple years and has never lost hard seltzer share in a quarter. In 2022, that success is continuing with Vizzy growing both industry and hard seltzer share. And while it’s still early, we are very optimistic about the national launch of Topo Chico Hard Seltzer. Topo Chico Hard Seltzer jumped to the fastest turning hard seltzer nationally, and we believe it can become a top three hard seltzer in the U.S. Per IRI, Topo Chico Hard Seltzer has improved industry share each week since its national launch. Even in markets where the Topo Chico mineral water is less known, we are seeing strong results. Per IRI, Topo Chico Hard Seltzer alone has already reached a five share of hard seltzer in seven new markets since launch. And we’re bringing new packs to the brand with bottles, Margarita Hard Seltzer and Ranch Water that is already driving results. Our 12 pack of Topo Chico Ranch Water is not only the fastest turning ranch water in Texas, it’s the fastest turning in the United States. Our hard seltzer progress extends to Canada, where we achieved a nine share in hard seltzers in less than nine months. That was driven by both Vizzy and Coors Seltzer, with both brands finishing the year in the top 10 hard seltzer brands in Canada. Above premium beer continues to be a growth driver for us as well. In the U.S., Blue Moon Belgian White grew net sales revenue by high-single digits in 2021 and saw double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. Peroni earned double-digit growth in 2021. And our U.S. regional craft portfolio once again outpaced the category. And we are gaining total share of the craft segment in Canada as well, led by the strong performance of Brasseurs de Montréal and [indiscernible] We also continue to premiumized our EMEA and APAC business. Madrí Excepcional has continued to accelerate as the world beer category grows in the UK and in Ireland. As of today, it’s now delivering the fourth highest rate of sale of all draft world liters per CGA. And in 2021, Pravha became the fastest-growing premium 4% larger per CGA. We are also bringing an exciting new innovation to market in the U.S. through an expanded agreement with the Coca-Cola Company. Simply Spiked Lemonade will be our full flavor alcohol beverage inspired by the number one overall juice brand, a growing billion-dollar brand and the second largest brand in Coke’s portfolio. Simply can already be found in one out of every two American households, and the brand continues to grow. So we are very excited about this opportunity to shake up the full flavor alcohol beverage space as more legal age consumers look for bolder flavor. In 2021, we put teeth behind our talk of becoming a total beverage company. Our beyond beer products are performing very well and helping to fuel our emerging growth business, which contributed approximately $800 million to 2021 net sales revenue, taking ahead of our $1 billion annual revenue target by 2023. ZOA has already proven to be a success with a lot of opportunities still ahead as we continue to expand distribution. In less than 10 months, it has gone from non-existent to the fastest growing energy drink in the U.S. per IRI. And it is number two in health energy drink sales in the fee store channel. Latin America closed out to 2021 with stellar performance, generating double-digit growth across this part of the business and record sales in many of the markets in which we operate and we’re backing it all up by investing in our capabilities. There are the physical investments, which are, of course, foundational new hard seltzer production capabilities or the cutting online in the U.S. We will soon turn on a new hard seltzer and spurs production line in Toronto. Our new state-of-the-art brewery is online in Montreal, and we’re adding new canning and production capabilities in the UK. And then there are the investments we are making behind our brands. We increased marketing behind our core brands and key innovations and to become much more effective with those dollars as we accelerated our digital marketing capabilities. Folks, over the past few years, we have laid the foundation for sustainable long-term top and bottom line growth at Molson Coors. Today, our core power brands are growing dollar sales. Today, more of our portfolio is in the above premium space than ever before. Today. We’re moving to scale beyond the bureau. Today, we have stronger capabilities to drive future growth. And because of all of that, because of the foundation we have delayed over the past two years against great odds and in a historically challenging environment, we can give guidance that in 2022, Molson Coors expects to deliver highest top and bottom line growth in over a decade. We will continue to invest in our business to drive towards sustainable long-term top and bottom line growth. Now to give you greater details on that, I’d like to hand it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Tracey Joubert. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. As Gavin highlighted, 2021 was a year of tremendous progress against our revitalization plan. Despite the challenges that we and so many other companies face, we achieved our top line guidance of mid-single digit growth for the year, delivered strong free cash flow, enabling us to further reduce our leverage ratio and return cash to shareholders. We continue to execute our revitalization plan, building a strong foundation for future growth and we issued fiscal 2022 guidance that underscores that progress. Before I take you through our quarterly, our full performance and our outlook, I would like to update on a couple of naming convention changes in our business unit reporting. This does not change our reported results for these segments and was done for the names better effect the geographies within the segment. As of December 31, 2021, our reporting statements are the Americas, formerly called North America and EMEA and APAC formally called Europe. Now let’s discuss the fourth quarter. We delivered strong top line and EBITDA performance. While we benefited from cycling significant on-premise restrictions in the prior year, we were still impacted by the rapid emergence of the Omicron variant in mid-November, which resulted in overall on-premise softness compared to the third quarter. In December, the U.S. on-premise net sales revenue was approximately 86% of December 2019 net sales revenue, down from third quarter levels of a approximately 88%. Canada was approximately 60% of December 2019 net sales revenue, down from third quarter levels of approximately 80%. And the UK was below 80% after being close to 100% in the third quarter. Consolidated net sales revenue increased 13.7% driven by EMEA and APAC growth of 56.5% and Americas growth of 7.1%. Consolidated net sales revenue growth was driven by higher financial volume, positive global net pricing and favorable brand and channel mix due to premiumization and fewer on-premise restrictions versus the prior year. In fact, consolidated net sales revenue increased 4.3% compared to 2019. Consolidated financial volume increased 7.4% as we rebuild U.S. domestic inventories and group brand volumes 2.3%, driven by EMEA and APAC, Canada and Latin America. This was partially offset by lower U.S. economy brand volumes as a result of our economy SKU – and rationalization program. In the U.S., we grew net sales revenue 6.3%, with domestic shipments up 3.3%, reflecting our efforts to bold distributor inventories – the supply disruptions in 2021. U.S. brand volumes declined 3.8%, but this was driven entirely by the economy portfolio which was down double digits, while our premium portfolio grew low single digits and the above premium portfolio was up double digits for the quarter. Canada, our net sales revenue increased 9.9% on strong brand volume growth of 6%, while Latin America net sales revenue increased 15.9% on brand volume growth of 12.4%. EMEA and APAC net sales revenue grew 56.5%, driven largely by Western Europe, but also growth in Central and Eastern Europe. Strength in our core brands and new innovations like Madri led to double-digit growth in above premium and premium volume, partially offset by double-digit declines in economy. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 3.8%, driven by global net pricing growth and positive brand and channel mix with premiumization delivered across both business units. Underlying cost per hectoliter increased 5.2% driven by cost inflation, including higher input and transportation costs and mix impact from premiumization. So we benefited from volume leverage due to higher production volumes and continued progress on our cost savings program. Underlying MG&A in the quarter increased 2.4% as we continue to invest behind our core brands and innovations across both business units, while G&A was flat. As planned, we increased marketing investments in the quarter to levels above the fourth quarter in both 2020 and 2019, providing strong commercial support behind our brands as 2022. As a result of these factors, underlying EBITDA increased 21.9%. And recapping the full year, consolidated net sales revenue increased 4.7%, with Americas up to 2% and EMEA and APAC, up 19.6%. Top line growth was driven by global net pricing, favorable brand and channel mix from premiumization and fewer on-premise restrictions and EMEA and APAC volume growth. This was partially offset by lower financial volumes in Americas. Consolidated financial volumes declined 0.5%, while brand volumes declined 1.7%. Americas brand volumes declined 3.2% as a result of the economy SKU deprioritization, which began in the second quarter of 2021 and rationalization program, which was announced last July. EMEA and APAC brand volumes were up 3%. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis grew 3.8% due to global net pricing growth and favorable sales mix. In the U.S., net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis was up 4.4% for the year, driven by net pricing growth and the succession of both premium products, including Vizzy, Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, [indiscernible] and Peroni. Underlying cost per hectoliter increased 6.9%, driven by cost inflation, including higher input and transportation costs, mix impact from premiumization and volume deleverage. However, with the benefit of our robust hedging and cost savings programs, we were able to mitigate some of the inflationary pressure. Underlying MG&A increased 2.9%, largely due to higher marketing investments versus 2020. In the second half of 2021, we began to progressively increase marketing spend with the redemption of more sports and live events. MG&A increases were also driven by lapping profited cost mitigation actions in 2020 due to the coronavirus pandemic, and were partially offset by our cost savings program. In 2021, we delivered approximately $220 million across MG&A and cost of goods sold in our three-year $600 million cost savings program. Over the 2020 through 2021 period, we have delivered an aggregate $490 million, taking us well on track to meet our $600 million target in total growth savings by the end of 2022. As a result of these factors, underlying EBITDA decreased 3.5%. This was slightly below and approximately flat and was driven by the on-premise process as a result of the Omicron variant. However, underlying net income before income taxes was approximately flat for the year as a result of lower interest and depreciation, 5.6% underlying EPS growth compared to the prior year. Underlying free cash flow was $1.1 billion for the year, a decrease of $183 million from the prior year. This decline can be wholly attributed to the repayment of approximately $100 million of taxes related to various government-sponsored deferral programs related to the pandemic, which benefited the prior year free cash flow of [indiscernible] creating a negative swing factor of about $250 million on our 2021 free cash flow. Excluding these changes, networking capital movements was favorable to the prior year. Capital expenditures paid were $523 million this year, down from $575 million in 2020 and focused on expanding our production capacity and capability programs such as the previously announced Golden Brewery modernization project, our new Montreal Brewery. which opened during the fourth quarter and expanding our hard seltzer capacity in Canada and the UK. We have continued to make great progress strengthening the balance sheet and improving our financial flexibility. We reduced our net debt by nearly $1 billion in 2021 and our trailing 12-month net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio to 3.14 times better than our guidance of approximately 3.25 times, and down from 3.5 times as of the end of December 2020 and down substantially from 4.8 times in 2016 at the time of the MillerCoors acquisition. We ended the year with strong borrowing capacity with no borrowings outstanding on our US$1.5 billion revolving credit facility. That take me to [indiscernible] which calls for both top and bottom line growth in 2022 for the first time in over a decade. Before we go through the guidance, I wanted to note that year-over-year growth rates are in constant currency basis. We are adjusting the metrics providers to best align with the goals of our revitalization plan. Also, and consistent with our historical commentary uncertainty as it pertains to the coronavirus and its variants remains varying degrees by market. If on-premise restrictions are increased and/or reinstated in some of our larger markets. This could have a significant impact on our financial performance during that period. For 2022, we expect to deliver mid-single-digit net sales revenue growth. We expect to deliver high single-digit underlying income before income taxes growth and underlying free cash flow of $1 billion plus or minus 10%. This guidance implies that we will ship to consumption in the U.S. for the year. In terms of phasing, recall that we will start lapping the economies to deprioritization and rationalization in the second quarter of 2022. In addition, we expect to face continued inflationary pressures, including transportation and material costs. While we have levers to offset inflation, including pricing, mix from premiumization and our cost savings and hedging program. These headwinds are expected to continue to pressure gross margin but have been built into our guidance. And we expect to continue to invest behind our core brands and key innovations, which entails increasing the level of marketing investment from the prior year. Given the on-premise restrictions in the first half of 2021, we expect greater year-over-year increases in marketing spend in the first half of 2022. We also intend to invest behind our capabilities with cash capital expenditures anticipated to return to more normal pre-pandemic levels. As a guidance metrics include underlying depreciation and amortization of approximately $750 million, plus or minus 5% reported, net interest expense of $265 million, plus or minus 5%, and an underlying effective tax rate in the range of 22% to 24%. Turning to capital allocation. Our priorities remain to invest in our business to drive top line growth and efficiencies, reduce net debt and to return cash to shareholders. We are maintaining our target net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio of below 3 times by the end of 2022, and we have a strong desire to maintain and in time upgrade our investment-grade rating. And on February 22, 2022, the Board declared a dividend of $0.58 per share, an increase of 12%. Also on February 17, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program, authorizing the company to purchase up aggregate of $200 million of a company’s cost common stock through March 31, 2026, with research is primarily intended to offset annual employee equity award grants. In closing, 2021 was a volatile year, but it did not deter us from executing our plan. The progress we have made has laid a strong foundation to achieve our goals of sustainable long-term top and bottom line growth and our 2022 guidance demonstrate our confidence we are on the right part. And with that, we look forward to answering your questions. Operator?
Operator: We will now begin the Q&A portion of the call. [Operator Instructions] Our first question goes to Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Kevin, your line is open. You can go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks, good morning, everyone. And congratulations on the continued progress, particularly in the difficult environment. I want to start with the sales guidance for the year. Tracey, this may be for you. Maybe just spend a moment on how you expect that to break down between volume and net sales per hectoliter within net sales per hectoliter. Maybe just comment broadly on the contribution you’re hoping for between price and mix, particularly from a pricing perspective, given the difficult input cost environment? And then, Gavin, maybe just at a high level coming off of what’s been a strong year for your key brands. Just offer some thoughts, if you wouldn’t mind on your outlook for Coors Light and Miller Lite in the upcoming year. And then I’ll pass it on. Thank you for that.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning. Let me start, and then Tracey can take you through some of the guidance around cost of goods sold and so on for 2022. But from a pricing point of view, obviously, we’re experiencing inflationary pressures. We expect into continue well into this year. And while we take – have historically take price increases in the spring of every year, this year, we actually announced price increases a little earlier than that. And we went for the price increase of between 3% and 5% that took place mostly in January and the early part of February. And obviously, the amount and the timing of pricing increases does vary by market. We do have more levers than just pricing, of course, right, we have the mix shift which is fundamentally part of our revitalization plan is to shift our mix into the above premium and emerging growth. And emerging growth is almost entirely of both premiums. So I spoke about that in my opening remarks. And Tracey, why don’t you talk about hedging – the hedging program maybe, then I’ll circle back on the brand.
Tracey Joubert: Okay. Yes. I mean, we’ve spoken before about our robust taking program and how we cover all our key commodities. So as we look into 2022 and 2023, we’re really comfortable with that our hedge position and that hedging program is going to play a part in mitigating some of the inflation that we seen.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Tracey. Kevin, look, I mean our business at the end of 2021 is fundamentally more sound than it was at the beginning of the revitalization plan, particularly with our brands, and you reference Coors Light. We ended the year with both of those brands growing the top line, which we haven’t done for Coors Light the Made to Chill campaign continues to work for us, both regionally, nationally and at a local level. It’s resonating and attracting 21 to 29-year-old consumers. And Miller Lite has – despite some of the inventory challenges and some of the tough comps, we had to overcome a just sequentially improved over the year. They continue to focus on a true beer’s beer through all sorts of different brand acts like the beer and managed more recently the exploration into the metaverse. So we feel like those two brands are really well placed hitting into 2022. And then looking beyond that both premium Blue Moon has bounced back very strongly – our emerging growth division, as I said, is ahead of our plan to get to $1 billion. Canada is growing. Coors Light has grown share. It’s as healthy as it’s been for a while. And Europe is bouncing back now that we’re heading through the Omicron variant and restrictions have been lifted, and we’ve got strong above premium innovation, which is a very strong on-premise bias. Yes. I think hopefully, that answers your question, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Yes. That’s very thorough. Thank you very much. I have a number of questions I’ll take offline with Greg and Traci, but continued success. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Kevin. Our next question goes to Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. Rob, your line open. You can go ahead.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. Gavin, I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about how business is starting off this year? I mean we all see the public information January was a very tough start for the whole industry. How much of that do you think is the maybe sticker shock from price increases, Omicron, the weather? Maybe people had a lot of a lot of beer in their pantries given that a lot of holiday parties may have gotten canceled. I’m just trying to get a little bit more of a sense of what the beer industry and your business looks like and maybe what you’re seeing in February to give you confidence to underscore your guidance? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Rob. Look, I’m not going to repeat what I said to Kevin, as far as our overall brands are concerned. But if you look to the January, yes, I mean the data that’s publicly available, will say that the whole industry, it wasn’t the easiest of months. I don’t think pricing has got anything to do with it because the pricing increases came in the month of – even into February to impact January trends. So I don’t think it’s got anything to do with it. And frankly, the price increases, as I just said, for us, 3% to 5%, well lower than inflation rates, which are speaking in the consumers’ minds. I’d point a finger squarely at the second point you raised there, which is Omicron, right? Consumers were resistant to going out into the on-premise December and into January. And as we’ve got further into January and now into February, we’ve seen the consumers come back to the on-premise, particularly in our European businesses where restrictions have been largely lifted, but also in the United States and, to a lesser degree, in Canada. So I’m going to point the finger squarely at Omicron, Rob.
Rob Ottenstein: And so I guess, tied to that, it would be your sense, you’re not expecting much in the way of demand elasticity on the price increases, maybe be less than historical.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, we always – we understand pricing elasticity in a normal world, right? And I think we’re operating in somewhat unknown territory. So I think it’s a little too soon to tell exactly what the various price increases that have gone into the market, what impact that will have from a volume perspective, Rob. I think as we head into spring and summer, we shall see.
Rob Ottenstein: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, Rob. Our next question goes to Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Andrea, your line is open. You can go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. So my question is the assumption of the G&A savings because your earnings guidance embeds faster growth, if I understood correctly, on the bottom line, and I understand from Tracey’s comments that gross margin will go – will be pressured this year in spite of the timing of the hedges, which I’m assuming are going to be better in the first half of the year and then give back some in the second half. So are you embedding your EBITDA margin were expanding 2022 to reach your profit guidance? And then related to that, I think the investors that I got that spoke this morning were asking about what drove the EBITDA miss in the quarter and also the year. And also the reason to refrain from giving guidance on an EBITDA basis for 2022 and use earnings before tax income, just a clarification there. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. I think, Tracey, why don’t you take all those?
Tracey Joubert: Okay. So first of all, I think you spoke of – you asked about the margin expansion. So to add our mid-single-digit top line and high single-digit income before tax line, there’s a couple of things that need to be considered. So first of all, you’re right. I mean, we are seeing an inflationary environment. We expect to see inflation continue on commodities and packaging materials, and we also expect the freight market to remain tight. So that will create a COGS headwind. But to mitigate that, we have a very robust hedging program. As you mentioned, we typically hedge the first year, somewhere between one and three years, depending on the commodity and the liquidity of that commodity. But in the first year, our hedges are obviously higher than the outer years, which are typically lower. So we have a robust seating program. As we look now into 2022 and 2023, we are very comfortable with our hedge positions. In addition to that, we’ve got the cost savings program. This is part of that $600 million program. We’ve already delivered $490 million of that. We’ve got items like the new state-of-the-art more efficient breweries in Canada, that we spoke about that have come online. So that’s certainly going to help from a cost point of view. We’ve got the continued premiumization of our portfolio, which is really all about what the revitalization plan is driving. We obviously have spoken a little bit about. And then this year, we have a full year of contribution of our equity income from our Yuengling joint venture. So we’ve got a couple of those items that will play out in 2022. But having said that, we’re going to continue to invest in our business and behind our brands as we saw in Q4 of 2021. So in terms of EBITDA, the Q4, so we did reaffirm our guidance at the end of October, based on the plans that we had in place. And more importantly, what we were seeing in terms of very strong on-premise performance during Q3 and going into Q4. We stated on the call at that time that if restrictions were reinstated in some of our larger markets that would have a significant impact on our financial performance over the next few months. And we saw that Omicron reemergence in mid-November, and we saw a return to both governments impose restrictions as well as changes to consumer behavior. And that impacted our on-premise performance in all our markets, but particularly in the UK, where we’ve spoken about just what a big part of our business be on-premise is. But having said that, we still hit our mid-single-digit top line and we continue to invest in our brands. So that was important to us. We did not pull back on the investment, which makes – which sort of helps us set up 2022 strong foundation. So that was really the Q4. And then the guidance in terms of EBITDA. So what we have done is we have given metrics, which we believe best align with our revitalization plan goals are driving both top and bottom line growth. We’ve added – in addition to the net income before tax, we’ve added the depreciation and amortization, which we normally give, we’ve given net interest and we’ve given the effective tax rate as well as a free cash flow and leverage target ratio. So if you add those back, you will get back to the EBITDA range. So we just believe that this is a better guidance in terms of our revitalization plan.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Tracey.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Andrea. Our question goes to Bill Kirk with MKM Partners. Bill, your line is open. You can go ahead.
Bill Kirk: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Tracey, plus with some 1Q phasing items, I think you have about 2 million hectoliters shifting back into the first quarter related to the Texas freeze and the cybersecurity events. But I guess what about prior year cost comparisons, are they easier in some ways since the prior year had those disruptions and maybe made servicing the wholesalers more expensive?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So we don’t specifically give quarter-by-quarter guidance, but maybe some of it being think about is from a marketing point of view, marketing will particularly – will be higher in the first half of the year as we cycle some of the on-premise shut downs and things like that. But we are expecting our full year marketing in 2022 to be higher than 2021, but really more so in the first half. In terms of other COGS, obviously, we’re still going to be impacted by inflation as I’ve said. But some of the other things to consider is, assuming that we don’t see levels of on-premise restrictions in the first half of 2022. We’ll expect to see some benefit from volume leverage, particularly in our EMEA and APAC business. We’ll also expect to see both channel and geographic mix benefits as we cycle the first half restrictions in EMEA and APAC, which have a lower overall cost per hectoliter, COGS per hectoliter. And then again, I just do want to mention our robust hedging program where we cover all commodities, and we’re really comfortable with where we’re sitting. Obviously, we’ve also got our cost savings program, which will deliver as well. So I’d say those are some of the things to consider for at least the first half of this year.
Gavin Hattersley: The only other thing I’d add to that, Bill, is the other side of some of that positive, which you mentioned, which is a Texas storm and cybersecurity is obviously our economy of SKU reduction and rationalization, right? So we still have the headwind of that, particularly in the first quarter and then for a chunk of the second quarter. So that will be a negative from a volume perspective. But if you recall in the fourth quarter, we – actually, all of our volume loss in the fourth quarter in the U.S. was driven by economy as premium lights grew as the above premium as well. And of course, we came into the year with robust inventory. So we’re not expecting any meaningful out of stocks. And I think as I said in my opening remarks, we are – we’re actually operating at levels lower than pre-pandemic at the moment, which obviously we’re very pleased about, and I’m sure our distributors are, too.
Bill Kirk: Thank you, Gavin. And as a follow-up there. I think you mentioned Topo Chico was – the hard seltzer was the number two turning hard seltzer. Retailers are finishing up their spring shelf resets right now, did they respond the way you wanted to with Topo Chico here with their resets given those velocity stats?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, they did. We’ve got – our national rollout of Topo Chico has been very well received by both big and small retailers.
Bill Kirk: Okay. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Bill. Our next question goes to Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Steve, your line is open. You can go ahead.
Steve Powers: Yes. Hey, thank you very much. A couple of follow-ups on things, I guess, mostly for Tracey, we’ve covered before. On the hedging program, I guess, are you able to be any more specific around where you think your COGS per hectoliter. I guess, what your outlook is for the coming year before any productivity offsets? I just – I think the spot market would indicate potentially double-digit type inflation. It sounds like you’re going to be well below that. I’m just trying to get a sense for order of magnitude and how much inflation may be deferred into 2023? That’s question number kind of one. And then two, I know I’m supposed to only have one, but if you can – on the second one, on EBITDA, just remove away from explicit EBITDA guidance, I think all the peace parts that you gave us, do allow us to back into EBITDA, but I think it results in a wider range and you might typically land on. So is that intentional, so would be thinking kind of the midpoint of all those things, low single-digit type EBITDA increase? Just – or do you – are you intentionally leaving a little bit wider? So thank you for both those.
Gavin Hattersley: For you, Tracey.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So let me try that. So Steve, look, we didn’t give COGS per hectoliter guidance, but it is both into our bottom line guidance. So the high single-digit net income or income before tax guidance that is built in there. Some of the things maybe that can just help put a bit of color around our COGS outlook is we’ll continue to be impacted by inflation on our commodities and our packaging materials in particular. And we do expect the freight market to remain tight. In Q4, we actually saw some notable impact from inflation on our EMEA and APAC business, and we expect to see that continue into 2022. But it’s basically just one component of our COGS charge and maybe a couple of additional items just to consider to add some color. So again, assuming we don’t see the similar levels of on-premise restrictions as we saw in the first half of 2021, we do expect to see some benefits, particularly in EMEA and APAC business around volume leverage. I also mentioned earlier that we expect to see channel and geographic mix benefits again in EMEA, APAC, which has a lower overall COGS per hectoliter cost. I had mentioned our hedging program, we don’t get into specific details around that other than saying that we typically hedge anyway between one and three years, depending on commodities, depending on liquidity, depending on our outlook of the commodities. And again, at this point, we are comfortable with our hedge positions as we look forward over the next couple of years. Maybe just one more item to consider around COGS is we also are expecting some depreciation benefits as we are cycling out of a five-year period of the asset fair value exercise, which related to the MillerCoors acquisition. So you’ll see some benefit coming out of that. Other than that, we provide a number of actions across our supply chain and other levers that we can pull to deliver our top and bottom line, but the COGS outlook is built into our bottom line guidance. And then just in terms of EBITDA, I mean, really, the intention is to more closely align the metric guidance, metrics with our revitalization plan goal. So that’s all about driving both top and bottom line growth. There’s no intention other than that. We just want to more closely align with how we run the business. So again, we have added the other metrics that hopefully will get you to an EBITDA range, I mean, without giving you specific numbers. But yes, that it, Steve.
Steve Powers: Thanks, Tracey.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Steve. Our next question comes to Nadine Sarwat with Bernstein. Nadine, your line is open. You can go ahead.
Nadine Sarwat: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I want to push a little bit more on gross margins. Tracey, you mentioned and provided some helpful color on all of the moving parts. And in your prepared remarks, you did say that gross margins were going to continue to be pressured. But pushing in a little bit more on that, can you give more precise expectations as to gross margins for this year? What I’m trying to understand is, do you expect to be able to take enough price plus that positive mix to offset the COGS pressures? Or should we be expecting gross margin compression on a year-on-year basis? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Nadine, maybe I can start on that one first. I mean you’ve given all the components of it, right? But I mean if you look at our P&L, obviously, we have a strong push in our revitalization plan to change the shape of our portfolio. And I think we’ve been pretty successful at that last year. I mean – as I said, our brands are healthier – mix is really strong. Coors Light, Miller Lite, our core brands have grown very nicely. So you’ve got a couple of things going on in the top line. You’ve got the pricing, which I referenced, I gave you the U.S. pricing, but obviously, there’s pricing in Europe and Canada coming through as well. We’ve got strong positive mix that will come through as our portfolio reshapes into above premium. We cycled past the economy portfolio in the first sort of first and second quarter will drive positivity from an overall margin point of view. We do have the emerging growth, which is all operating in the above premium, and we’re going to continue to invest in our business. We’re going to continue to put money into marketing. We made that, and Tracey made the point. We were very choiceful in December once we realized that Omicron was going to impact us, we very choicefully chose not to pull the marketing level because we – our brands are reacting so well to the marketing, and we wanted to set ourselves up for a strong 2022, and so that was choice. But and we are going to increase marketing, as Tracey said, in 2022, both in the U.S. and all of our other markets. So we’ve got a lot of levers. And I’m not going to repeat everything, Tracey said about the cost of goods sold line and all the levers that go in there. But we’ve got some positive momentum in the top line. Thanks, Nadine.
Nadine Sarwat: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Nadine. Our next question goes to Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Chris, your line is open. You can go ahead.
Chris Carey: Hey everyone, thanks for the question. So Gavin, I’m trying to just understand a little bit on the – it is a question on – is just how you’re thinking about channel mix in 2022. And you did say that the EBITDA would have been kind of like in line if Omicron had not created the volatility at the end of the quarter. But sales came in line, which I suppose implies a margin impact and specifically channel mix with the on-premise? And if I just run that math on the difference between the full year guide and what kind of came through, maybe it’s like a $70 million difference or a few hundred basis points on margin. Is that how we should be thinking about just the potential benefit of channel mix going into next year as a potential offset in your business. Tracey did mention that in the COGS per hectoliter it is a tailwind to the business just because of different packaging mix, and you’re going to get some volume leverage. So I mean, clearly, we’re all trying to figure out how the cost per hectoliter versus MG&A dynamics plays out. And if you could just maybe offer some perspective on what you think the channel mix is the EBITDA on the quarter? And I think that’s really how we should be thinking about potential tailwind of the business on a profit and margin impact going into next year?
Gavin Hattersley: Right. Chris, yes, a lot going on in that question. Let me see if I can help. Look, I mean I think it’s safe to say that in the fourth quarter, we were expecting our revenues to be higher than what we actually ended up with. So although we met the guidance of mid-single digit, our expectation at the end of October was that – was going to be higher. And obviously, it wasn’t because of the Omicron impact. But there’s a range there, right, of I think mid-single digit guidance is 3.6% to 7.4%, roughly, right? So we were expecting that number to be higher. From a channel mix point of view, obviously, particularly in Europe, it’s very positive for us when the on-premise is open, we’re extremely efficient at that and the margins are good. In the U.S., the margins are also good in the on-premise for us, mostly because we skewed higher on the above premium portfolio than we do on economy, for example. I mean, brands like Blue Moon, Peroni, Pilsner Urquell in the U.S. are all higher margin, higher revenue brand. So when the on-premise is open, we benefit from that. And Miller Lite and Coors Light also disproportionately over-indexed versus some of the lower-margin brands in the on-premise. And you have the same impact in Canada and you have the same impact in Europe. So when the on-premise runs into some challenges, obviously, that has a – that’s a mix negative for us everywhere, but particularly in Europe. As we head into this the sort of 2022. Obviously, we’ve got some tailwinds behind us. I mean in the first quarter, we had the well-publicized challenges of the Texas storms and the cybersecurity of tech. And in Europe, we – as I recall in the first quarter last year, we were pretty much shut down in the on-premise for, I think, the whole first quarter, which obviously we don’t have we did a little bit in January. But certainly, I think as of either this Monday or last Monday, they’ve pretty much opened up the UK completely, which will obviously be positive for us. So we’ve got some positive tailwinds behind us from that perspective. And they happen to be positive tailwinds from a channel point of view because we make more margin there. And then of course, you’ve got the negative headwind of cycling the economy portfolio change, which we’ve got, I don’t know, four or five months left of starting on the January 1. But from a margin point of view, that’s actually very positive for us. So hopefully, that’s helpful, Chris.
Chris Carey: Yes. Thanks, Gavin.
Operator: Thank you, Chris. Our next question goes to Laurent Grandet from Guggenheim. Laurent, your line is open. You can go ahead.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks for us squeezing me in. Two questions actually on the top line as a significant or part of your assumption. So I would like to understand what are you expecting in terms of a sales category growth for this year and the sales you are planning to achieve thanks to Topo Chico and Vizzy? How should – what to expect for Simply? I know it’s not a hotel there, but a different one. And finally, if you can help me try to figure out how much to contribute to the growth of your energy growth division? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Laurent. And on Simply, look, I mean, obviously, we haven’t even launched it into the market yet. So all I can tell you is how the retailers, distributors and consumers are reacting to it. And they reacted extraordinarily positively to Topo Chico, which is doing amazingly well for us. The reaction to Simply has been even stronger than that. The number of households that have Simply in the one in two households in America, it’s a very well-known brand. So if we just go by a reaction that we’ve had for retailers, distributors and from consumers, we’re going to get more than our fair share of shelf space in the sort of above more flavorful area, which is probably where we’ve lagged a little bit this year. We’re tapping into a new segment of flavor for us. And so we haven’t done anything yet, but the reaction has been particularly strong. If you look at emerging growth, it’s got three big components to it, a solid base business, right? We’ve got our distribution business, our craft business in Tencent, Black and then our Latin American business. Latin America contributed, as I said in our opening remarks, really strongly but, non-alc which comprises ZOA and La Colombe. To all intents and purposes, we’re coming off a 0 base of revenue coming into 2021. So a good chunk of the growth that we’ve experienced in the emerging growth has come from non-alc, which is ZOA and La Colombe, Laurent. I’m not going to break out by brand what that is, but you can assume that big contributors to that growth were Latin America and our non-alc businesses. I think those were the two biggest drivers of us being ahead of plan. Thanks, Laurent.
Laurent Grandet: And regarding after this, so if you can tell us basically what’s your assumption in term of category growth? And what your opinion?
Gavin Hattersley: Well look, I mean, from a hot sales point of view, Laurent, I mean, obviously, it was growing very strongly. It came off a lot, but it still grew low teens in 2021. We’ve got two fastest-growing seltzers in – of any major beverage company that differentiated. We’ve got a lot of momentum behind them. And we think we can do really big things with those two brands heading into 2022. I mean we’ve got two of the top five seltzer brands. So we think we’re well-positioned to take share and grow. It’s a big segment, Laurent. I’m not going to put a number as to what we assess that it’s going to grow. But frankly, it doesn’t – we can gain a lot of share in this space, whether they are in a seltzer category grows or doesn’t grow because of the two brands and offerings that we have. Thanks, Laurent.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks. Appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, Laurent. Our next question goes to Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Lauren, your line is open. You can go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning. I wonder if you hone maybe a little bit on expected volume performance for 2022. Just knowing, I guess a, the comments on right so on elasticity and really just sort of not knowing. But if I back into kind of the comments you’ve made on pricing, mix still being positive, I would assume, given you about premium growth. It sounds like you’re planning for volume to be flattish, I’m guessing. And specifically, it through that STRs and thinking about the category backdrop the degree to which if that flattish volume thought process is right, that implies continued market share gain across the portfolio? Or if that’s more of a kind of in-line performance as you’re thinking about how things may well play out next year? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, Lauren, look, I’m not going to give volume guidance. But what I can say to you is, in the fourth quarter, obviously, the entirety of our loss was driven by the rationalization of our economy portfolio. Both premium grew and our premium lights grew in the fourth quarter. Now obviously, there was an element of stock build in the fourth quarter for some of our premium light brands. But our driving to above premium is reaping a benefit. Honestly, we came within a whisker of being positive from a volume point of view for the whole year for Miller Lite and Coors Light. In fact, now it has a guess that if we didn’t have the Omicron virus in the last six weeks that we might well have got there if we hadn’t had the curtailment in the on-premise. So I don’t want to repeat myself from earlier comments, Lauren. But we are expecting a headwind file on the economy portfolio. It’s a very deliberate decision. We think it’s the right decision. It’s a lot of focus for us. That is to focus in on four economy brands. It removes a ton of complexity from our supply chain, which has really helped us to rebuild our inventory levels to levels that we haven’t seen for a while and really improved the service to our distributors on the brands that really matter, which is Miller Lite, Coors Light and our above premium portfolio. So absent another variant in 2022, we think we’re well placed from an overall portfolio point of view.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Thanks so much.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: Thank you, Lauren. Our next question goes to Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Bryan, your line is open. You can go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: All right. Thanks. Good morning, Gavin. Good morning, Tracey. Just one question on – and Tracey, you touched on this a little bit, I think, in the prepared remarks. Just can you give us an update on where we stand now in terms of the progress on the investments that you’ve made in the brewing – in your brewing facilities? So there’s – I think you referenced Montreal. There’s an upgrade going on in Golden, there’s the seltzer capacity. Just kind of where we stand on those projects and maybe the contribution that we’re getting from cost savings related to that? And then if you could, just give us a perspective on what it implies for capital spending for 2022? And then maybe just are we in the right range in this mid-500s as an ongoing CapEx.
Gavin Hattersley: I think that was for you, Tracey.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Okay. So let me start and then Gavin, you just jump in here. So I mean, we – if we just start with our Canadian breweries, so our new Montreal brewery state-of-the-art brewery that we’re building just outside of Montreal that actually came online at the end of last year. We still have some IT projects around bringing the Canadian business on to our U.S. ERP system. So that’s going to continue at least into this year, maybe a little bit more into the early part of next year. And then we’ve got the transformation and the modernization of our Golden Brewery. That’s a multiyear project. So that’s still ongoing. The investment in our hard seltzer capabilities, so we’re putting in capabilities in Canada and the UK, so that will be this year and next year, that’s big project and then also our packaging upgrade projects that relate to sustainability of our packaging, et cetera, that’s ongoing. So I’d say those are the three big projects. Now we haven’t given specific CapEx guidance, but – what we do expect is our CapEx to return to more historical levels. So if you have a look at around 2019 type of spend, you can expect that for this year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. That’s really helpful. And just, Tracey, if you could just – I guess, if you could just give us a sense of just how much incremental savings or productivity efficiencies? Just like how much more we could expect incremental from here?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. I mean I’d just refer you to our cost savings program. So we – so right at the beginning of revitalization, we spoke about $450 million of cost-savings primarily related to the COGS line. So that would include the Montreal brewery, some of those types of efficiencies that we put in place. And then the $150 million of the revitalization program was primarily around the G&A areas. So we – $490 million of that $600 million, so the balance will be delivered this year. And again, the majority of that would be related to the COGS line. So the more efficient breweries and the lower cost breweries. But I’m not sure that we can say much more than that other than it is included in that cost savings number.
Gavin Hattersley: The only other thing I’d add to that, Bryan, is obviously we have been pretty clear, open about the fact that as we bring seltzers into our own facilities. So the margin impact is very positive for us, right? And we started bringing Vizzy in last year into Fort Worth and we’ll bring Topo Chico in 2022. And in Canada, we’ll bring those in-house, and we’ll do the same in the UK. And that’s really positive from a margin point of view. And then, obviously, Tracey mentioned Montreal, right. I mean that brewery there was a couple of hundred years old, and we’ve placed with a state-of-the-art brewery and it has meaningful cost benefits for us. Thanks, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: All right. That’s really helpful. Yes. Thank you. Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you, Bryan. Our next question goes to Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Dara, your line is open. You can go ahead.
Eric Serotta: Hi, this is actually Eric Serotta in for Dara. Good morning. The first – main question is I wanted to circle back on with shelf space. Seemingly potentially a lot of shelf space up for grabs if the expected trimming in hard seltzer – marginal hard seltzer SKUs happens. Just your thinking about that in terms of opportunities for Molson Coors, what you’re looking at in terms of shelf space position? Who do you think other than Topo Chico is picking up that? And in the broader context of spirits is having one of its best years last year in memory and RTDs being particularly hot. What kind of risk do you see for some of the core brands in terms of shelf space and retailers that are able to hold to carry spirits and RTDs?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Eric. Yes, you’re right. I mean, spring is where most of the comprehensive change from a recent point of view takes place. And that’s when most of the large innovations are actually launched. And our team are selling our purpose drives purchase category management strategy, where we believe that all decisions start with occasions. And therefore, all segments matter, and getting the call right for retailers in those segments is really important. And obviously, innovation is incredibly important to that as well. So our team is focusing – driving productivity on our core brands, Coors Light, Coors Banquet, Miller lite, Blue Moon Belgian White, and Leinenkugel’s particularly Summer Shandy. And at the same time, they’re selling what I think is one of the most focused and exciting innovation pipelines that we’ve had in years with Topo Chico Hard Seltzer and Vizzy Mimosa and Topo Chico Margarita and Simply Spiked and Blue Moon Lightsky Tropical Wheat, it’s really focused and exciting. And with that strong performance in our core, which we’re experiencing as well as the innovation we bring, we are expecting to see expanded shelf space for our business in the spring, and that’s what we’re striving towards. Thanks, Eric.
Eric Serotta: Great. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the conference back over to the management team for any closing remarks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Greg.
Greg Tierney: All right. So thank you very much, everyone, for joining us today. Thanks, Gavin and Tracey, and we appreciate all of those who are able to ask questions. Traci Mangini and I are very happy to follow up on any additional questions that you may have over the next couple of days. So with that, thanks, everybody, and have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today’s call. Thank you for your participation. You can now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. With that, I'll hand it over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, Charlie, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks today from Gavin and Tracey, we will take your questions. .  Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements, and actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release. And also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. With that, over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg, and thanks, everybody, for joining us here this morning. I'm going to change things up a bit here from our normal structure, and I'm going to share 7 key headlines from our third quarter. Firstly, Coors Light is growing share of the total beer category in the United States. This is our biggest brand in our biggest market, a brand that many doubters could get back onto this trajectory, and it's growing share in the industry for the first time in more than 5 years. Two, globally, Molson Coors' net sales revenue from its above premium portfolio has surpassed 25% of our brand volume net sales revenue on a trailing 12-month basis for the first time since the revitalization plan was announced. Third, Molson Coors' grown share of the U.S. above premium segment for 2 straight quarters for the first time in over 5 years. Four, as we expand beyond beer and with 3 months still left in the year, Molson Coors has sold nearly 2 million cases of non-alcohol beverages in the United States; five, Molson Coors' total market share trend in Canada has improved for 8 straight months, leading to national share growth in the third quarter, and the European business has bounced back, essentially reaching 2019 revenue levels; sixth, challenges in the global supply chain impacted our third quarter volumes. We are already seeing improvements in brewery output in October. We are back to shipping approximately 1 million barrels per week in the U.S. during the fourth quarter. And in aggregate, distributor inventories are starting to improve; and seventh, like for so many others, transportation availability and transportation costs are worse than they have been in years. So I want to start there and then we'll work backwards. Like we've discussed for the second quarter and like other CPG companies, inflation was again a challenge in Q3, specifically with respect to transportation. Fuel prices are up, truckers are in short supply around the world and freight costs are up 2%. As Tracey highlighted in our second quarter earnings, we have long-term contracts with carriers and a robust hedging program as well as meaningful cost savings programs to mitigate price fluctuations. The driver shortages at our existing carriers are forcing us to use the spot market and to pay spot market rates, which are significantly higher than they have been in many years. Right now, up to 1 in every 4 shipments are at these high spot rates. That level of inflation cannot be completely absorbed or avoided, and you're seeing the results in our COGS for the quarter. Beyond the hedging and cost savings, we are taking steps to reduce the impact, including shipping more beverages on rail. Also, we expect gross margin benefits as we continue to premiumize our portfolio under our revitalization plan and achieve improved efficiencies through our economy SKU deprioritization and rationalization plans. But even with those steps, inflation will continue to be a pressure point for us and for just about every other company. Our shipment trends in the third quarter were not what we wanted them to be. Some of that is related to the challenges of moving finished goods to distributors and also moving suppliers within our brewery network. Some of that is related to our own suppliers having difficulty in getting us the materials we needed since they're facing the same supply chain challenges as everyone else in the world. But the good news is that this trend, as I've said, has already started turning. While August and September were difficult production months, the steps we have taken in the third quarter to expand our base of material suppliers and improve our availability for most packaging materials have allowed us to increase shipments so far in the fourth quarter. We are once again shipping approximately 1 million barrels per week in the U.S., and that has helped us increase distributor inventories by approximately 20% over the past few weeks. So that is, of course, the measurement of our total network and that is a trend we expect to build on. I also want to quickly address volume. Some of you may look at our North American volume trends with concern. But I want to remind you that this is predominantly the result of an intentional and strategic decision we made to deprioritize and eliminate a number of large -- a large number of lower-margin, slower moving SKUs in the U.S. that were mainly in the economy segment. The intention was to simplify and premiumize our portfolio, and that is exactly what is happening. So our volume is down, but our net sales revenue per hectoliter is up. And I can again tell you that we are on track to deliver on our full year key financial guidance for 2021. This is what is happening in Canada. We have improved our national share trend for 8 straight months, leading to total share growth in the third quarter. This is the best share trend performance we have seen in at least 6 years. As the on-premise reopens in Canada, our share is growing above 2019 levels, a big driver of our progress. Coors' growing share of the segment in Canada as well with Miller Lite also growing approximately 30% in the quarter. Molson Ultra has seen strong year-to-date performance with volume growing mid-single digits along with strong share gains. These are all very good signs for our business in Canada. Not to be outdone, our European business has bounced back strongly. In the U.K., our on-trade net sales revenue has now reached 2019 levels, and margin has surpassed 2019 levels as the business continues to premiumize, which I'll touch on in more detail in a moment. As we look to the fourth quarter, we plan to keep this momentum up by stepping up our European marketing investments. 2 years after shifting from a beer company to a beverage company, we have reached a significant milestone. For the first 9 months of the year, we have sold nearly 2 million cases of non-alcohol beverages as we continue to drive towards our $1 billion revenue ambition for our emerging growth business by 2023. We have launched into categories where we think we can create scale offerings like water, energy and coffee. First, of course, is our partnership with Zoa, which has been making some serious noise since its launch just over 6 months ago. It's the #1 new energy franchise in 2021, and it's already a top 20 energy drink brand. Zoa already has 31,000 buying outlets and over 115,000 points of distribution with more coming online every day. There's a lot of upside for this brand. We have the distribution partnership for La Colombe's incredible lineup of ready-to-drink coffee, 1 of the fastest-growing spaces in the beverage industry. And thanks to our early success with distribution in large national retailers, we've also unlocked national distribution of La Colombe in grocery and mass channel stores for early 2022. Growing beyond the beer aisle is no longer an aspiration. We're doing it, and we're driving scale. Molson Coors' grown share of the U.S. above premium segment for 2 straight quarters for the first time in over 5 years. That mark is largely driven by the continued success of our U.S. hard seltzer portfolio, and this is another space I want to take a little more time to discuss. There's been a lot of noise over the past few months about hard seltzers in the U.S., a lot. Not all of it has been accurate, and much of it has been unproductive. Now hard seltzer is going to keep growing at 200% per year. But of course, not. And we've been clear since last fall that we didn't expect them to do so. But in spite of the rosy forecast some had a year ago and the bleak forecast being thrown about today, there are some clear truths. Hard seltzers are here to stay. There are over 10% of beer category sales and growing. But the segment has matured and the easy growth is over. Moving forward, it is going to take distinctive, differentiated brands in order to succeed, and that's why we feel so confident about our portfolio. While so many of the mainstays are declining, Molson Coors has the fastest-growing hard seltzer portfolio in the United States. Vizzy brand volumes grew 50% in the third quarter versus the prior year and passed yet another competitor to become the #4 hard seltzer in the United States. Despite only being launched in 16 different markets in the U.S., Topo Chico Hard Seltzer occupies the #3 slot as a new item in the general malt beverages category. The brand also garnered a 2.4% share of the U.S. market according to IRI, and this success has led to the national expansion of the brand. But that is not the extent of our premiumization. Our joint venture with Yuengling launched in Texas this quarter, and we are very pleased with the very early results. By the end of August, it was already available for purchase in 40,000 locations across the state. As the on-premise continues to strengthen, so have 2 of our biggest above premium brands. Peroni is up double digits, gaining share in the category and outpacing all other European imports. Blue Moon Belgian White is up high single digits. And this quarter, we announced plans to build upon the success of Blue Moon LightSky, which our data shows is 96% incremental to the flagship Belgian White. Blue Moon LightSky continues to see double-digit growth year-to-date after finishing 2020 as the #1 new beer in the United States. In 2022, we'll add more muscle to the Blue Moon family as we launched LightSky Tropical Wheat. As I said in our second quarter earnings call, premiumization is here to stay at Molson Coors. All that growth in the U.S. is contributing to a significant premiumization of our entire global portfolio. So much so that as of the third quarter, the percentage of Molson Coors portfolio that is above premium has surpassed 25% of our brand volume net sales revenue on a trailing 12-month basis for the first time since the revitalization plan was announced. And that progress is being seen throughout the company.  The early returns on our Canadian Hard Seltzer portfolio have exceeded expectations with both Vizzy and Coors sales are generating strong market share. We will extend that streak when we introduced Topo Chico Hard Seltzer in Canada in 2022, which we announced this month. Six Pints, our Canadian craft business, is growing double digits despite on-premise restrictions. Combined with the growth of Miller Lite and Molson Ultra, this has continued to drive the premiumization of our business in Canada. In Western Europe, our new Mediterranean lager, Madre, has already doubled its distribution goal for the year, now at approximately 5,500 on-premise outlets with more coming in the fourth quarter. In Central and Eastern Europe, New Smooth pilsner lager Pravha, has been performing above expectations across the market with presence in more than 15,000 outlets supported with strong media campaigns, reaching over 13 million consumers. And in Latin America, Coors Light is growing in Puerto Rico for the first time in 15 years, where it sells at an above premium price point. And speaking of Coors Light, that brings me to the final point I want to make this morning. In the face of many doubters, Coors Light is growing share of industry in the United States for the first time in more than 5 years. The brand's strong performance in the third quarter was aided by the continued success of our Made to Chill campaign and through increased marketing investment. We're actually making progress on the things that are within our control and driving measurable results that continue us on the path to delivering on our goal of sustainable, long-term top and bottom line growth. We are 2 years into our revitalization plan, and I remain confident that we are on track to deliver our full year key financial guidance for 2021, while continuing to invest behind our brands.  And I'm very optimistic about the future for Molson Coors. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. As Gavin mentioned, we are again reaffirming our key financial annual guidance for 2021. We continue to make real progress executing our revitalization plan. We invested behind our business, driving premiumization of our portfolio of our brands and strengthening our core business while continuing to delever our balance sheet and to reinstate the dividend. But like most consumer product companies, we face supply chain challenges and inflationary cost headwinds in the quarter, which had an impact on our quarterly results. Now let me take you through our quarterly results in more detail and provide an update on our outlook. Consolidated net sales revenue increased 1% in constant currency, delivering over 99% of third quarter 2019 level despite the on-premise continuing to operate below pre-pandemic levels. Consolidated financial volumes declined 3.9%, primarily due to lower brand volumes, which were down 3.6%, largely due to the economy segment, including the economy SKU deprioritization program. Top line performance benefited from strong global net pricing, favorable brand mix levels in North America as we continue to premiumize our portfolio, double-digit revenue growth in Europe and positive channel mix. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 3.6% in constant currency, driven by the strong pricing growth, coupled with positive brand and channel mix. Underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 8.9% on a constant currency basis, driven by cost inflation, including higher transportation and input costs, mix impact from premiumization and volume deleverage. However, with our robust hedging and cost savings programs, we have been able to mitigate some of the inflationary pressure. Underlying MG&A in the quarter increased 3.5% on a constant currency basis due to higher marketing investment behind our core brands and innovation as well as parking targeted reductions to marketing spend in the prior year period due to the pandemic, which was largely offset by lower G&A expenses. As planned, we increased marketing investments in the quarter to levels above second quarter 2021 and third quarter 2019 levels, ensuring strong commercial pressure behind our key innovations and core brands. As a result of these factors, underlying EBITDA decreased 10.9% on a constant currency basis. Our effective tax rate in the quarter was significantly impacted by a discrete tax item. You may recall in the second quarter of last year following the issuance of certain U.S. tax regulations, we recognized a material discrete tax expense of $135 million. It was related to previously taken tax positions over several years.  In the third quarter of this year, we reached a settlement with the tax authorities with regard to our tax positions impacted by those tax regulations. As a result of the settlement, we had a release of unrecognized tax benefit positions in the quarter that resulted in a P&L tax benefit of $68 million, including a $49 million discrete tax benefit in the third quarter. Underlying free cash flow was $933 million for the first 9 months of the year, a decrease in cash received of $227 million, from the prior year period. This decrease was primarily driven by the repayment of taxes related to various government-sponsored deferral programs related to the pandemic. As a reminder, in 2020, working capital was positively impacted by over $200 million for benefits related to these government tax deferral program. Capital expenditures paid was $363 million for the first 9 months of the year as we continue to invest behind capability programs such as our previously announced Golden Brewery modernization project and our new Montreal brewery expected to open by year-end. Capital expenditure levels were relatively consistent with the comparable period in the prior year. Now let's look at our results of our business units. In North America, the on-premise has not returned to pre-pandemic levels, but continued to improve on a sequential quarter basis. In the third quarter, the on-premise channel accounted for approximately 14% of our net sales revenue in the quarter, compared to approximately 12% in the second quarter of 2021 and 16% in the same period in 2019. In the U.S., the on-premise accounted for about 88% of 2019 net sales revenue in the quarter. In Canada, restrictions continue to ease throughout the quarter with the on-premise net sales rising to 80% of 2019 levels in the third quarter, up from about 25% in the second quarter. North America net sales revenue was down 2.1% in constant currency as net pricing growth and positive brand mix were more than offset by lower volume. North America financial volumes decreased 4.8%, largely due to lower brand volumes of 3.8%, driven by the U.S. In the U.S. domestic shipment volumes decreased 6.6%, trailing brand volume declines of 5.2%, driven by unfavorable shipment timing and declines in the deprioritized economy segment. Economy was down double digits as we deprioritize and announced the rationalization of approximately 100 non-core SKUs, which were primarily in the economy segment. Conversely, our U.S. above premium portfolio was up high single digits. Canada brand volumes improved 0.5% in the quarter, and Latin America brand volumes continued their strong performance and experienced 9% growth, reflecting the easing of on-premise restrictions. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 2.4% in constant currency with net pricing growth and favorable brand mix, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix given the growing license volume in Latin America. U.S. net sales per hectoliter increased 3.2%, driven by net pricing growth and positive brand mix, led by best premium innovation brands, including Vizzy, Topo Chico Hard Seltzer and Zoa. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis grew in Canada due to positive brand and channel mix as well as net pricing increases while Latin America also increased due to favorable sales mix. Underlying cost per hectoliter increased 7.3%, driven by inflation, including higher transportation and packaging materials and brewery costs, volume deleverage and mix impact from premiumization. Underlying MG&A decreased 1% as higher marketing investments were offset by lower G&A due to lower incentive compensation expense and the recognition of the Yuengling Company joint venture equity income. We increased marketing investments behind our innovation brands and our iconic core brands, Coors Light and Miller Lite, including an increase in local tactical spend as on-premise restrictions eased throughout the quarter. As planned, we increased U.S. marketing investment compared to not only the same period in 2020, but also versus 2019. North America underlying EBITDA decreased 14.3% in constant currency. Europe net sales revenue was up 14.7% in constant currency, with an 11% increase in net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis driven by positive brand, channel, geographic and packaging mix and positive net pricing. Top line performance also benefited from the on-premise reopening in the U.K. on July 19. And of note, in the third quarter of 2020, the on-premise have fewer restrictions than in the second and fourth quarters of that year. The U.K. on-premise channel net sales revenue reached similar levels of pre-pandemic levels in the quarter. Europe financial volumes decreased 2% and brand volumes decreased 3%. The decline was primarily due to lower Central and Eastern European volumes driven by increased on-premise restrictions related to the coronavirus and the disposal of our India business in the first quarter of 2021. This was partially offset by growth in the above premium brand volumes, which reached another record high portion of our Europe portfolio. Underlying EBITDA increased 2.7% in constant currency as revenue growth was partially offset by higher marketing investments. Turning to the balance sheet. As of September 30, 2021, we had lowered our net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio to 3.3x and reduced our net debt to $6.6 billion, down from 3.5x and $7.5 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2020. On July 15, we announced that we had repaid in full the $1 billion, 2.1 senior notes that are maturing that day using a combination of commercial paper and cash on hand. We ended the third quarter with strong borrowing capacity with approximately $1.5 billion available capacity under our U.S. credit facility. Now turning to our financial outlook. We are again reaffirming our 2021 key financial annual guidance originally provided on February 11, 2021. While we are sitting in a better place than we were a year ago, it bears reminding that uncertainty pertains to the coronavirus and its variants remains severely decreased by market. If restrictions are reinstated in some of our larger markets, this could have a significant impact on our financial performance over the next few months. Now I'll provide some underlying expectations to provide some additional context for the balance of the year. We expect to deliver mid-single-digit net sales revenue growth for the full year on a constant currency basis. We continue to work to build inventories with wholesalers, which have been at low levels. And as Gavin mentioned, we are making progress. In the U.S., we expect on-premise trends to continue to improve as we lack restrictions in the prior year period. In Canada, we continue to see greater on-premise reopenings bearing by COVID, which should continue to provide positive channel mix. In Europe, the U.K. top line should strongly benefit from the prior year fourth quarter, given the on-premise was fully locked down for November and December of 2020, which are typically strong months given the holidays. Our guidance also anticipates continued strength in our both premium portfolio, particularly hard seltzers, innovations and imports. Also, we expect continued solid progress against our previously discussed emerging gross revenue goal of $1 billion in annual revenue by 2023, against which we continue to track ahead of plan driven by Zoa, La Colombe and Latin America. We continue to anticipate underlying EBITDA to be roughly flat compared to 2020 as top line growth is expected to be offset by continued cost inflationary headwinds largely transportation and packaging materials, including aluminum and the Midwest premium and increased marketing investments to deliver against our revitalization plan. Under the revitalization plan, 2021 has been a year of investment for the company, and we intend to continue to increase marketing investments to build on the strength of our core brands and support successful innovation. As Gavin mentioned, we expect fourth quarter marketing investment to be higher than the fourth quarter of 2019, as we continue to ramp up supply and put commercial pressure to support our big bet brands in both North America and Europe. We continue to anticipate underlying depreciation and amortization of $800 million, and net interest expense of $270 million, plus or minus 5%. However, due solely to the discrete tax benefit in the third quarter, we have adjusted our effective tax rate range for 2021 only to 13% to 15% from 20% to 23% previously. Also, as a reminder, in 2020, our working capital benefited from the deferral of approximately $130 million in tax payments from various government-sponsored payment deferral programs related to the coronavirus pandemic. We currently anticipate the majority to be paid this year as they become due. Moving to capital allocation. We continue to prioritize investing in our business to drive top line growth and efficiencies, reducing debt and returning cash to shareholders. First, we plan to continue to prudently invest in brewery modernization and production capacity and capabilities to support new innovations and growth initiatives, improve efficiencies and advance towards our sustainability goals. Second, we have a strong desire to maintain and, in time, upgrade our investment grade rating. As such, we expect to continue to improve our net debt position and reaffirm our target net debt to underlying EBITDA ratio to be approximately 3.25x by the end of 2021, and below 3x by the end of 2022. And third, on July 15, our Board of Directors determined to reinstate a quarterly dividend on our Class A and Class B common shares and declared a quarterly dividend of $0.34 per share payable on September 17. The Board made the decision to reinstate the dividend at a level that they believe is sustainable and provides room for future increases as business performance improved. In closing, to be sure we have faced challenges in the quarter, but are proud of our agility and the actions we have taken to manage through them. Through it all, we have continued to successfully execute against our revitalization plan with clear premiumization of our portfolio. And despite all the ups and downs throughout this year, we have reaffirmed our key financial annual guidance yet again. Like most consumer product companies, we face near-term challenges, but the fundamentals of our business remains strong, and we are confident we are on the right path toward long-term sustainable revenue and underlying EBITDA growth. So with that, we look forward to taking your questions. Operator?
Operator: . Our first question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. I was hoping -- sorry, Tracey and Gavin, both of you very clearly reiterated the expectation on EBITDA for the year. My only question is just it implies really significant growth in the fourth quarter. And given the COGS for hectoliter inflation, it was 9%, if I recall, this quarter, I know the, if you will, comp gets easier on cost in the fourth quarter year-over-year and you've got some on-premise tailwinds with mix. But just anything else we should be aware of that kind of allows for the type of EBITDA growth you would need particularly at Q4 in order to get to the year given the cost environment, it's going to be helpful to get more color on that.
Gavin Hattersley: Lauren, yes, look, I mean just -- the first statement I'd say is that we wouldn't reiterate the guidance if we didn't believe that we would hit it. Maybe just a couple of contextual points to help you here, right? I mean, the fourth quarter last year in Europe and Canada were very difficult as a result of the almost total lockdown of the on-premise. And that's not our expectation this year, and we haven't seen that in October, which is obviously the first month of the fourth quarter. I did cover off in my opening remarks, the challenges that we had with the sales to wholesalers shipments in the third quarter. And that has improved meaningfully in October due to the actions which we took to improve that. And as I said, our distributor inventory levels are approximately 20% higher than they were coming out of the third quarter, which is obviously very helpful from that perspective as well. Our above premium performance continues to accelerate, whether that's brands like Blue Moon Belgian Whites and Peroni and our seltzer portfolio as well as our emerging growth portfolio. So yes, I think those are the contextual points I would give you. On the flip side, I'll tell you, at the same time, we do intend to increase marketing spend. I know there's been some conversation about the fact that it's either or. And for us, it's not. It's both and. And we did that in the third quarter. We increased our marketing spend above 2019 levels and above, obviously, 2020, which was -- is an easier comp. And we plan to spend more than 2019 levels in the fourth quarter as well behind the success that we're seeing in many of our brands. So hopefully, that's helpful for you.
Lauren Lieberman: It is. I mean -- I think the -- my recollection was that some of the innovation, though, at least in the near term, is margin dilutive? Or there is a higher cost to do some of the above premium and emerging growth pieces of -- again in the near term. So I guess, is that incorrect? Or are we starting to cycle some of that already by the fourth quarter? Because maybe I'm thinking that maybe the biggest thing is the distributor inventory, right? Is the higher volume moving out the door and the leverage you're going to see on those shipments is maybe the biggest piece of the equation?
Gavin Hattersley: Well, certainly, that is going to be positive for us in the fourth quarter. I'd reiterate again that our European and Canadian comps for Q4 are not terribly challenging given the on-premise environment that we had last year. And certainly, as we start to gain scale in some of our innovations, so that improves profitability. I mean we have increased our seltzer share by more than 50% since the beginning of the year. And our 2 brands in that space are growing faster than any other major company in the third quarter, and we plan to accelerate that. Our share on seltzer in the last readouts was close to 7.5%. So already even more than we saw at the end of Q3. So that's -- I think that kind of covers it all, Lauren.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. And Gavin, congratulations on being so prescient in your views on the seltzer category. Along those lines, love to get your thoughts on how that category -- how you really see that category developing as well as how the overall RTD category is developing and kind of the interaction between those 2, if you see them pretty much as the same thing or a little bit different? And how your views on how those are going to develop, impact your long-term strategy?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. Yes, look, you're right. We have been saying for more than a year now that seltzers couldn't grow at the pace that they were growing. But I would say that it's still up double digits year-to-date. So I mean, the segment is significant, and it's here to stay. But it's important now, I think, in this new space in the seltzer categories, you need to drive strong brands with a clear point of difference. And that's why our 2 seltzer brands grew more share than any other major brewer in the third quarter and why we feel so good about those 2 brands. As far as the overall ITD space is concerned, I mean, obviously, it's an emerging and fast-growing segment. ITD sales already outpaced spirits, and that gap is only going to widen in the future. And competing in this space is a natural fit for us, given that we've got hundreds of years of experience in alcoholic beverages and lots of experience in 12-ounce cans and bottles. So we will continue to compete in this category with brands like Superbird and potential innovation that we're looking at.
Operator: The next question comes from Nadine Sarwat of Bernstein.
Nadine Sarwat: Gavin and Tracey, two related questions, if I may. So the first is industry press has reported that you'll be significantly increasing your freight and fuel surcharge to distributors. So when does this increase become effective? And does this help you offset the increase in transportation costs? If so, by how much, given that pressure we've seen on margins? And the second related question is, could you elaborate both on the magnitude and cadence of your pricing increase over the next 12 months?
Gavin Hattersley: Nadine, from a freight and fuel point of view, this is a program that we put in place with our distributors, gosh, 10 years ago, Tracey. Yes, about 10 years ago. And the objective was they're really there to share the increase in freight and fuel and to eliminate volatility. And we've had years where the freight and fuel surcharge has gone down, for example, the last 2 years. And unfortunately, given the significant challenges that exist in the whole freight and fuel market, it is going to go up meaningfully next year. And yes, it is a cost sharing between ourselves and the distributors. So about -- was 50-50. So I mean it's a cost sharing. When do we finalize the number? We finalized it at the end of the year and it will apply to the whole for the whole of next year. As far as pricing is concerned, Nadine, that one is a tougher one for me, right? Because obviously, we don't provide guidance on price going forward for obvious reasons. But we closely watch and evaluate our pricing. We do it on a market-by-market basis. We do it brand by brand to see how it best fits with our brand strength and so on. And obviously, input costs play a role in those decisions. We do have other levers which can help offset inflationary pressures. As Tracey mentioned, one of them moving from truck to rail. We've got our cost savings programs. We have a robust hedging program. Our overall premiumization strategy is driving strong positive mix in our NSR per hectoliter. I think this quarter was the fifth quarter that we've grown that, notwithstanding the significant comp that we had in this space from Q3. And then we've got a variety of revenue management tools. We've spent a long time in the last 6 years since 2015 building revenue management tool capability. And I think we've as well placed in that space as we've been in a long time.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: I actually wanted to go back to Lauren's question on the fourth quarter, if I could, just to better understand because while I think I get the easier comparison with a year ago in parts of the business. The guidance implies essentially a return to, as I do the math, about 95% of 2019 EBITDA in the quarter, which itself was, I think, a multiyear high. And that's in spite of the higher marketing, Gavin, you mentioned the supply chain inflation we've been talking about elective cost of some of these economy brands. So just if you -- I know you've already addressed it once, but if there's anything you can kind of elaborate on a little bit further, just give us more confidence and build that bridge, not so much to 2019, but just -- sorry, 2020, but thinking back to a 2019 base when things were more normal because it feels like a pretty big step-up relative to the run rate year-to-date. And I guess, underneath that question, is that 1 million barrels per week shipment velocity that you called out for October. Is the implication and the emphasis on that to say that you expect to be able to maintain that for the duration of the fourth quarter?
Gavin Hattersley: Steve, let me see if I can try and help you without repeating everything I just said. I mean I would again say we wouldn't give you the guidance if we didn't believe we would hit it. I don't -- that's just not how we operate. Shipments is obviously an important factor in this. And getting back to 1 million barrels a week. It was an important milestone for us that -- but just to give you some dimension, that's kind of the level of shipments that we would have as we head into summer. So we're doing a really nice job so far in October of rebuilding our distributor inventory levels and inventory days. And already, many of our SKUs are close to where we would like them to be. It's not 1 million barrels every single week because obviously, the Thanksgiving, we would shut for Thanksgiving day and there's Christmas Day and so on. So it's not a 1 size fits all for every single week, but that's an important component. From an on-premise point of view, in both -- in all of U.S. and Canada and Europe. I mean, this is performing better than it has in previous quarters. From an NSR point of view, in the U.S., we're at approximately 85% of 2019 levels in Q3. And in Canada or on-premise restrictions have eased back a lot and volumes are back up to close to 80% of 2019 levels. And as I said, the U.K. and Central Eastern Europe from an NSR point of view, is close to 100% of what it was in 2019. And the fourth quarter last year was a very, very tough comparison for both Canada and for Europe. Our NSR per hectoliter when you compare it to 2019 is going to be meaningfully up because of the premiumization efforts that we've had.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: So again, I'd like to come back to the seltzer comment probably more, I mean focus on what you are doing. You would be launching Topo Chico nationally beginning of the year, expansion into Margarita and some more figured expansion in Vizzy. So you used to give the street kind of your objective in terms of market share. Could you share with us what your objective for next year and what you are trying to reach with those line extensions? And then probably, if I may, I mean, on the Beyond Beer. You mentioned about the 1 million case and it start to be meaningful. So how should we think about the economics for you guys of those brands? I'm thinking more about La Colombe and Zoa.
Gavin Hattersley: Laurent, look, on your seltzer question, we have made and we continue to make great progress against our share goals that we have for hard seltzer. We've grown, as I said earlier, our category share over 50% since the beginning of the year, and we continue to see positive trends. As I said, in the latest IRI read, we're almost at 7.5%. And that's despite limited distribution for Topo Chico and despite the fact that we are cycling about 1 percentage point for Coors Seltzer, now that we're out of Coors Seltzer. And our ambitions just don't stop at double-digit share, right? We've got the national rollout of Topo Chico coming as well as some really great innovation in both of our seltzers and some of which we've announced and some of which we haven't. And then we already obtained share in a number of states and in a number of key retailers. In Canada, we have almost hit our 10 share goal already with Vizzy and Coors Seltzer. And we've got the same innovation and Topo Chico coming in the pipeline next year as well. So we're -- as I said, we're working hard and we're making real progress against our seltzer goals, and we love our differentiated brands that we've got in that space. And as far as beyond beer is concerned, it was 2 million cases, and that was just the non-alc space, Laurent. So we've got -- the Latin American business is growing very, very, very well despite some of the coronavirus challenges that they've got down there. And that operates in the above-premium space. Within the non-alc space, we haven't disclosed the economics of our agreement with both of those companies. But you can rest assured, we wouldn't do it if it wasn't profitable and as the business expands, so we start getting scale for brands like Zoa and for La Colombe.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Gavin and Tracey, I just have -- I guess, just a question around marketing, just 2 points that I'd like you to cover if you can. One is just with the step-up in marketing investments this year. Are we now at a place where this is a good level, meaning the reinvestment has been made, and this is a good run rate? Or is there room or opportunity to increase that marketing investment more beyond '21? And then just with Coors Light specifically, Gavin, can you talk about in the U.S. given the investments you're making there, just kind of where you stand in terms of, I guess, share of voice relative to maybe some of its direct competitors because it appears that you're gaining more impressions or you have more impressions, but just wanted to see if that was accurate.
Gavin Hattersley: Bryan, look, I mean, we obviously continue to believe deeply in the power of investing behind our brands to drive awareness and increased consideration, attract new consumers into our space. And we've aggressively shifted our media spend over the past few years to channels where our consumers are. So that would be the digital space. And if you go back a few years, our spend in that area, I wouldn't say -- I wouldn't use the word minimal, but it was not a lot. And we spent more than half of our marketing spend in those channels at this point in time. We will continue to invest what we believe is the right amount of marketing behind our brands. And if you remember, when we announced the revitalization plan, we said we wanted to spend more behind our core brands Miller Lite and Coors Light. Coors Light In both the U.S. and in Canada and in Europe, behind our brands like Carling and Ožujsko and Staropramen, Pravha and so on. And so we intend to do that. And we actually -- we are seeing the benefits of that. I mean we -- I've talked a lot about how we feel about Coors Light, and we're seeing very strong performance out of that brand, driven by the success of our Made to Chill program. So yes, based on the strong performance, the confidence that we've got in the campaign and the brand, we will continue to fuel their momentum with ongoing media support. I think that was -- I think that were the questions that I covered, Tracey. Yes.
Bryan Spillane: Yes. I was -- just to be clear, in terms of the marketing, like the step-up in marketing investment that's happened since you announced the revitalization plan, we're pretty close to that stepped-up level now. Now whether you invest more or not maybe a function of just where the business is going, but the -- that initial sort of bump is now going to be in the base as we exit '21.
Gavin Hattersley: Per hectoliter, it will be a little lower this year, right? Because it's still a little bit noisy this year, Bryan, given that in the first part of the year, many of the things that we would sponsor, we didn't because they weren't there. So some of the -- particularly on the local marketing side of life with fares and festivals and some of the sporting events in the beginning part of the year weren't there. So I wouldn't say it's a totally clean year, but we have stepped up our marketing spend this year. We have stepped it up in Q3, and we will step it up in Q4 as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Gavin, bit of a longer-term question building on some of the themes that you've talked about, but specifically, how you're defining success in the U.S. over the next 3 to 5 years? So through the revitalization program, you're clearly doing a lot of the right things and seeing tangible results, which is encouraging, emphasizing beyond beer. I think you said the above premium is now 25% of the portfolio, and that grew nicely in the quarter, which is great. The cross current, of course, is the leverage to economy, which continues to have demand headwinds, Light continues to face demand headwinds. Although to Bryan's question a moment ago, the market share trends with Coors Light have been encouraging. So years ago, I think the company put a stake in the ground and indicated it could get back to flat volumes in the U.S. I think it's -- the decision was made to kind of subsequently walk back that target. But as we sit here today, what objective measures would you like investors to anchor to in terms of how you're defining success in the U.S. over the next 3 to 5 years?
Gavin Hattersley: Kevin, yes, you're bringing out a statement that I made, I think in 2015, about being flat in volume and growth. And obviously, our revitalization plan, our focus is on revenue, not necessarily volume. And the quality of our revenue and changing the shape of our portfolio is what is important to us now. So for me, what success looks like over the short, medium and long term is that we're driving sustainable top line revenue growth and at the same time, driving our profits. So it's not an either or for us, it's a both end. And we're going to do that, as I've said, by focusing in on our core so that would be Miller Lite and Coors Light. And we've talked a bit about the success of how we're doing with the Coors Light. And in particular, in Canada and in the U.S. but also our core brands in our European markets. I mean a real success story for me is what the team have done with Ožujsko in Croatia. It was a brand that was in long-term decline, and they've turned that around and have been growing it nicely behind our increased focus behind core, changing the shape of our portfolio at the above premium levels was our second priority. And the third priority of beyond beer is coupled with above premium, right, because we're only going into above premium beyond beer areas. So whether it's the success of our efforts in seltzers or new brands like Madre and Pravha in Europe or Blue Moon Belgian White and Light Sky in the United States with Zoa and La Colombe. I'd like to see the shape of our above premium portfolio to obviously be bigger than 25%. We've got an internal goal yet, which we haven't shared externally. But obviously, we would like to see that grow to a higher level. So at its highest level, top line, bottom line, sustainable growth and a changed portfolio shape defined success for us, Kevin. Given everything that we've experienced over the last 2 years, I'm very pleased with the progress that the team has made overall against our revitalization plan. If you you'd ask me if I would be happy, we are where we are in the sort of first months of the gloom of the pandemic, I would have taken it in the heat beat, and we're in a good place.
Operator: The next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala of Credit Suisse.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Gavin, if I may ask you to maybe just simplify for myself and for investors, you kind of open talking about the success of a lot of these innovations. Can you maybe aggregate them and talk about how much they collectively contributed to your growth? I think you said 2 million cases for soft drinks, but maybe at Topo Chico and Yuengling and some of these other things in terms of how much they're contributing. The other thing you kind of mentioned at the very beginning was much of the volume decline is linked to your intentional decision to de-prioritize a series of some premium products. Can you talk about how much of a drag that was if you were to add that all up, and that could help us get an understanding of how the underlying business is doing.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure. Kaumil, let me try and answer that without actually giving you all about brand volumes because we don't do that. But let me start off by saying that the -- our share loss per IRI in the third quarter was down 90 basis points. 80 basis points of that was economy. So 90% of our volume losses or reduction, should I say, is economy. Most of that or large part of that is very deliberate decisions that we've made to simplify the portfolio. So maybe that will help just the start. 90% of the...
Kaumil Gajrawala: That was for share, right? Not for volume share, not for absolute numbers, just to make sure I heard that right, 90% of the volume share was linked to the economy side.
Gavin Hattersley: It was. And 80 basis points of the 90 basis points in share we lost would have been economy. And 90% of our U.S. volume losses was economy. So I think it's safe to say we can say most of it, right? From an individual performance point of view, we're not going to break out every single volume element of our above premium portfolio. But we've got real pockets of strength and growth in our Latin American business, which is above premium. Sometimes that can be -- it depends whether it's export or license. Certainly, export is performing particularly well for us. Zoa is -- and our non-alc space is also relatively low base. So a large chunk of that 2 million cases is all incremental, which still relatively small, but growing particularly strongly Kaumil. From a Yuengling point of view, from a third quarter point of view, it was really just in the market for months, right? And we don't obviously take all of that volume into our business because we're in a joint venture with the Yuengling family. But our U.S. above premium was up single digits in Q3. And so the strategy is coming together, Kaumil, that's what I would tell you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Carey of Wells Fargo Securities.
Christopher Carey: Gavin, Tracey. It's following a recent line of questioning just around the economy SKUs and how you see the mix of the portfolio evolving over time and the focus on value over volume and how that can play out in the near term. I guess if you look at your portfolio today and you think about your aspirations for the go forward on getting to a volume growth basis, do you still see aspects of your portfolio, which you potentially need to improve? And I suppose there always are these opportunities, but maybe more strategically. And then if that is the case, do you see the premiumization strategy over time as enough to offset some of these decisions and then it's all sort of connected to the volume dynamic, but the share gains are well taken in some of your most important brands. But I guess the other side of that is just the categories have been under pressure, tough comps, and there are other aspects that are in play there. But do you have any view on where you kind of see category growth going forward? I know it's not something that you can necessarily control, but that is an important dynamic here. So if I put all that together, there's this dynamic around the portfolio, how you see it today. But as premiums issued could be enough to offset future decisions and just maybe your latest thoughts on the category, the categories which you play would be helpful.
Gavin Hattersley: Chris, look, I mean, from our perspective, we think we've made the right move in the economy space to reduce complexity in really focusing on 4 key economy brands. We've long said that we believe all segments all matter to our consumers and the decisions we've made around our economy portfolio are not meant to change that view. So we still have 4 key brands in that -- 4 key economy brands in that space that we're focusing on like Keystone Light, Miller High Life Steel Reserve Alloy and the Tiki series and  and we will continue to focus on those brands and having reduced so much complexity out of the economy portfolio. It's allowing both ourselves and our distributors to really hone in and focus on performing very well with those 4 key brands in the economy space. From an overall segment point of view, we believe that seltzers are here to stay. We believe that there is growth to be had in seltzers. We believe that there is strong growth for us in the beyond beer space. We recognize the need to offer products beyond traditional beer, and that's why we're putting so much so much focus on that. We believe that innovation and great innovation around beer and around seltzers will add value to both the category and ourselves over the next 3 years, and that's why we're putting so much emphasis on a really tight and focused innovation portfolio. Remember, Chris, that our focus is not so much volumes, right? It's really about driving revenue and value, and that's what we're doing. So I wouldn't expect our volumes to be positive necessarily because of the actions that we've taken in the economy portfolio. But we think they're right. And then I think to address your other questions. We don't have any plans to do any more big moves in our economy space. We went as deep as we believe is necessary. And now we're going to focus in on the 4 key ones. So thanks, Chris. Sure. I think we have time for one more question. I'm getting that signal.
Operator: The final question we have time for comes from Brett Cooper at Consumer Edge Research.
Brett Cooper: Just Gavin, I'd love to get your perspective on the sustainability or durability of your efforts into the flavored side of the world, whether that be seltzer, whether that be ready-to-drink spirits given, I think, historically, the lack of success that the industry has had. And I know you won't get into talk about other people's brands, but maybe what you see either qualitatively or quantitatively with brands like a Vizzy or Topo Chico relative to some of the F&B products that you've had historically that haven't been able to retain their volume and sales that they initially logged.
Gavin Hattersley: Okay. Yes, look, I mean, I think making sure that we've got differentiated brands that the consumer actually wants is a big factor for us, right? Because we do continue to see strong performance from Vizzy. There's lots of distribution runway available for it. It's holding firm as the #4 brand in the space. Topo Chico continues to deliver. It's currently in just 16 markets. And remains the fastest turning brand in Texas, the third fastest turning brand nationally. And we believe there's a very strong opportunity for seltzers to bring Latino drinkers into the space because they're relatively under shared. And we think that Topo Chico plays really, really well into that space given the data that we have. So I think the key for us is differentiation. We've been preaching it for a while now, Brett, we wouldn't have been as successful as we have been in the seltzer space. If our brands weren't differentiated, if there was just a me-too with what was there. And so the brands that we brought are differentiated, that are fast moving, and we have real differentiated innovation coming behind both of those brands in the new year. So we think there is lots of upside for our portfolio in this space. And as I said, we also believe that this is a big segment that is going to be here to stay. And we intend to be a meaningful player in it. Thanks, everybody, for your interest. And if there are any follow-up questions, our Investor Relations team would be happy to take them. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company in Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. With that, I'll hand it over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, operator, and hello everyone. Following prepared remarks from Gavin and Tracey. We will take your questions. Please limit yourself to one question and if you have more than one question, please ask the most pressing question first and then re-enter the queue for follow-up. If you have technical questions on the quarter, you pick them up with our IR team in the days and weeks to follow.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg. Good morning and thank you everybody for joining us today. Nearly two years ago we laid out the Molson Coors revitalization plan, a multi-year strategy to deliver a sustainable top line growth that has alluded our business for many years, while at the same time delivering sustainable bottom line growth. Under the plan we have streamlined the company only reinvesting those savings to build on the strength of our iconic call, aggressively grow our above premium portfolio, expand beyond the beer aisle, enhance our capabilities and support our people and communities. We had a few doubters then and we had some unexpected challenges since from a global pandemic to severe Texas winter storms to a cyber-attack in our company. But nearly two years later we can say to those doubters with confidence that Molson Coors is on a path to deliver sustainable top and bottom line growth. Our performance this quarter speaks for itself. I say that because for nearly two years, we've talked a lot about the outputs of our revitalization plan, new investments, new partnerships, new product launches and new campaigns. So today we're able to start talking meaningfully the outcomes from the revitalization plan and that's an important shift. In the second quarter, despite ongoing pandemic restrictions, we delivered the most top line growth of any quarter in over a decade and we nearly achieved 2019 net sales revenue levels on a constant currency basis despite this pandemic restrictions during this quarter. I'm incredibly pleased with this progress, but it's a strong indicator of what is yet to come through our revitalization plan. Our progress was primarily driven by three things. First, it was driven by the fact that we delivered the best brand mix in the United States since the inception of the MillerCoors joint venture in 2008. This significant premiumization of our portfolio was led by the strong growth of our US hard seltzers where we doubled our share of the US hard seltzer segment in the second quarter. We took over as the global brewer with the fastest growing US seltzer portfolio and we recently passed another major brewer in our fourth in total US seltzer share as we continue to move towards our goal of achieving a 10 share in the US by year-end. Those are outcomes. We are also continuing to see strong traction with our busy innovation. With these fast turning new Lemonade variety pack help the Vizzy brand gain almost a full point of US share in the second quarter, and we just added another new package to their family with Vizzy Watermelon, which has been a hit with retailers thus far.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. We posted a strong second quarter which exceeded expectations. We continue to make real progress executing our revitalization plan and we are starting to see the results in our operating performance. As Gavin noted, we continue to premiumize our brands and strengthen our core business, and our improved financial flexibility has enabled us to invest in our business while continuing to deliver our balance sheet and to reinstate a dividend. Now, let me take you through our quarterly results in more detail and provide an update on our outlook. Consolidated net sales revenue increased 13.7% in constant currency, delivering 98% of second quarter 2019 levels despite continuing to operate with varying degrees of on-premise restrictions. Consolidated financial volumes improved 5.5% uptake in brand volume growth of 3.1% driven by higher Europe volumes and favorable US domestic shipments. Top line performance benefited from on-premise reopenings in the quarter for most of our major markets, as well as strong global net pricing, positive channel mix and historic favorable brand mix levels in the US, as we continue to premiumize our portfolio. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 5% in constant currency, driven by pricing growth coupled with positive brand and channel mix, partially offset by geographic mix, given the strong growth in Europe and Latin America. This top line growth was somewhat offset by inflationary pressures, which impacted most consumer product company as well as increased marketing investments as we continue to execute our revitalization plan. Underlying cost per hectoliter increased 8% on a constant currency basis, driven by cost inflation including higher freight and packaging costs. However, with robust hedging and cost savings program, we have been able to significantly mitigate much of the inflationary pressures. MG&A in the quarter increased 25.3% on a constant currency basis as we cycle timing shifts and targeted reductions to marketing spend in the prior year period due to the corona virus pandemic. As planned, we significantly increased marketing investments in the quarter, putting strong commercial pressure behind our key innovations and core brands. Underlying EBITDA decreased 1.3% on a constant currency basis, but increased compared to 2019 second quarter levels. Underlying free cash flow was  for the first half of the year, a decrease of $238.2 million from the prior year period. This decrease was wholly driven by letting roughly $500 million in benefits in the prior year related to tax deferrals due to governmental programs and was partially offset by favorable working capital and lower capital spend.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session.  Our first question comes from Rob Ottenstein, Evercore.
Robert Ottenstein: Great, and thank you very much. Gavin, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you've learned so far about the hard seltzer market. Clearly, it seems that there is some issues with beer branded trademarks, but at the same time you've got this proliferation of 700 brands or more then I understand, there is competition from various ready-to-drinks so love to get your thoughts on that. And then, also want to understand why you're not using the Vizzy trademark more in Europe and the UK and that you feel that you need to have different sorts of trademarks there. So a lot of questions, just really love to get your thoughts on what you've learned about hard seltzers and what's going on in that segment. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Robert and good morning. Look, I mean, we've always said that the growth rates weren't going to continue at the elevated levels that were and that others might have seen. You know Robert it is really no surprise to us the stated growth is slow because you know, the category was starting last year huge comps and we've said in the past that seltzers we're a beneficiary of the on-premise shutdown because such distribution exposure in the off-premise and so as the on-premise is reopened and there is less distribution. And so this is not a surprise to us. I think we've been saying this for almost a year. We've also been saying for a while, even if it's growing at 10%, 20%, 40%, there really isn't anything else in the beer space that's growing that quickly. So it's good for the beer category and it's good for us. In North America, in the US, we've got two very clear and differentiated winners from our point of view and we plan to continue our focus on Vizzy and Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, Now you referred to a Coors Seltzer. Robert, I would say to you that Coors Seltzer up in Canada is actually doing really, really well and it's already achieved double-digit share in some retailers and it's between Vizzy and Coors Seltzers probably the most successful product launches that we've had for our company in 5 years up in Canada. We do believe that there will be a shakeout in the near future as many brands struggled to succeed in the crowded space and while Vizzy and Topo Chico Hard Seltzer continue to accelerate, Coors Hard Seltzer wasn't. And so that's why we made the decision in the US to discontinue Coors seltzer and commit our energy, our resources, the material supply we've got in our shelf space to busy Vizzy and Topo Chico. Of course, it's going to stay in Canada, as I said, it really well the market dynamics are different in the brand has performed well. In Europe, it's exhibiting in the UK and Central Eastern Europe some of the same trends in the early days is the as the US did. And we've obviously tested all of our options from a brand point of view and the early read was that Three Fold was the right brand to go with and it's landed very well. We are building capacity there and I think we're well positioned in the UK to be a strong player if it takes off like it did in the US. And the same applies the Central and Eastern Europe. Why? Moment was the best brand, resonated really well with the consumers there. The Central Eastern European team do a fantastic job from an execution point of view. So the execution is really good and we actually have first mover advantage in Central and Eastern Europe. So, we feel very good about a leading position in Central and Eastern Europe with that brand as well. I think I hit all your questions Robert, if I didn't, happy to take a follow-up from you.
Robert Ottenstein: Yes, and thank you for that detail. The only other one was how do you look at the interaction between hard seltzers and ready to drinks, there's some observers say that there's really not much interaction. It's the same occasion. I'm not sure I believe that 100%, but love to get your thoughts on the various ready-to-drink concoction that are coming up and how you intend to play in that space going forward as well, I know you're doing a few things there. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, Rob. I mean, yes RTD beverages are emerging, an emerging and fast growing segments in fact RTD sales already outpaced spirits and that gaps I think, going to likely widen in the future. Competing in this space is a natural fit for companies like ourselves who have got experience packaging beverages in 12-ounce cans and bottles and working with our distributor partners to get those products out there. So, we look forward to competing in this category with Proofpoint and we've got Superbird as well, which is the top end of that, which we launched earlier this year, and you know we have other offerings that we believe will appeal to consumers in our innovation pipeline.
Robert Ottenstein: And how much interaction do you see in these ready-to-drink products with hard seltzers or is it too early to say?
Gavin Hattersley: I think it's too early to say, Rob, I mean obviously there is some interaction, it's interesting we've been asked this question as it relates to the beer category and there is more of seltzers volume and growth is coming from outside of the beer category than it's coming from inside the beer category. Our data would suggest that I've seen our competitors, say the same thing and certainly it's been very positive from an overall beer category, beer segment point of view.
Robert Ottenstein: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Kirk with MKM Partners.
William Kirk: Hey, thank you for taking the question. So, you talked a bit about the rationale to streamline economy brands, but it also looks like there is some discontinuing of some SKUs for pack sizes on brands like Coors Light and Miller Lite. So can you talk about the decision - I guess to streamline pack sizes as it relates to your efficiency efforts?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, thanks Bill, and good morning to you as well. Look, we did a thorough review of all of our SKUs and brands. I would say the majority of the SKUs and brand or certainly all the brand reductions, the majority of the SKU reductions are in our economy space. We did identify a few SKUs, which were slow moving and which could be substituted with other more profitable SKUs that would make us more effective and so there would have been just a few outside of the economy space that we rationalized, the vast majority of it is in the economy space.
William Kirk: Got it. And Tracey as a follow-up, I think you said that US brand volume declines were entirely economy. Does that mean excluding the discontinued economy brands that US brand volumes positive or do the remaining economy brands still drag that number into the negative?
Tracey Joubert: No, so the SKU is just recent and so I would say that it's really the prior sort of economy portfolio that is driving that down.
Gavin Hattersley: And Bill Miller Lite and Coors Light in the second quarter as I said, I think in my prepared remarks grew. I haven't done thing I've been able to say that often over the last sort of 15 years or so, and our above premium portfolio did very well as well with the Blue Moon franchise coming back strongly, our craft brands coming back and we're very pleased with our seltzer performance.
William Kirk: Thank you. I appreciate it guys.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Our fourth question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning. Let us talk a little bit more about on premise, and number one, just thinking about brand strategy and portfolio. So, first I was curious about hard seltzer, the degree to which you're trying to expand presence of your brands in on-premise, I think that you had mentioned Vizzy as an on-premise play in Canada, if I got that wrong, I apologize, but I was curious if that was in the thought process for the U.S.? And then, also just I think industry wide discussion of big brands gaining more presence, Staropramen and so on as on premise reopens and I was curious, the degree to which you're starting to see that or been positioning for that to be the case as reopening continues. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, thanks, Lauren. Look, yes during the pandemic, we did see increased demand for large trusted brands and this is particularly true in the on-premise. Many on premise owning sticking to faster moving brands and this obviously benefits brands like Miller Lite and Coors Light, in particular for us and we are seeing that trend stick as we certainly into the sort of new normal. As I said earlier, with Miller Lite and Coors Light we did grow segment share for the 27th quarter. We're also seeing growth in our above-premium portfolio with for example Blue Moon in the US is up nearly 15% in the quarter, Peroni is up nearly 35% and it has provided us an outstanding opportunity to sample our newer offerings, like Blue Moon LightSky and Vizzy and Topo Chico Hard Seltzer which we actually missed that opportunity last year. So certainly, I wouldn't say it's just Vizzy that's going on-premise, I would say both Vizzy and Topo Chico hard seltzer, Topo Chico is as good as well as it's doing, it's in fairly limited number of markets, less than half of the states in the US and in those states it's beyond the desire for it to be on premise has been very, very good. Canada, obviously little too early to say because the restrictions there have a drag on a little longer than they did in the United States. So, to seem to tell how the Canadian on premise is going to open up. In Europe, it's been very pleasing. As you know, significantly over-indexed to the on-premise. So, the on-premise recovery that's taking place in Europe has been very positive for us. And in fact in July, we've seen the on-premise business in the UK start to approach 2019 levels and hold there; so that has been very encouraging for us.
Lauren Lieberman: And just a follow-up to just clarify, it's within on-premise that's opened, do you believe that you're gaining share within those outlet because of any degree of greater distribution or relative presence within the channel?
Gavin Hattersley: In the US the answer is yes. In the UK the data lags a little bit, so not ready to call that, yes. We have a hypothesis that we are, but I don't have data yet to support that. In Canada, obviously the reopening is not in a place where we can determine that yet, but in our biggest market, the answer to that is yes Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. And then, the plan is to get to bring Vizzy and Topo Chico hard seltzer on premise in the US and you have the capacity to do that in your plans is that for this year is that more of a looking into 2022?
Gavin Hattersley: Certainly, we have a capacity, with Vizzy we have been able to meet all the demand that our distributors have had with for Vizzy ready since the beginning of the year. Topo Chico obviously is more challenging from a supplier point of view. It continues to perform extremely well. It has only got one SKU, it has got distribution in 16 markets and supply continues to be a little tight, but the production is improving and that is going to allow us to push distribution, which would include the on-premise, but also allows us to start turning our marketing campaign on behind Topo Chico as well Lauren. So, I guess it's a convoluted way of saying, yes.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great, thank you so much.
Operator: Next question; Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Steve Powers: Thank you very much. A couple of questions centered on brand volume dynamics. In Europe, if my numbers are correct, It looks like you're at about 91% of 2019 in the quarter, which is up from the mid-70s last quarter, which is great. And I guess just as you think about the back half, do you think you kind of hold steady at that mid-90s index level or do you think your plan is vision improvement, number one. And as we pivot to North America, you're also at 91% index to '19 in the quarter. But that was down from 94% in the first quarter presumably, as the economy brands were deprioritized, but as we think about the back half, similar question, do you think you'll recover that index to '19 in the back half, number one, and number two, you mentioned that premium and above premium were at the highest percentage of the overall mix you've ever seen. I guess, I'm curious as to whether in absolute terms, those price tiers are - how they compare to where you were in '19 in similar timeframe? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Steve. Okay, let me see if I can get all these for you. Look in Europe as I said, actually, and particularly in the UK, as you know on-premise is really important to us and we've actually seen the on-premise approach 2019 levels for the last, well most of July. Actually, it actually spiked a bit higher than that, but that was distorted by the Euro finals. We were actually in the UK where actually for a few weeks quite substantially above 2019 levels. That's settled back down now and as I said we are approaching 2019 levels. Central Eastern Europe is a little being a little bit more impacted by tourism and so we're probably not quite at the UK levels in Central and Eastern Europe, and you know in the US, we've seen, as I think I said on the last call, more outlets opened from an on-premise point of view than we were initially expecting and certainly volume has increased and settled down into a fairly stable level. We will have in the back half of the year, a lot more phase festivals, alliance opportunities which we didn't have in the second half of last year, and I'm referring to football primarily, which is a big drinking occasion for us. So, without wishing to put particular goals out there we are encouraged by what we're seeing from an on-premise, and then you volume point of point of view, I wasn't totally sure I got your price tiers question Steve said. Let me give it a shot. I mean, we did, as I said, had the strongest share of our of our portfolio being above premium in the second quarter based on an NSR point of view it was up into the high teens level, which we haven't seen levels like that since the joint venture hadn't started, so working particularly well. And in Q2, our NSR was actually above 2019; so encouraging signs for sure.
Steve Powers: Okay. No, that's helpful. If I just put it back to you, it sounds like you do in North America, expect that the total portfolio, not just the on-premise, but the total brand volume portfolio can better approach 2019 levels in the back half versus what we saw in the second quarter, is that a fair playback?
Gavin Hattersley: No, not really, Steve. Because of our decisions around the economy portfolio. Right. So the economy portfolio as we, as I said in my prepared remarks and as we announced to our distributors today, we are taking a meaningful cut on our economy portfolio to rationalize that. So that would be a negative for us. And if you look at our share performance. I think it's our share performance quoted often 70% of that, of that decline in shares is the economy portfolio for us and we paused a lot of SKUs and brands and some of them as we announced today won't come back. So certainly from a premium lac and above premium point of view, which include seltzers we're feeling really good about our position and our momentum.
Steve Powers: Okay, that helps. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: Hey, good morning everyone. I wanted to kind of pull together some of the topics we've discussed so far on the call, kind of bring it back to the revenue and EBITDA guidance, kind of Gavin is you're assessing the first 6 months of the year, looking to the balance of the year and specifically around the major puts and takes. When you spoke at the investment community in June, you said that the company was running ahead of plan, on premise recovery certainly seems to be running ahead of plan and certainly where folks thought perhaps 6 months ago, the performance of your seltzer portfolio similarly also running ahead of plan, commodity environment worse and then it seems like the SKU rationalization, probably has greater pace than you anticipated at the start of the year. So can you kind of pull all this together? I was hoping you could comment on anything perhaps we're missing just put a finer point on the puts and takes as you look back over the past six months how this has progressed your level of confidence for the company as you look to the balance of the year? And then perhaps just confirm given the set up here and the strategy; it sounds like the inclination will be to reinvest any top line upside, if you could just confirm that?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin. A lot going on there. So I guess the two things, which I would say when we talked to the investment community at Q1 which didn't transpire as we were expecting was Canada, the reopening of the on premise and the continuation of the lock down went on for longer than we were expecting in Canada. And in the UK, we were expecting so called Freedom Day to be back in June, and as you know, that was delayed into July. I would say those are the two things that we didn't know at that time. From a revitalization plan point of view, yes, I mean we are the whole rationale for the revitalization plan is to drive both top line and bottom line growth and the first year was always going to be a reinvestment year, which was supposed to be last year, but we've been through all the reasons why that didn't make sense. And we're certainly reinvesting behind our brands this year, we, increased our marketing spend meaningfully in the second quarter. There were couple of things that didn't make sense for us to do you, like investing meaningful marketing in Canada while it was closed and delaying the UK out a month. So that was probably marketing spend that we would have spent in Q2, which will now move into the back half of the year. And as Tracey said primarily in Q3, our supply situation has improved meaningfully since the cyber-security attack and our fast moving brands and SKUs with the exception of one or two SKUs or sub-segments, our inventory levels that are higher than they were at the same time last year, which allows us now to really put emphasis behind our brands. And as I said Topo Chico is supply, we worked really well with our partners to increase our supply in the third quarter and beyond. And so that will be coming through, which will allow our marketing teams to really put emphasis behind that. So - and I think I've answered your question, Kevin, but help me if I haven't.
Kevin Grundy: No, thanks Gavin. It's extremely helpful. If I could just squeeze in one quick follow-up with Tracey on the cadence of the margin profile for this company. There's a lot of discussion on the ability for the company to reach pre-pandemic levels as you sort of look at, I understand there is a lot of volatility it's still in the environment, how should investors think about that balancing the need to reinvest and get investment levels back to pre-pandemic levels, but is there any reason to think that over the next couple of years that at the total company level margins should not reach where they were in 2019, and then I'll pass it on.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. And we have not given guidance beyond this year, but as Gavin says the revitalization plan that is about premiumization which obviously comes with higher margin, it is about the cost savings initiatives in our breweries as well as from a G&A point of view, so that should help. Beyond that and we haven't given guidance, but I would just consider those items, specifically related to revitalization.
Kevin Grundy: Very good, I'll leave it there. Thank you. Good luck.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nadine Sarwat with Bernstein.
Nadine Sarwat: Yes, good morning everybody. Thank you for taking my question. So I want to zoom in a little bit more on Europe. I mean, so how much of the volume growth that you saw in Europe came from restocking at distributor levels or retailers, especially on trade as you said Freedom Day was meant to be in June, Then it was moved to July, and then any update on the state of the inventories now and how that can help us think of the state in Q3? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine. As far as inventory levels, is that a question for Europe or the U.S.?
Nadine Sarwat: Maybe we kick off with Europe and then, that was actually can be my follow-up on the U.S.?
Gavin Hattersley: Okay. Well, look, in Europe we experienced progressive increase as was the strategy reopened as you know it, we have been for outdoor consumption on April 12 then moved indoors on May 17th and then obviously only fully out into Freedom on July 19th. We saw on premise volumes in Q2 average around 70% of pre-pandemic levels, and as I said in July, we've seen on premise really start to approach the 2019 levels. There wasn't one week or two-week buildup of inventory in the on-premise and so I would say that would be more progressive. I mean, frankly, we don't hold big inventories in the UK at all. So it's not going to be a material impact one way or another from an inventory level point of view. And then, for as far as inventories in the U.S. are concerned, look, we said we want it to be in a better place by Memorial Day and we were going to be in a good place by July 4th with our big brands and our fast-moving SKUs and certainly cans was always the big challenge and we delivered what we said we were going to do with cans and on our big brands and large packs and the inventory levels for those SKUs are actually have been and continue to be above the same levels as they were in 2020. So, we're making good progress today.
Nadine Sarwat: Great, that's very helpful. And then if I could you squeeze in one more follow-up, a lot of questions so far Topo Chico. Can you give us any indication as to data you're getting from the consumers, how much of that performance is coming with respect to new trials or repeat buys? Any additional color would be helpful.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, Nadine. I mean, the demand Topo Chico is incredibly strong, and it's really only got one SKU and we've only got distribution in 16 markets. It's already the number three new item in the segment. It's quickly become a fastest trading seltzer brand in Texas, the number three fastest turning seltzer overall right behind White Claw and Trudy and our supply continues to be tight, but our productions improved that is going to allow us to push distribution and features, our distributors, our retail partners have got strong belief in this brand and we're seeing that from a consumer point of view as well. It's actually a top 10 growth brand in the country and as I said, less than half of the of the states. From a, where is the volume coming from, it's coming from across all of the demographic groups is, no one particular demographic group that dominates and I'm sure it's taking share from some of our competitors, yes, for sure.
Nadine Sarwat: Okay, thank you. I'll turn it over.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine.
Operator: Our next question is from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Thank you and good afternoon, everyone. So sets of questions and the first one is really in trying to exhausting their questions from seltzer. You obviously mentioned that Coors seltzer is stopped, but your goal to reach in 10% of this seltzer can be carried by year end. So if you can, the re-provide some color on how to would you bridge the gap from where you are right now to 10% and really on these with the loss of Coors seltzer would you be pushing for Vizzy in the short term to gain more shelf space and how comfortable you are to get that and also, we got seltzer  probably got some more and I would say manufacturing capacity to launch faster Topo Chico to virtually in-house sooner. So wanted to know if this stop has been impacting the time line for Topo Chico to view that we did in-house to be relaunching in more states?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Laurent. As far as our 10% share goal is concerned, we, as I said, I think we got two clear and differentiated winners with Vizzy and Topo Chico. With Vizzy we are seeing strong traction with the innovation that we brought, particularly the variety pack to and Vizzy Lemonade. We're seeing with retailers, we've got all three Vizzy SKUs on shelf that we see almost a two third increase in each of those SKUs velocities. And so we're going to continue to fuel Vizzy's momentum we've got more innovation coming. We have had innovation LTOs like a June pride pack, and we've just recently launched Watermelon variety pack. So it's carved out a unique point of difference in the category, and so much so that we're well on our way to becoming the number four spot in the segment despite all the new entrants in 2021. I'm not going to show our hand in terms of which brands are going to take Coors hard seltzer's space, but you can assume that we do have innovation coming on Vizzy and we will utilize Coors hard seltzer space to put that innovation from Vizzy into that space. And so we feel good about Vizzy, Vizzy will certainly be a big part of getting to our 10 share goal and as will Topo Chico, as I said to Nadine, I am not going to repeat all of that, but it does remain incredibly strong, suppliers improving. We have worked with our third-party suppliers to ramp up their supply and we will go national when we believe we can supply the markets that we're in at this point in time. I mean, our highest high is not quite clear yet on Topo Chico because we haven't been able to supply all the demand in Texas wherever a 10 share. I say other states. we doing equally as well. So, in terms of when are we going to bring it in-house, we've always said we're going to bring it in-house in 2022 that plan is on track. When we do it will improve our margins and it's a slightly different process than perhaps Vizzy as well Coors seltzer. So it's not a direct substitution from a liquid point of view, but certainly from a cans availability point of view, we've got that capacity and it's ready. Happy to take one more question, I think, operator.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean King with UBS.
Sean King: All right, thanks for getting me in here. One question I have is, what was the cadence of depletions from, I guess we heard in the US like a positive mid-single digits back into the back in April to the -4% for the quarter. Any insights, maybe you could provide on what you're seeing in July?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Sean. Look, I mean from a from a second quarter point of view most of decline would have been in the economy space, I mean if you look at our share. I think I said almost approaching 70% of our share loss is economy. It's a very choiceful decision that we've made. It doesn't mean that we don't think all segments matter because we do, we do believe we'll segments matter that we've chosen to ensure that we meet the demands of the largest segment of our consumers at this point in time. So, most of that decline would be driven by the choice we made around economy. As far as volume guidance into the second half, Sean, we don't do that as a matter of principle anymore and I know we used to do it in years past, but we're not going to give that now.
Sean King: All right. It was worth a shot, but I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Sean.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back to the speakers for any closing remarks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks very much, operator. Look I understand they were more questions that we weren't able to get to today given the time constraints. So, please if you could follow up with our Investor Relations team and we look forward to talking with many of you as the year progresses. So, thank you everybody for participating in today's call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, operator, and hello everyone. Following prepared remarks from Gavin and Tracey, we will take your questions. Please limit yourself to one question and if you have more than one question, please ask your most pressing question first and then reenter the queue to follow-up. If you have technical questions on the quarter, please pick them up with the IR team in the days, in the weeks that follow. And today's discussion includes forward-looking statements, actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release or otherwise available on our website. And also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the Company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. So with that, over to you Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Greg, and thank you all for joining us today. Let me start by stating the obvious. The first quarter was not the quarter we expected to have, that reality was driven by three events, cybersecurity incident that caused the global system outage, a freak winter storm in Texas, that forced utility companies to shutoff power to major businesses, including our Fort Worth Brewery and government pandemic restrictions that shutdown the entire on-premise channel in the UK and severely restricted much of the on-premise in Canada. To say that all of these events happened in a single quarter is unprecedented, would be an understatement. So while we can't control the weather, across the business, we executed well on what was in our control. That's true how we responded to each event. Our team quickly implemented contingency plans to boost production and get our core brands back to a stable inventory before Memorial Day. Right now, we are shipping over 1 million barrels a week in the United States for the first time in nearly a year. But most importantly, it's true of how we are executing on our revitalization plan. During the first quarter, Coors Light and Miller Lite outperformed the combination of Bud Light and Michelob Ultra in U.S. industry share performance versus the prior year according to IRR. Our U.S. above premium portfolio grew brand volumes versus the prior year and continue to gain industry share according to IRR, and we took substantial steps toward our hard seltzer ambition.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello everyone. Despite the challenges Gavin mentioned, we are proud of our operational agility and resilience as we are deeply managed through these challenges, while still continuing to execute our revitalization plan. Now let me take you through our quarterly results and provide an update on our outlook. Consolidated net sales revenue decreased 11.1% in constant currency, principally due to lower financial volumes, which declined 12% while brand volumes declined 9.1%. We delivered net pricing growth in North America and Europe as well as positive brand mix in the U.S. as we continue to premiumize our portfolio. However, this was more than offset by the on-premise restrictions due to the coronavirus pandemic and a corresponding negative channel mix as well as the unfavorable shipment timing in the U.S. related to the cybersecurity incident and the Texas winter storms. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 1.8% in constant currency as the net pricing growth more than offset the negative mix effects in Canada and Europe. Underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 5.6% on a constant currency basis, driven by cost inflation and volume deleverage partially offset by cost savings. Driving cost inflation was higher transportation costs due to the continued tightening of the freight market in North America as well as higher can sourcing costs as we continue to source additional aluminum cans from all over the world to address the significant off-premise demand for our core brands.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  Our first question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Vivien Azer: Hi. Thank you very much. Gavin, you called out the reopenings in the UK. It sounds like Ireland made some announcements in addition this morning about outdoor. That's certainly encouraging given how much exposure you have to the UK market. As we look at the comps, the shape of the year is clearly going to be lumpy. But in order to kind of probably get that business into growth considering the year-over-year compares on a full-year basis for COVID, do you need full indoor reopenings or do you think just outdoor, if outdoor can hold that enough to get you guys to positive volumes for the year? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Good morning, Vivien, and thank you. Yes, look, and as you rightly say the UK did open on April 12, I think it was for outdoor dining at pubs and restaurants. We've seen about 30% to 40% of the establishments reopen and our volume in those establishments in UK is up double digits in the sort of first few weeks of April, and I think the next step is on May 17, when indoors opens completely and then we have June 22, they will be fully open. So far just a few weeks into the business, it's actually been pretty positive, Vivien. Thanks. Sadie?
Operator: Yes. The next question is from Bill Kirk with MKM Partners.
William Kirk: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. I have a follow-up on Topo Chico Hard Seltzer. It seems that after the sell-in that the shelves have been a little slow to replenish. So I guess the question is, are you or contract partners having any difficulty keeping up with demand? And if so, how does that impact your decision on how geographically broad to offer the product?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Bill. Good morning. Yes, you're right. I mean, we had a spectacular launch of ZOA – it's not ZOA, sorry, it's Topo Chico and we got to almost a 20 share in Texas and we've got pretty close to 7 share of the overall seltzer market in its first week of performance. And as you rightly point out, we've had very strong reorders of Topo Chico. We're working with Coke to increase our supply of Topo Chico and I think it will be a little constrained as we meet the – I mean, the huge unexpected demand for that brand. But as the weeks progress, I think you'll see progressively those shelf spaces being full. I think it was the right decision for us to go to the limited number of markets that we did and we won't be expanding there, and so we're quite comfortable that we can meet the substantial demand that we've had in its existing markets.
William Kirk: Thanks, Gavin.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Laurent Grandet: Yes. So a quick one to start with about the Topo Chico phenomenon. Just a follow-up from this one, I'm not sure I understand how Coke can help here. I mean, is it because you don't have enough flavoring and nutrients kind of the concentrate or is Coke helping you in terms of signing capacity to manufacture it. I thought it was all manufacturers from the contract manufacturers. So help me understand here the role Coke is playing in fulfilling the capacity? And my second question is more for Tracey, it's what makes you believe that the Board would be willing to increase the dividend in second half and what other KPIs that they are now looking for and that we should pay attention to?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Laurent. Look, it was always our intention with Topo Chico that we would take over the relationship and supply chain, which Coca-Cola had established ahead of us, entering into our agreement with Coca-Cola. And so we work closely with Coca-Cola and the third-party contractors. I think we've said in the past that it's our intent to sort of keep that relationship at least until the end of the year. I mean, we certainly have enough seltzer capacity in our Fort Worth Brewery given the 400% increase that we made toward the end of last year. So that's the role Coke played, the original relationship was between Coke and the third-party and we just work closely with Coke and the third-party. Trace?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So – and hi, Laurent. So just in terms of our confidence around our guidance. So we did reaffirm the guidance as we said. The actions that we took in 2020 greatly improved our financial flexibility which better enabled us to execute against our capital allocation priorities including investing behind our brands and our business to grow topline and to grow our topline to pay down our debt and as we said we pay down $1.1 billion since March of 2020 And so the next lever is to return cash to our shareholders and as we see consistent with our Q4 2020 earnings coming, we do currently anticipate that our Board will be in a position to reinstate the dividend in the second half of the year, and we are having those discussions with them as to when and how we will reinstate that dividend.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Laurent.
Laurent Grandet: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. So I just wanted to follow-up on, first on the MG&A, the ability to control and you had an impressive reduction and the leverage to pull for the end of the year to keep your our FX-neutral EBITDA flat. So wonder if how long and how many leverage you can pull in order to fund the additional marketing spend, and you nevertheless have continued the reduction in this is going to be everything else, I'm assuming T&E and all the other synergies that you have been pulling. So if you can help us kind of bridge that gap. I guess, that question is for Tracey. And then also on a follow-up for the dividend, is that the way we should be thinking is that as you go into the second quarter and you basically you go for this plan, you're waiting, the Board is waiting to see if you don't need to revise anything by the second quarter now that you reinstate the dividend. Is that the way we should be thinking here?
Gavin Hattersley: I'll tell you what, Andrea. I'll take the marketing side of your equation and Tracey, if you can handle the G&A and the dividend side of Andrea's question.
Andrea Teixeira: Thanks, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Our revitalization plan, one of its core tenets was that we were going to spend more money behind our core brands, behind our above premium brands and also to extend beyond the beer with above-premium. In the first quarter, we actually did increase our spend behind our innovations and we also increased the spend behind media on our core brands. In fact, we didn't make any adjustments to our marketing plan in Q1 as a result of the cyber security incident or the Texas storm, we spent what we were planning to spend, particularly behind, as I said, our core brands and our innovations. We didn't plan to spend a lot of money in Europe because of the on-premise closures and we certainly didn't spend any money as Tracey said in her opening remarks on live sports or live concerts in the USA or Canada because they weren't in. We do expect a substantial increase in marketing, particularly in Q2 returning pretty close to the 2019 levels as we fuel the tremendous momentum that we've got behind brands like Vizzy, Topo Chico and our core brands Miller Lite and Coors Light and obviously as Europe starts to reopen, we'll be increasing our marketing spend in Europe in Q2 and beyond as well. Tracey, you want to take G&A and the dividend?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So Andrea from a G&A point of view, obviously, the odd things like T&E that we're just not spending behind with the restrictions in travel and other targeted cost savings for example, in the UK the on-premise was locked down for the entire quarter. There were obviously savings related to that as well from the G&A point of view. I also want to remind you that we do had the cost savings program that we announced last year, $600 million over three years. In 2020, we achieved $270 million of that $600 million and we expect to achieve in sort of roughly in equal portions the balance in 2021 and 2022. And so there is the cost savings, which we are continuing to track very well against. That will provide some relief and enable us to carry on it with our revitalization plan and invest behind our brands to grow the topline. As it relates to the Board, and as I said we are having conversations with the Board. We are assessing exactly when and how and or we will be recommending to the Board to reinstate the dividend. So I can't say much more than that, but more to come.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. I will pass it on.
Operator: The next question is from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Christopher Carey: Hi, everyone. I guess I'm just trying to understand a little bit how this year is going to play out, just given what you have kind of mentioned, which I think basically is shipments will exceed depletions but not until the back half of the year. So that's really where the inventory replenishment start to Q2, more in line with consumptions and maybe not getting back all the volume that you lost during the incidents in Q1 in the quarter – in Q2 that is. And then you have expectations for marketing spending, to use MG&A as a proxy in Q2 being up year-over-year and sort of in line with 2019 levels or a little bit below, I think that's what I heard. And I guess if I'm putting all that together, I mean you could see something like the MG&A of 500 basis points in North America for example, and EBITDA implied up kind of double-digits in the back half of the year to get to flat EBITDA, and I know I'm putting a lot of numbers out there, but the general concept here is that Q2, a slow recovery, you have significantly accelerated spend. What happens if the recovery is a little bit slower? Do you pull back on that? And then just confirming this dynamic that it seems like to get to a flat EBITDA, it's really about just delivery in the back half of the year. Apologies for more of a financial question, but if that kind of makes sense, I appreciate any perspective on that? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Chris. Okay, there is a lot in that question, right? So I mean, obviously, we're not going to give quarterly guidance, the numbers. The guidance that Tracey has given you for the full year and we will let that stand on by themselves. From a recovery point of view, we pretty quickly put a plan in place with prioritizing our core brands of Coors Light, Miller Lite, Coors Banquet, Blue Moon, Miller High Life, Keystone Light and Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy. So that's our primary focus at the moment. We have discontinued or de-prioritized slower moving brands and packs. Most of that is in the economy space, but also some cider. Now, the plan is designed to make sure that we recover our core brands and to be in a much better place by Memorial Day and ultimately for Europe. The seltzers in the innovation supply, frankly, it wasn't affected by the cybersecurity incident at all. Can supplies returned back to normal, using 12-ounce bottles in pints kegs at full capacity. So I guess to try and get a little bit closer to your question, obviously with us really only focusing on the core brands that will imply that the slower moving and some of the de-prioritized brands will only really be picked up in the second half of the year from a volume perspective. From a marketing spend perspective, we've got a lot of momentum behind some really exciting innovations which have landed well and we'll be fueling those, and Coors Light and Miller Lite's performance, as I said in my opening remarks is strong, and campaigns are working and we'll be putting the necessary firepower behind those two brands. Do you want to add anything Trace?
Tracey Joubert: No, I think. You covered it. That was good.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Chris.
Christopher Carey: Thanks for the perspective. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Stephen Powers: Yes, thank you. And I guess, can we maybe hone in on the impacts of the February storms and the cybersecurity event in a bit more detail. And just how you size those impacts in the first quarter. In the final analysis, what amount of those impacts represent effectively lost sales versus volume you expect to recoup over the balance of the year as you just described in your response to Chris's question? Just to understand that dynamic in a bit more detail would be great. And maybe as part of that, if you could just characterize how thin U.S. channel inventories were exiting March relative to consumer demand run rates, and just – what we're really trying to figure out is what the catch-up is now that I presume you're shipping to full capacity as we sit here end of April? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Steve. Let me see. So towards the end of March, we did file an 8-K which laid out what we thought were going to be the impacts of the cybersecurity attack. If memory serves me correctly, we said 1.8 million to 2 million hectoliters and a shift of EBITDA of about $120 million to $140 million. Now, I would tell you that the recovery plan our supply chain teams just did a tremendous job in those, in sort of back end of March. So I would say, by the end of March, we were a couple of hundred thousand barrels ahead of where we were expecting to be. So I think you can assume that the impact was a little bit less than what we said in our 8-K. And as we sit here today, I think it's April 29, we continue to meet the recovery plan, and in fact exceeded a little bit. So I think our breweries are well on track with that recovery plan. And we have seen sequential improvement in our core brands inventory, but we're not where we want to be just yet. We expect to be much closer to where we want to be with those brands by Memorial Day, and then fully recovered on core brands towards – in the sort of back-end of the second quarter, and then we can focus in on those brands that we have paused beyond that. I think that's not as far as I may go on the impacts, Steve.
Stephen Powers: Okay, fair enough. Was there – just maybe just on the February storms, was there a material net impact there or is that more of a delay intra-quarter and that the real kind of carryover effect with the cybersecurity event?
Gavin Hattersley: Texas is good, because the Texas brewery was closed for almost 11-day, government had shut the power down on us and it obviously has knock on impacts, because there are some of our input material suppliers in Texas as well. So it did have an impact to further up in Eastern seaboard as well. So I would say, certainly it did impact and was part of the 1.8 to 2 million hectoliters, which we announced. The lion's share was obviously the cybersecurity incident, but the Fort Worth shutdown was not immaterial.
Stephen Powers: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Great, thanks. Hello, everyone. Gavin, a few related questions if I could on the market share progress that you called out on Coors Light and of course this has been a priority for the company. So three related questions, if I could. One, if you could just spend a moment talking about the strategic shifts around marketing and positioning of the brand given some of the pressures in the light beer segment? Two, what your growth expectations are for light beer broadly sort of coming out of the pandemic here? And then lastly, just how you think about maximizing incrementality to the overall portfolio if you lean in on a multi-brand seltzer strategy given that light beers have been a source of demand for seltzer, so your comments there would be helpful? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin. A lot going on there. Let me try and then maybe try and knock them off. So I'll start with your final point right which is actually more than half of the seltzer growth is actually coming from outside of the beer category. We've tested that number multiple times over the last year and it's pretty consistent. So obviously premium lights are losing supplement to seltzers, but it certainly is coming from other places, including craft and ironically economy, less so actually premium lights, which may surprise you, but it's what the data says. We have seen continued positive trends for Coors Light and Miller Lite over the past quarter and that's trailing with a strong performance that we had in 2020 and the focus on replacing on the health of our core brands is paying off, and specifically our ambitions to connect with new drinkers and giving them a real reason to reach for Miller Lite and Coors Light and it's kind of breakthrough that big beer advertising clutter with fresh creative approaches and we're seeing the benefits of it. For example, in Coors Light we're up significantly increased key brands and health metrics that consideration and that household penetration, positive impressions among 21 years to 34 year olds which is a key target market for us. And so far in 2021, Miller Lite have seen an increase in both consideration and positive impression and I can go on in quite some more detail on how the Coors Light campaign has turned the corner since the 2019 launch of two major chillers, brands growing segment share in premium lights, every quarter since we had that launched, we've cut our share loss in the total category by more than 70%, I think it was. Coors Light's continuing to establish itself as the brand consumers buy when they are ready to chill, so the campaign and for Coors Light is resonating strongly with our core market, but also our growth targets for example the Latino drinkers. So our revitalization strategy required us to invest behind our core brands, and we're doing exactly that and we are seeing the benefits of it. From a share point of view, I think I gave you some of the stats in our opening remarks, I don't know if I mentioned that above premium also gaining industry share. Blue Moon LightSky is doing particularly well and I haven't talked much about Vizzy, but we think we've got a real winner with Vizzy, it's achieved almost a 3% share in 2020 with only one skew and that skew moved faster in Q1 than all Bud Light Seltzer variety packs put together, we're expanding our footprint with new packs. We've got a second variety pack and the lemonade pack and we've got a third new variety launching in summer. Our variety pack number two is already turning faster than our variety pack number one, and here Vizzy Lemonade is the second fastest turning lemonade seltzer in the market. Vizzy actually had a record sales week last week. So you gave me a lot of questions, I'll try to give you lot of answers and give you a little bit of color, I hope that helps. Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: No, Gavin that's fantastic. So congrats on the quarter and then good luck here.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Bryan Spillane from BofA. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks operator. Good morning, everyone. Gavin, I had a question about on-premise in North America. And I guess, more specifically the U.S. as on-premise reopens, how different do you think it might look going forward given seltzer is a much bigger portion of the category and growing today some accounts may be looking for ways to have reduced touches, kind of on a sanitizing type thought or just thinking about sanitation. So I guess, I just kind of think that could on-premise potentially look different in the future than it did pre-COVID? And if so does that create any opportunities for Molson Coors to gain some share in on-premise?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. I think the answer to both of your questions Bryan is yes. During the pandemic, we certainly saw an increased demand for large trusted brands and that's particularly true in the on-premises as your question is directed at. We also saw in the off-premise, but it's particularly true in the on-premise where on-premise owners are sticking to fewer, faster moving brands, and that obviously benefits brands like Miller Lite and Coors Light and it also helps us from a Blue Moon point of view as well. I mean it's – Blue Moon is the largest craft brand as you know and it's disproportionately focused on the on-premise. So the reopening of the on-premise and the move to large trusted brands is helping us particularly with Miller Lite, Coors Light and Blue Moon and we've seen a tick up a couple of points in our share in the on-premise as the on-premises reopened. You referenced seltzers on-premise and certainly in packaged form I think that is absolutely right. I mean we're in – we've actually had triple-digit growth in our placements this year and retailers are reaching out to us asking for Topo Chico as quickly as possible, given it's spectacular launch and the demand that's been created by that and distribution of seltzers and velocity for us in the on-premise is actually increasing and it's going to give us a real opportunity to do large scale, sounding opportunities, particularly through our alliances because we know we've got great tasting products when we get consumers to try them, they're sold and that also applies to innovations like Blue Moon LightSky. We are launching to drive seltzers on a regional basis through our cross companies and we'll see how that plays out, but certainly we're seeing a big uptick in demand for our seltzer packaged brands in the on-premise. I hope I got all of that, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Yes. No, that's great. It's helpful perspective. Thanks. Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Firstly, just a quick follow-up and then the main question. So just wondering kind of where you are in terms of the current run rate in the U.S. on STRs, there are kind of running down low-double digit in the scanner data, but obviously on-premise is offsetting that. So just trying to get a sense of where the business actually is, that would be helpful. And then my main question really is on the hard seltzers Gavin, it sounds like you're doing better than expected with Topo Chico, better than expected with Vizzy, do you have maybe increased confidence that you'll get to that double-digit share of the category by the end of the year? And then you also referenced some work that you're doing on the international side with hard seltzers, how do you see those European markets developing for hard seltzers, do you think there is a chance that can be as big as it is in the U.S. or is it very different given a different consumer? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Rob. Okay. Let me take the first question first. Look, as you know, we don't normally give these updates anymore, but I think given the cybersecurity incident, I'll make an exception and give you some flavor for how April's going. You referenced scanner data. I mean obviously that needs context, right? I mean the four week data, scanner data is including at massive loading that we had in the off-premise from March of last year and so it doesn't take into account any shift into the on-premise. Over the last four weeks, our sales to retailers in the United States are up mid single-digits, Rob. So quite different to what you're seeing in the scanner data. We're shipping over one million barrels a week in the USA as I said in my prepared remarks. The UK volumes have double-digits and despite that, as I said 30% to 40% of on-premise being open and only for outdoor dining. Your second question around seltzers, heading towards our goal of double-digits or 10% by the end of the year. I mean you're right. I mean we had a spectacular launch of Topo Chico in very limited markets in which it's in only in 16 markets. So I think we've got a clear winner here and we will continue to feel the potential of this brand, and based on the reaction in those 16 markets, I think it's got strong national potential and we will look to roll that out to future markets when we are confident that we can meet the unexpectedly very high demand that we had in its roll out markets. And you're right on Vizzy. I think we believe we have a real winner with Vizzy. I won't repeat the stats I just gave. I think it was to Bryan or Kevin, but I think particularly exciting for us is the fact that Vizzy Lemonade is the second fastest turning lemonade seltzer, and as I said, we had a record sales week for Vizzy last year. We're pleased with the performance. We have singular SKU last year. We only launched in April and we had inventory challenges. While we're meeting all the demand for Vizzy now that we've got the capacity up and running in our Fort Worth brewery. That means that we are more confident to get to our 10% target. We certainly think we've got the brands in the seltzer space to do that and now we need to execute. I think the early data in the European market suggests that seltzer is going to be good. I'm not sure yet that I'm ready to tell you that it's going to be as good as it is in the United States. We don't have any data to support that, but certainly Three Fold has landed well in the United Kingdom and Wai is already in a couple of markets in Central Eastern Europe, and we'll be rolling it out more fully towards the – in this month. So I hope that helps, Rob.
Robert Ottenstein: Great, thank you, Gavin.
Operator: The next question is from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Hello, everyone. I just wanted to quickly circle back to the cost pressures you're facing this year. I know you guys touched on this, but maybe you could just give us a little more color on how you expect this will evolve through the balance of the year? And really what are some of the key levers that you have to mitigate some of these pressures, maybe touch on a little bit further on any kind of hedging you have in place? And then I'd love to hear how you're thinking about pricing as a potential lever to offset some of these cost pressures? Thanks.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Bonnie, so I'll take the cost questions. So our underlying COGS in the quarter increased 5.6% and 470 basis points of that was inflation with just – and a half of that related to the transportation. So as I think everyone knows the freight market is really tight. We spoke about that in Q4 and we said we expected to continue to be advancing in Q1. This starts showing improvements in January and the beginning of February, but the net change with all the winter storms and that caused major disruptions to the entire transportation networks. So we expect to continue to see that happening in the freight market. And then as it relates to us, sourcing cans from four continents has also actually added to that inflation. And in terms of levers to mitigate that, I did mention our cost savings program, so we did have a $270 million of the $600 million in 2020. We expect to deliver the balance of that in 2021 and 2022 roughly in equal portions, and we are doing – so far we are tracking well to achieve those savings. And the majority of those cost savings are focused on COGS. So in addition to the cost savings program, as you mentioned, we have really robust hedging program. We hedge all our commodities, we can, I don't want to get into the detail of how we hedge, but our hedging programs are robust, and that will help to mitigate some of the inflationary pressure that we are seeing.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Trace. And many thanks Trace. On the revenue side, Bonnie, look in terms of pricing, we don't give forward pricing guidance. Rather than using pricing to offset higher COGS, we've got hedging programs in place which Tracey mentioned and we have the cost savings programs in place as well. And I don't know, Trace, did you mentioned the fact that our guidance does actually include any new in cost pressures, which we may have. We factored that into the guidance which Tracey gave earlier on. Thanks, Bonnie.
Bonnie Herzog: Thank you. Helpful.
Operator: The next question is from Sean King with UBS. Please go ahead.
Sean King: Thanks for the question. A broader question about distributor receptivity, is this going to be beyond beer move that you're making, like how has that impacted your relationships with distributors? And then second question on top of that would just be any update you can provide on progress with the Yuengling JV?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Sean. Yes look, my excitement on ZOA got ahead of me when I was answering a Topo Chico question earlier on, and ZOA has been extraordinarily well received by retailers and by distributors alike, and we've got a very strong partner in Dwayne Johnson. He is not just a celebrity partnership, he is actually an owner of the business together with us, and frankly, every time he puts something out on Instagram, he reaches 231 million followers in a nanosecond. The true test of how innovation lands, is what are the distributors order. I mean, we just had our order window for the very first order closed, I think it was either last night or the night before, and the orders are strong and that tells you how the distributors feel about it. The retailers are particularly excited about it as well. So we're just getting into the market with it now. So I don't want to get ahead of myself, but where it has been in the market with some of the vitamin stores and GnC and online and it's been – the results are tremendous. So short story, very excited about ZOA from a retailer and a supplier and consumer point of view. La Colombe, we've already hit our distribution targets. We had distribution target with our partner La Colombe that was set for the full year and we are in April and we've hit them. So, and that is an illustration of how distributors have executed in C stores and the drug chain. So short answer is very good, Sean. From a Yuengling point of view, tremendous amount of work has gone into getting that going to launch in the fall of this year in Texas. They've made tremendous progress with the joint venture hiring and for setting up the distributor relationships, awarding the brand to the various distributors in Texas and gaining commitments, talking to the chain. So I would say we are exactly where we thought we'd be with the Yuengling joint venture.
Sean King: Great. Thank you very much. All the best.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Sean.
Operator: The next question is from Kaumil Gajrawala with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hi, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. A question on seltzers and guidance perhaps together and then seltzers and profitability. In your guide for mid single-digits for the full year, what are you incorporating for the contribution for seltzer, sort of lot of positive comments, but how big do you expect it to be? Is it big enough, is it a point of the five points. Is it three? If you could maybe just give some context on how you're thinking about it there and how should we think about profits and the impact on profits from many of these products as you mentioned ZOA, obviously, there is more than one owner, there was Topo Chico, and you’re on with Coke and rolling it out. Can you just maybe give us a context on maybe if revenue contribution looks different from the profit contribution? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Look Kaumil, I'm not going to break down the sort of brand contribution to our NSR. I'll give you two points though. One, is that our seltzers and almost all the value innovation operates in the above premium space and some in the super premium space and some of our innovation actually operates even above the super premium space. There's a lot of profit to go around for both ourselves, for our suppliers, for distributors and for retail. These are all above premium brands and they're all going to contribute to the bottom line over time. So as far as contribution to NSR is concerned, I mean essentially we had one brand in the market for eight months of the year last year with Vizzy and I think we exited the last – exited the year close to a full share of seltzers and we are closer to seven share now than we were at a four share. We've got the plans, we've got the marketing muscle to put behind our seltzers for the balance of the year. I'm not going to be repetitive, and hold you on all the excitement around Vizzy end, both with Topo Chico. Proof Point's just launched into the market, so that these brands are coming off a very low base from a contribution point of view in 2020 to our business and so we would expect them to be a much more meaningful contribution to our business in 2021. I hope that's helpful Kaumil.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Hi sorry. I'll keep it tight. My question was just on cybersecurity and just thinking about go-forward costs, investments you might need to make to kind of shore up your system, I know the company has been through several years of very, very tight times. And so just thinking about the degree to which maybe there has been some under-investment and there is a need to kind of catch-up and the degree to which that's kind of already factored into this year or next year, the thought process on spend. Thanks.
Tracey Joubert: Just in terms of, when you talk of the cyber incident. In Q1, as we said in our earnings release, we did incur a net expense of $2 million as it related to various consultants and experts that helped us and are helping us with the investigation. I just don't want to talk too much about it because it is an open investigation around the incident, but just in terms of investments, we have spend significant amount of CapEx upgrading our systems in North America and we spoken about U.S. for a number of years our PP&E systems and at this stage, we are also upgrading our system support, Canada we will be actually taking the Canadian systems and putting it on to our U.S. systems. So more than that, Lauren, I really don't want to give, because it is an open investigation. Just in terms of Q2, though as it relates specifically to the incidents, we do anticipate some through the minimal really immaterial costs as we could have put it to-date.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. That's great. Thanks so much.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Gavin Hattersley for any closing remarks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Debbie. And thanks everybody for participating in our call. There may be additional technical questions, which you have and please feel free to follow-up with our Investor Relations team and we look forward to talking with many of you as the year progresses. So with that, thanks everybody for participating in today's call and have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website. Our speakers for today's call are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer.  With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations. Mr. Tierney, Please go ahead.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, operator and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks from Gavin and Tracey, we'll take your questions. Please limit yourself to one question and if you have more than one question, please ask your most pressing question first and then re-enter the queue to follow up. If you have technical questions on the quarter, please pick them up with our IR team in the days and the weeks to follow. Today's discussions include forward-looking statements and actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecasts. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements. GAAP reconciliations for any non-US GAAP measures are included in our news release or otherwise available on our website. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the Company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period and in US dollars. And with that, over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Greg and thank you all for joining us today. 2020 was an incredibly challenging year for everyone, Molson Coors included. But in many respects that consider us lacking. The revitalization plan we put in place in October of 2019 positioned our Company well to weather the storms of 2020. Our business was leaner and more nimble, which put us in a better position to conserve resources as the circumstances dictated. And we deployed them effectively at the circumstances a lot, and the results bear that out. When you consider what we set out to do on our revitalization plan, we accomplished an incredible amount in 2020 and that has given us a tremendous springboard for 2021. Our two largest brands, Coors Light and Miller Lite grew 6.1% and 8.6% in the US off-premise respectively. Our above premium brands in the US reached a record high percentage of the portfolio in the second half of 2020. Beyond beer, our first foray into non-alcoholic cannabis beverages through the Trust joint venture has the number 1 dollar share spot in the entire Canadian cannabis beverage market. We increased our production capacity for our fast growing seltzers by approximately 400%. And we approximately doubled our annual investments in our hometown communities. That is the story of Molson Coors in 2020. Now you may be wondering why I have such confidence, especially if you only look at our consolidated top line results in the fourth quarter. But that number alone does not tell the full story. And if you only look at that piece of data, you've missed it. Our top line results in the fourth quarter were overwhelmingly due to losses resulting from government restrictions in the European on-premise channel.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin and hello, everyone. The coronavirus pandemic had a significant impact on our 2020 financial performance primarily due to the on-premise restrictions and lockdown. Our Europe business was the most impacted, particularly in the UK. There are business skews heavily towards the on-premise and drove revenue and EBITDA declines in both the fourth quarter and for the full year 2020. In fact, Europe which accounted for only 16% of our revenue in 2020 contributed to 61% of revenue decline, and 83% of our EBITDA decline for the year, and 92% of the revenue decline and 56% of our EBITDA decline for the fourth quarter. Despite these incredible challenges in 2020, we are proud of our resilience and the financial performance as we have navigated through this unprecedented times. Now, let me take you through our full year performance and then I'll touch on our quarterly results, before moving on to our outlook. Recapping the year, consolidated net sales revenue decreased 8.7% in constant currency of which North America was down 4.3% while Europe was down 28.4% on a constant currency basis. While we delivered net pricing growth in North America and Europe as well as positive brand and packaged mix in the US. This is more than offset by volume declines and unfavorable channel mix principally driven by varying degrees of on-premise restrictions throughout much of the year due to the coronavirus pandemic, which also drove packaging material constraints due to the unprecedented can demand.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  The first question today comes from Andrea Teixeira with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Kojo Achiampong: Hey, good morning guys. It's actually Kojo, on for Andrea.
Gavin Hattersley: All right.
Kojo Achiampong: Hey, how are you? Just at a high level, we're just wondering if you could provide a little bit of color on how  quarter to-date in both North America and Europe?
Gavin Hattersley: Look, we don't provide guidance in months' depletions -- lots of ups and downs. But from a European point of view, as Tracey said in our opening remarks, the on-premise remains in lockdown and so we expect the first quarter volumes in Europe and particularly in the United Kingdom to be challenged. From a U.S. point of view, the lockdowns remain although it does vary from state to states and we do see a listening  of on-premise restrictions, both in North America and in Europe as we progress into Q2 and further on into the year. From a supplier point of view, just reiterate my comments in the script that our Coors Light can suppliers much improved. Our inventory levels are actually higher than they were at the same time last year. They were well-positioned to take advantage of the brand health strength of Coors Light. Next question?
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. I want to spend some time on Europe, just given the impact in the quarter. So obviously, pretty challenging both from a revenue and profitability perspective, understanding of the impairment charge is non-cash, it naturally signals a less confident outlook and ability to return to levels of profitability perhaps you've previously thought at least within a reasonable amount of time when you're doing the discounted cash flow model. So Gavin, it would be good to get your updated views on your outlook for this business, strategic fit within the portfolio and how you're thinking about the cost structure given this less-constructive outlook? And then, Tracey, for you relatedly not to get too much in the weeds with this, but I'm just trying to understand the margins in the quarter. So, the topline pressure in the second quarter was worse than the fourth, but the margin performance was clearly a lot more pressure. The detrimental margins in the second quarter about 25%, closer to 60% in the fourth quarter. It just seems like there is a better ability to sort of flex down MG&A in the second quarter than there was in the fourth. I think it will be useful for folks if you can maybe spend a little bit time on that. So, thank you, both. I'll pass it on.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin. I'll talk about Europe and performance specifically. Look the on-premise restrictions in Q4 were fairly draconian. There was somewhat of a scattergun approach across Europe, which we spend a little harder for us to plan and react to, particularly on the cost line. When you compare Q4 versus Q2, the impact for Q4 was particularly pronounced because December has historically been a very strong month for the on-premise in the UK, given the holidays and of course you can't be outdoors that much comfortably in in the fourth quarter as much as you can than in the second quarter. It's also a seasonally lower-trading period in Central and Eastern Europe. So, we saw some of the declines in the second and fourth quarters from a volume perspective. But the on-premise restrictions in the second quarter were more uniform. So, it made it easier for us to plan. Certainly the lockdowns as I said earlier, it have continued into the first quarter. We did make some conscious decisions in Q4 -- Kevin seen this  -- behind our core brands, not only in the United States, but also in Europe and in particular in Central Europe. We've got some strong brand and we wanted to make sure we position ourselves for sustainable recovery in 2021. So that explains why the MG&A in Europe was a little higher than you than you might have been expecting. We were investing behind our brands. What else is the question?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Kevin did ask about the strategic outlook.
Gavin Hattersley: Oh, okay. Kevin, our top priority as a company as a whole is to make sure that we emerge strong coming out of the pandemic when the on-premise returns to more normalized levels. And this includes Europe, which we continue to view as a strategic asset.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks. Got it.
Tracey Joubert: And then if I can just jump in on the margins. Yes, in Europe in Q4, we focused our marketing investment on specific brands and markets where we had capacity and we needed to ensure that we were competitive in context of share of voice and brand health metrics. And third, the investment that we made in Q4 in Europe, which is support the ongoing performance of our national champion brands and our premiumization and they also just -- if we root back in comparatively much larger spins  in Q4 of 2019 in Central Europe. That would account for some of the margin differences.
Kevin Grundy: Okay, thank you very much. A bunch of questions, but I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hi. Good afternoon, everybody. Can you talk a bit about your expectations for the on-premise for 2021 as it relates to what you've incorporated into your into your guidance and what sort of -- specifically to the U.S., at what rate do you expect it to recover? How much does that contribute to your numbers? And then if you could also maybe help us with mechanically what that means for your business, I believe your shares are higher off-premise, we kind of know that over the course of 2020, large pack sizes took a larger degree of share from -- while the rest of what was being sold at food retail and then obviously will look very different when we get to an on-premise and more normalized on-premise environment. Are you a net share beneficiary as the on-premise trends back on? Does it work the opposite direction? If you could help us with some details there that would be helpful. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kaumil. Yes, let me try and give you some context. Obviously, the reality is the situation remains fluid by market. In the third quarter of last year, we did see some on-premise reopenings pretty much across the board in the countries in which we operated and during the fourth quarter, we saw it return to much more severe on-premise restrictions as most countries went back into strict lockdowns and there was no benefit of outdoor dining given the climate. In terms of our major markets in the UK, the government operated a tiered system of restrictions in October, then they followed that up with a national lockdown in November and returned to a tiered system in December, but pretty much the UK is locked down as we speak. In North America, Canada was particularly maybe impacted more than the U.S. from a lockdown point of view. It was a stricter lockdown and then we really did see varied pictures across the United States, depending on which state. So from an on-premise performance point of view in the United States, it's been fairly stable for a while now. There's no big spike up or down. In terms of market share, we think that the consumer moving to big and trusted brands will benefit us in all the markets in which we operate and where we have seen reopenings, we've seen that play through from a market share point of view. So, I think we will be net beneficiaries when that takes place. Obviously in our above premium portfolio, we were very pleased with our performance in above premium in the fourth quarter and that's in the face of Blue Moon and Peroni which is strong on-premise. Their brands being obviously challenged because of the lack of on-premise and we expect that when the on-premise comes back more fully, that those 2 brands will be big beneficiaries of it. If you look at the UK, which is the market, which has the largest on-premise exposure, we've demonstrated a sustained track record of growing our share in the on-premise even in the UK. For at least five years pre-pandemic, we've grown our share in the on-premise as we've driven to be the first choice for our customers. In fact, we just learned this week that we were number one again with our customers in the Net Promoter Score survey across the trade in 2020. So, we've got contracts to supply many of our competitors in both the retail and wholesale models. Our customers value the service that we bring through our own brands and also our wholesale brands. So, we believe we're well-positioned to gain share in the UK market when it reopens. I think I got all your questions there, Kaumil.
Kaumil Gajrawala: You did and it was probably unfair. It was a lot of questions in one. So, I guess just to follow up on the portfolio and maybe your best guess -- you've announced a series of deals over the last number of months -- can you give a best guess of what your portfolio breakdown is likely to look like by the end of the year? Is it still likely to be about two-thirds Premium Lights followed by high-end and -- I don't know how much non-alcohol would be as part of it, but maybe just give some idea of if we put all of these deals together, how your portfolio may look different as we move forward with the rollouts of these products in the next 12 month?
Gavin Hattersley: Let me try and give you some color there, Kaumil. Obviously, we've been very clear about the objective in our revitalization plan of driving our above premium portfolio and our beyond beer portfolio. Almost all of the deals we've done come into  above premium margins. So that was two of the five focus areas in our revitalization plan that we announced in October of 2019. And we're going to continue building on that. You could see the results of that in both the third quarter and the fourth quarter with a positive mix which we generated. We generated another quarter above 200 basis points of positive mix, which is continuing to reflect on growth and performance in above premium. For Nielsen, we actually grew share of above premium despite the on-premise challenges which brands like Blue Moon and Peroni have experienced. We obviously put out the ambition of getting to a billion dollars revenue for our Emerging Growth division, which is going to require that many of our partnerships that we've just announced like  and so on are successful. They're coming off of a standing start of zero because we didn't have them before. I'd also point you to the fact that we actually grew the topline in the very market with concerns have been expressed about our ability to execute. We grew the topline in the fourth quarter despite all these deals that we've done, the challenges that we faced. We're going to build on that in 2021. There is a lot of excitement from retail and from our distributors with the deals that we've done -- particularly brands like Zoa and Topo Chico. A lot of excitement and that will continue to improve our above premium mix. I hope that's helpful.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sean King with UBS. Please go ahead.
Sean King: Hi, good afternoon. I guess my question is would hard seltzer becoming a larger portion of the mix and I guess the growth story going forward. Can you discuss, I guess the gross margin profile of that business for you and how that could change over time?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. The hard seltzer has been a very strong growth category. We believe that's going to continue in 2021 and we are excited about our opportunity for hard seltzerrs. We think we've got one of the strongest portfolios of hard seltzers with each brand having a very unique perspective on the category. So, by the time that we have all four of our hard seltzers in markets this year. We think it's differentiated, provides differentiated offering for our consumers and I think we will place. Seltzers do operate at the upper end of the above premium price points and therefore operate at the sort of upper-end of our margin structure. We don't give it up publicly specifically, but you can be assured that it's high.
Sean King: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Christopher Carey: Hi, good morning. I guess just conceptually, trying to understand how you think about the off-premise channel in 2020? Certainly there was more strength there as there was a channel shift, but I guess I'm also hearing that it sounds like you think there is some sustainability to the growth that you've seen there and certainly, you're going to be investing behind that. I guess underlying the question is, I'm trying to understand what you think might be sustainable coming out of this year and certainly in 2021 if the recovery the on-premise is a bit slower than what might happen. Just trying to understand sensitivities around what's needed to record in the off-premise in order to get you this topline growth algorithm? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Should we believe that there will be some sustainability to the off-premise demand? I think consumers have learned new behaviors and new occasions have been created. So, I think there will be some sustainability, but honestly, we don't believe that it's going to continue to grow at the same level, but there certainly will be sustainability to the underlying trend. There is a very large pent-up demand for on-premise from consumers and so I think when the on-premise is more readily open, I think you'll see a strong pent-up demand from consumers. The other behavioral change which we obviously experienced in 2020 is the growth of e-commerce sales. There are many consumers of alcoholic beverages, they didn't, well, as you could buy beer online and they do now and we've seen 230% increase in our online sales and I think that trend will stay and that's why we're making investments in our e-commerce capabilities.
Operator: The next question comes from Bonnie Herzog with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Bonnie Herzog : Thank you. Hi, everyone. I guess I'd like to hear a little bit more color on how you're thinking about balancing your investment between your recent innovations and some of the launches with marketing to support behind your core brands. I guess what I'm still may be struggling with is how you plan to stabilize or maybe even improve your core business, it's a lot of your stepped up investment spend and attention is going to be focus behind all these new initiatives and then Gavin, maybe you could help frame for us some of your targets ambitions for your core business, similar to how you're framing the opportunities in some of the goals you put out there for these new and exciting brands and partnerships. I think that would be helpful. Thank you. 
Gavin Hattersley : Thanks Bonnie. Look, I mean our revitalization plan, which we announced in October 2019 required us to do both. And that's our plan, and it remains our plan investing behind our core brands and investing behind above portfolio is the plan. Tracey mentioned in the guidance approximately flat EBITDA and that's really the revitalization planning coming to life within our big investments behind both Miller Lite and Coors Lite which will see more spend this year, we will put more spend behind our above premium portfolio with Blue Moon Light Sky and Blue Moon. We will put more money behind seltzers. We will have full seltzers in market this year, we only had two one was launched in April, the other one was launched in September this year, we're going to have full as we strive to get to the 10% market share and we're going to be investing behind our new ventures like  and also our Yingli  joint venture. In terms of actual performance Bonnie, Coors Light and Miller Lite have performed really well in spite of the headwinds, which they've got. We've made numerous pivots from a marketing point of view to meet the changed circumstances and where necessary we put marketing money behind it in the four quarter four example. From a media perspective, we shifted our media to two places like social, gaming, podcasts, online video and so and from a creative point of view, new credit, which has resonated with consumers. We've actually created 40 pieces of new  since March. A lot of that has been behind Miller Lite and Coors Lite. I mean, just some examples of that would be our say well workload out party for Miller Lite and then our campaign to get some floors into the Pro Football Hall of Fame with Coors Light and you can see the benefits of that for both of those brands. I mean Coors Light drove significant share growth in the first half of the year, it did slowdown in the third quarter because of the inventory supply constraints which we had, which we are now through because our inventory is higher than it was the same time last year for Coors Lite.  And in December, we saw the best industry share trend we've seen in years outside of the pantry loading for March for Coors Lite. So it's the made to chill campaign platform is working and we're excited about it and Miller Lite shape trends have been strong. Now we obviously as I said in my opening remarks, we're not satisfied with the performance until and we intend to put more money behind it. So that's a very long-winded way of saying you know it's both. It's not either or we are not sacrificing one for the other, we believe that we can do more than one thing at one time, and we believe that we've demonstrated it because the market where we've had the most concerned about our execution capabilities, the US and we've grown our top line. We grew our margin, strong pricing, strong brand mix. This is the revitalization plan of action. It's not a series of one-offs. It's the part of the single strategy and that's the revitalization plan, which is specifically aimed to drive top line growth and we believe we will do that in 2021.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay, thank you so much for all that. It was helpful. I appreciate it. 
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Rob Ottenstein: Great, thank you very much. You have and obviously a lot of tremendous initiatives that you have for 2021 and clearly you're very optimistic in terms of the firm's trajectory. However, obviously there is a bit of disconnect in terms of how the public markets are viewing your outlook and prospects. Just wondering what your thoughts are in terms of share buybacks at some point. I know you talked about very significant deleveraging, bringing the dividend back. How does the potential for share buybacks play into this as this disconnect continues and also maybe Tracey remind us about your cash tax rate, which I believe remains very advantaged kind of roughly what that level was and how long it stays at that depressed or lower level. Thank you very much. 
Gavin Hattersley : Thanks, Rob. Good morning. Look, I mean as I said earlier on, we have started revitalization plan in 2019 and we're executing that revitalization plan. I'm very pleased with the platform that we laid in 2020. And I think it gives us a really good springboard for ‘21, which is why we've felt confident with the guidance that we've put out there. So I understand there is skepticism around our ability to execute, but we wouldn't be putting guidance out if we didn't believe that we would achieve it. Tracey was very clear about our leverage goals that you comment on our capital allocation Tracey which I think was the underlying question that Rob had.
Tracey Joubert : Hi, Rob. So obviously, we are having ongoing conversations around our capital allocation with our Board and our focus has been on improving our leverage ratio because of the commitment to maintain our investment grade rating as well as investing in our business to deliver the revitalization plan, which is around top line growth. So, as always, we would look at our capital allocation and have a look at what gives us the shareholders the highest rate of return. We went through everything to our pack model to make those decisions, but our intention is to continue to pay down our debts to improve our leverage ratio and as I said in the prepared remarks. It is important for us and we see this on the Q3 call as well. As seen it appropriate to reinstate dividends and as I said in the guidance, that's something that we do anticipate, our Board will be in a position to reinstate in the back half of this year. And so just in terms of the tax cash and questions that  benefit and from the step up and as we did with the Miller Coors acquisition and that's does still run for another few years Rob. 
Rob Ottenstein: Can you remind so what exactly that rate, what do you expect? What that rate was in 2020 and what you expect it to be in ’21?
Tracey Joubert : So we don't actually give that guidance. And we didn't other than given the guidance that we've given you now on the consolidated effective tax rate for 2021 being between 20% and 23%.
Rob Ottenstein: But isn't the cash tax rate half of that?
Tracey Joubert: Yes, that's making progress, but it is at reduced tax rate pretty significantly from a cash point of view.
Rob Ottenstein: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane : Hey, good morning everyone. Just maybe a follow-up question on cash flow. I don't think I saw it, but Tracey, could you help us a little bit with what you're expecting for capital spending for this year, and also tied to that how we should think about free cash flow conversion in 2021? Are there any big moving parts that we should consider in terms of free cash flow? And, again, some help with CapEx would be helpful, as well.
Tracey Joubert: The time we looked at our metrics for this year to really align with our strategy around our revitalization plan goal and then also looked at metrics which aligns with our commitment to maintain and at the time pre-to investment-grade ratings, so we haven't given CapEx and we haven't given free cash flow, because we do believe that the target leverage ratio metric is more meaningful and more aligned to our strategy.
Bryan Spillane: But we're going to have to put a CapEx estimate into our cash flow statement. I mean, is 2020 a reasonable guide to use, just any help at all, just to get some sense of what we should be flowing in there?
Tracey Joubert: Now, I would say the guidance that we gave back in 2020, which we subsequently  would be the range of CapEx that you'd expect, there is nothing significant that we've got and planned at this stage.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Laurent Grandet: Yes, good morning everyone. And thanks for squeezing me in. Got a question regarding the DNB  here, so many on that front, there is almost not a week results and new product showing up. So key question from investors is about your ability to prioritize and not to disrupt your core business, could you please give us some comfort on that front in term of execution? And secondly, you mentioned you could reach about $1 billion enough cells by 2023 and that doesn't include hard seltzers. So could you please help us frame how you get there? Because it’s three years to get to $1 billion from zero, so that would be super helpful. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: I’m pretty consistent with one thing, I think revitalization plan requires us to do more than one thing at a time, it does not, and I think our fourth quarter is a fine example of that. We grew our top line in the US. We grew our net sales revenue per hectoliter meaningfully. We had positive brand mix and we demonstrated that we could deal with complexity. I mean the structure that we put in place in our company was designed to deal with complexity. We've got a team that focuses on the core brands, and very pleased with what they've done with the Coors Light and Miller Lite and our other legacy iconic brands and then we've got a keynote focuses on beyond beer, that's executing against it. So it's exactly as we laid out the revitalization plan and we're demonstrating that we can do that in our largest market. In terms of the $1 billion revenue ambition for emerging growth, it does encompass a number of areas in the emerging growth. So we are not coming from a standing start. We do have all our craft companies in that area. We have our non-alcohol division. We have our cannabis, THC-infused beverages, RGDS  and our CBD business. It also includes all of our Latin America exports and license market. So in order to get to a billion dollars, we're going to have to grow our top line fully emerging growth division by 50%, to give you some idea of the base that we're coming off. So hopefully that's helpful.
Laurent Grandet: Yes. Thank you very much. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers : Hey, thanks, and good morning. Just one more question from me, on the beyond beer topic, Gavin. I mean you've highlighted a lot in this call, but I guess I'm hoping you could talk a little bit more about the economics of that beyond beer push, whether in terms of any profit margins, especially when it comes to the distribution deals that you've been tackling on. You mentioned a couple of times with enthusiasm, for example, I’m just curious if you can clarify, how those relationships are structured from the perspective of the Molson Coors shareholder? I mean, it is though it really is a game changer in the energy market. That would be great. But I guess, how are those profits to be split between you, your distribution partners and the brand owner itself. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Look, I mean, each deal that we've done has been done differently and structured differently. I think it's safe to say that they're all operating in the above premium space from a revenue point of view. Some of these deals we've taken equity stakes in, some bigger and others, but we wouldn't be going into this, if we weren't intending to make money on these deals. We've got such a route to market advantage, from our perspective, the biggest channel for energy drinks to pick on is C-store. Nobody serves the C-store channel better than their distributors. So we think we've got some real structural advantages there, but we're not going to break down each and every deal that we've done and rest assured that our intention is that these are above premium products and that we will make money on them and that we will have equity in most of the deals that we've done.
Steve Powers : Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Hi, thanks, good morning. I think the some degree you covered this, but my question was really just thinking about the EBITDA outlook for 2021. If I just think about it in terms of rate of growth flat versus 2020 it’s actually better than I thought would be the case. Now, obviously, in dollar terms the basis is lower because of the fourth quarter, but just thinking about that in the context of the timing with which will be posting marketing spending back in and I'm not asking for quarterly guidance. It's more of a conceptual conversation, I'd like to have. Is it investing ahead of recovery, is it investing concurrent with, but just how you're thinking about marketing versus revenue growth and supporting some of the newer initiatives? It could be some helpful and interesting perspective.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks. Let me try to give you some color without giving you our quarterly budgets. I think you can expect that the second quarter would be a meaningful increase in marketing and sales spend because there was such a dislocation in the second quarter last year, where so much just didn't happen and we we're pivoting and still trying to figure out what the pandemic means. So I think it's safe to say that our marketing spend in Q2 will be quite a lot higher than it was in Q2 of last year. Beyond that, we'll be investing behind our innovations. So -- and again, behind, but large  at the appropriate times of the year, but I think the biggest piece of guidance I can give you is Q2 will be a meaningful increase.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Greg Tierney for any closing remarks.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, operator. I appreciate everybody joining us today and I know there may be additional questions we weren't able to answer. Please follow up with me and our IR team with any of those questions and we look forward to talking with many of you as the year unfolds. With that, thanks everybody for participating in this call, and talk to you all soon. Thank you.
Operator: This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. You can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors' website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. With that, I'll hand it over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations.
Greg Tierney: All right. Thank you, Danielle, and hello everyone. Following prepared remarks from Gavin and Tracey, we will take your questions. Please limit yourself to one question. If do you have more than one question to ask, please ask your most pressing question first and then reenter the queue to follow-up. And if you have technical questions on the quarter, please pick them up with me or Traci Mangini on the IR team in the days and weeks that follow. Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements and actual results or trends could differ materially from our forecast. For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in our most recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements and GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release or otherwise available on our website. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. And with that over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Greg, and thank you all for joining us today. Well, what a year it's been so far? If you're like most people, you put a lot of words that come to mind when you think of 2020, but for Molson Coors this year can be summarized in three words: persistence, perseverance and progress. That is how 2020 has been defined by the Molson Coors Beverage Company as we drive for top-line growth. We're very pleased with our performance in the third quarter as we beat top and bottom line expectations and made tangible progress on our revitalization plans. We had bold plans at the beginning of 2020, to build on the strength of our iconic core brands, aggressively grow our above premium portfolio, expand beyond the beer aisle, invest in our capabilities and support our people and our communities. Year 2020 has presented new obstacles for everyone for which we've had to adjust. Like all other beverage companies, one of the biggest challenges this year has been packaging supply. To put into perspective the scope of the challenges, we sold 300 million more cans of beer in the first nine months of 2020 than we did in the same period in 2019 in the United States alone. And there have been times over the past few months when demand for tall cans was four times what it was in 2019. I'm pleased to report that while work remains inventory is steadily improving in the U.S. We are approaching historical levels of paperboard supply. We are confirming most orders for bottled beer and seeing steady improvements in supply. A 12-ounce industry standard can supply stabilizing and we anticipate it will continue to increase through the year as we returned to full inventory. And we are starting to more fully cover demand for tall cans and expect steady improvement in inventory through the balance of the year. When 2020 has brought us challenges like this, we've met each challenge head on and we have never lost sight of our plan. Now, we're able to show what's possible as we execute that plan as we drive toward top-line growth. Coors Light and Miller Lite grew 6% and 9.5%, respectively, in the U.S. off-premise so far this year. As of today, the combined segment share has grown for 24 consecutive quarters that is six straight years. And our aim now is to stabilize our biggest brands in the total beer category. Above premium products are a record higher portion of our U.S. portfolio, since the business formed in 2008, despite the on-premise restrictions. By the end of 2021, we plan to capture a double digit share of the U.S. seltzer market, backed by what arguably is the most complete seltzer portfolio in the business. Truss, our Canadian joint venture, has quickly become a market share leader of ready to drink cannabis beverages in Canada. The company estimates market share of over 50% in key markets, such as Quebec. And we believe that our emerging drug division can become $1 billion business in revenue terms in three years time. We are expanding our production capacity for seltzers by over 400% and for Blue Moon LightSky by approximately 400%. We will continue prioritizing capital projects that will allow us to further expand our seltzer and innovation production capacity. We redefined our company values fit to increase representation of people of color at all levels of our company and redirected some social media spending, support organizations dedicated to social justice, equity and empowerment. We will continue to take tangible steps to build a brighter future for our people and our communities. I want to pause here. I know there are questions about the complexity of our revitalization plan and about our ability to execute. But not only can it be done in the future, we are already doing it today. As you can see, we are building on the strength of our core while growing our above premium portfolio and planting the seeds for future growth beyond beer. And we're investing in our capabilities and our people to make it all possible. I want to drill down on each of these a little more. As I mentioned earlier, it’s a great sign of strength of our core brands that Coors Light and Miller Lite grew 6% and 9.5% respectively in the U.S. off-premise so far this year. And the combined segment share of our two largest U.S. brands has grown for six straight years. And Coors Light again achieved a record high segment share in the U.S. since the business formed in 2008 per Nielsen. And our market research shows Coors Light has seen the biggest year-to-date improvement in consideration across the category, especially with 21 to 34-year-old consumers. In Canada, Molson Ultra has performed very well this year, up 32% so far, and has surpassed a large competitor in share of grocery in Quebec based on the recent four week data per Nielsen. Our national champion brands in Europe showed significant trend improvement as a large percentage of the on-trade had reopened at the beginning of the third quarter. In 2020, we have increased our number of major sports alliances across all of North America and while we aren't spending money against a lot of them this year during the pandemic, these partnerships should benefit our biggest brands for years to come. We have also seen great progress in growing our above premium portfolio. Above premium products grew in the third quarter and have reached a record high portion of our overall portfolio in the United States since the business was formed in 2008. Blue Moon LightSky, which launched in February has sold over 1.6 million cases through the end of the third quarter and is 2020's top selling new beer in the United States per Nielsen. And LightSky is highly incremental to the Blue Moon brand. Blue Moon Belgian White, the largest craft brand in the United States has seen a third highest growth in the off-premise among all craft brands in 2020 according to Nielsen. With the LightSky number one, the Blue Moon family has easily achieved the highest off-premise growth in 2020 among all craft franchises according to Nielsen. And this progress in above premium beer extends to Europe. In Europe and outside of the market, the Staropramen brand grew by 9% in volume in the quarter. And our export and licensed team grew volumes by 3% in the quarter thereby expanding the footprint and size of our premium position brands across the wider European segment. Turning to seltzer, Vizzy has risen to number eight on the Nielsen top 10 growth brands chart in 2020, selling over 2.5 million cases since its April launch. And it is seeing the highest repeat purchase rate amongst seltzers made by the major beer suppliers. And we are incredibly excited by the early results of Coors Seltzer, which has matched Vizzy's hot cells in its first months on shelves. In some key retailers, the Coors Seltzer variety pack is outselling the Bud Light Seltzer variety pack. Perhaps we are building out arguably the deepest most diversified portfolio of hard seltzers in the industry, we came into 2020 with an under two share of the segment, we are now four share. And by the end of next year, we plan to capture a double digit share of the U.S. seltzer market. That is possible because of the depth and differentiation of our seltzer portfolio. We believe Vizzy with its Acerola Cherry high antioxidants from vitamin C is the best position product on the market in the better-for-you space. We believe Coors Seltzer can become the number one beer brand in the segment through the strength of its name and its social mission around restoring America's water ways. Topo Chico Hard Seltzer has something no other product offers the benefit of the massive following of the Coca-Cola Company's Topo Chico sparkling mineral water in a number of major markets across the United States. Proof points will also launch next year, differentiating itself with premium ingredients like real spirits. And I would remind you that with our distribution deal for Bodega Bay hard seltzer in the UK and Ireland also causes an early mover among European hard seltzers. We have even more about premium brands opportunities coming in 2021 when we bring Yuengling westward under our new joint venture. There are 25 States open for expansion under the JV, all with zero Yuengling distribution today, tens of millions of legal age drinkers. That is a significant growth opportunity for our company and for Yuengling. Our emerging growth division has been doing a great job, planting the seeds for future growth opportunities beyond the Bureau. Earlier in the year, we launched Movo, our first canned one and the Truss joint venture launched very well CBD and THC drops in Canada. And in the third quarter, we stepped it up. Truss launched its first ready-to-drink cannabis beverages in Canada, parkway through the quarter and already it has become our market share leader. The company estimates market share over 50% in key markets like Quebec. We launched a new line of non-alcohol products created from the beverage incubator LA Libations. We took a minority stake in ZenWTR by noted beverage innovator Lance Collins. And we launched Vyne Botanicals hop water in Canada. In Europe, we signed an exclusive agreement with Miami cocktail companies to distribute the growing brands in the United Kingdom and Ireland. This is really just the beginning for us. We learning in some of the spaces in a capital efficient way I would add. And we'll apply what we learned to future growth opportunities beyond here. That is why I'm confident that altogether our emerging growth division can become a $1 billion business. For as much activity as you've seen in the past few months, you can expect to see more coming. In the next few weeks, our U.S. Truss joint venture with HEXO will launch its first CBD-based products in Colorado, making us an early mover in this area. And soon most inclusively distributor of La Colombe’s incredible lineup of ready-to-drink coffees in the off-premise, starting with drug and convenience store channels. Another great example of how we can leverage our strengths to find meaningful profitable top line growth. And to achieve growth under our revitalization plan, we can't just rely on our stellar marketing team. We are investing in our capabilities to make it happen. We intend to expand our hard seltzer production capacity by over 400%. by the end of this year. By early 2021, we expect to complete a project to expand Blue Moon LightSky production capacity by approximately 400% as well. We just turned on a new sleek can production line at the Rocky Mountain Metal Company, a joint venture with Ball Corporation, capable of producing 750 million cans a year. We're modernizing our brewery in Golden, Colorado, making it easier to brew the beverages of the future. During the coronavirus, we have improved online sales in the U.S. by approximately 200% through the three-tier structure, while also developing new e-commerce and direct-to-consumer channels for our business in Canada. These investments will help power our business forward and we will continue prioritizing capital projects to continue to expanding our production capacity for seltzer and innovations in 2021 and 2022. I've talked a lot about how the revitalization plan shapes our business actions, and it's also shaping how we support our people and our communities. That started earlier this year when we redefined our company values, starting with putting our people first. We built from the all year long. Just this month, we held our first week of inclusion, full week of forums, presentations, and conversations about how to be more inclusive, how to be allies to our teammates, how to hold ourselves accountable. We set out to increase representation of people of color at all levels of our company. And in the early months have showed a business and is growing more diverse. We redirected social media spending to 25 national and local organizations working to address issues of equality, empowerment, racial justice, and community building. We launched a new scholarship program supporting people of color and LGBTQ+ students seeking degrees in brewing or fermentation sciences.  We have the opportunity and the responsibility to drive change, and we are doing just that. And we're not going to slow down. We didn't complete the modernization project in Golden will significantly reduce CO2 emissions from the brewery. If we reduce energy usage by 15% and it will reduce our water usage by 100 million gallons per year. Look, we've made a lot of news over the past two months. From our continued investments behind our core brands, expansion of seltzer production capacity to our joint venture with Yuengling to our new line of non-alcoholic beverages, to the launch of Coors Seltzer to the addition of Topo Chico Hard Seltzer to the distribution deal with La Colombe. These are not a series of one-offs. That all represents parts of one single strategy drive our business to top line growth. Now we face a lot of criticism over the years about the shape of our portfolio in the U.S. where it is too heavily weighted towards our two premium light brands. I understand the viewpoint, but I believe our core is our strength. As I've outlined, a key part of our plan is to build on the strength of our iconic core brands. Interestingly, under the strategy, as we roll out plans to aggressively grow our above premium portfolio and expand into fast growing above premium beverages beyond the Bureau. There have been questions as to whether these actions add too much complexity or distraction. We should stick to our core, but to suggest that we must focus only on our core brands or only on innovations is a false choice. It's not binary, but part of our revitalization strategy we organized our business to do exactly that. The progress we are making is promising. Our 2020 above premium innovations have already delivered an incremental 5.7 million cases for our business. The health of our iconic core brands continues to improve, and we are planting the seeds for new growth opportunities beyond the Bureau. That is the plan we announced last October. That is the plan we're executing. And that is the plan we believe will deliver top line drugs for this business.  And now I'll pass it over to Tracey for the financial highlights. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. I will first cover the quarter on a consolidated and regional basis, and then move to our outlook. So to recap the quarter, net sales revenue decreased 3.6% in constant currency, a significant improvement from our second quarter performance. In the third quarter, we saw volume decline principally in the on-premise channel, along with the corresponding negative channel mix implications across all major markets. These impacts were partially offset by higher net pricing, as well as the U.S. overcoming channel mix challenges to deliver positive brand mix behind strong performances in Vizzy, Blue Moon NightSky and Coors Seltzer. North America shipment timing was positive in the third quarter, but remained impacted by packaging material constraints. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 2.1% in constant currency, reflecting positive net pricing in the U.S. and Canada, more than offsetting negative mix effects globally due to the various market dynamics and consumer shift caused by the coronavirus pandemic. While a significant number of the on-premise establishments were open throughout the quarter. Those that were opened we are not operating at full capacity. This had an [indiscernible] impact, albeit improving from second quarter levels on mix globally. As many of our higher-end products are skewed toward the on-premise, the closure of the restrictions in this channel has an unfavorable impact on our brand and channel mix. Worldwide brand volume decreased 5.2%, while financial volume decreased 5%.  Underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 1.5% on a constant currency basis, driven by inflation and volume deleverage partially offset by cost savings initiatives. Underlying MG&A decreased 7.6% on a constant currency basis driven by reduced marketing spend partially offset by a slightly higher G&A as we cycled one time benefits related to long-term incentive compensation reversal in the third quarter of 2019. This was largely offset by revitalization cost savings and lower discretionary spend. As a result, underlying EBITDA grew 0.5% on a constant currency basis. Underlying free cash flow of $1,160 million for the nine months in the September the 30th 2020, was $275 million favorable to the prior year period driven by favorable working capital. The working capital benefit was driven by the deferral of over $200 million in tax payments from various government sponsored payment deferral programs related to the coronavirus pandemic of which we currently anticipate approximately half to be paid in the fourth quarter of 2020, while the remaining amounts to be paid beyond this fiscal year. In North America, net sales revenue decreased 0.8% in constant currency, driven by financial volume declines of 4% reflecting lower brand volume. North America brand volumes decreased 5.2% as the on-premise closures or limited capacity reopenings during the quarter more than offset the strength in both the U.S. and Canada in the off-premise. Also contributing to the decline was packaging constraints, which primarily impacted the economy and premium segments as we prioritize higher margin SKUs. In the U.S., brand volumes decreased 5.3% compared to domestic shipment declines of 3.9%. And our efforts to address the year-to-date under-shipment position attributed to aluminum can supply constraints. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 3.6% driven by net pricing increases in the U.S. and Canada, and favorable brand and package mix in the U.S. partially offset by negative brand and channel mix in Canada attributed to the shift of volume from on-premise to off-premise. In the U.S., net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 4.6% driven by favorable sales mix and net pricing. The U.S. delivered its best quarterly sales performance in the last decade and the base brand mix performance is the first quarter of 2014. In Canada, negative mix more than offset the net pricing increases, while in Latin America net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis with largely consistent with the prior year. Underlying EBITDA increased 2.5% in constant currency as MG&A reductions more than offset unfavorable gross profit from lower financial volumes and COGS inflation. The MG&A reductions were driven by lower marketing spend in areas impacted by the coronavirus pandemic, such as sports, events and festival. We also adjusted the timing of marketing investments behind brands and packs where we experienced supply constraints. However, media and advertising spent rent-up sequentially within the quarter and increased compared to the prior year period as we supported core brands and key innovation. Also contributing to the MG&A reductions were other cost mitigating actions and the continued progress in realizing cost savings related to the revitalization plan. All of this was partially offset by packing low incentive compensation in the prior period, largely due to the [indiscernible] benefits from long-term compensation reversals in the third quarter of 2019 as mentioned earlier. In Europe, which is more heavily skewed towards the on-premise, net sales in our a reported basis decreased 15.3% in constant currency due to lower volumes and lower net sales per hectoliter reflecting the impact from the coronavirus. Net sales per hectoliteron a brand volume basis declined 5.9% in constant currency driven by unfavorable channel, brand and geographic mix particularly in a high margin UK business partial offset by slightly higher net pricing. Financial volumes decreased 7.7% and brand volume decreased 5.4%, a significant improvement from the year-on-year decline experienced in the second quarter as more on-premise accounts were open. Even the many were not operating at full capacity in the quarter. We have also greatly improved our capacity levels to meet the highest levels of demand in the off-premise. Europe's underlying EBITDA decreased 8% on a constant currency basis versus the prior driven by gross margin impact of volume declines and unfavorable geographic and channel mix, partially offset by lower MG&A expenses as a result of cost mitigation actions to navigate the coronavirus pandemic. Which takes me to our financial outlook. On March 27th, we withdrew our guidance due to the uncertainty driven by the pandemic. With the rise in the new virus cases in both North America and Europe, governments are mandating new closures when posing lockdowns to varying degrees and thus that uncertainty remains. As a result we have not reinstated guidance, but are providing additional visibility on forward trends and if it speaks about how we believe we will be impacted by the coronavirus. We do not expect to continue to give this visibility once condition is stabilized or we resume guidance. And we are very proud of our performance and agility in navigating the coronavirus pandemic and executing against our revitalization plan. The [indiscernible] so hit me in the head. The pandemic continues to impact our businesses due to on-premise losses and across all our geographies and disproportionately in Europe. Also, we continue to face supply constraints. However we do expect to return to full inventory of 12 ounce industry standard cans by year-end, and we're making progress on remediating constrains for the Coors Slice tall can. As a result, we expect domestic shipment trends in U.S. to be higher than brand volume trends in the fourth quarter, as we continue to build inventories. For MD&A, we expect marketing investment to increase in the fourth quarter from the prior year, as we build on the strength of our co-brand and ramp-up support for key innovations like Blue Moon Light Sky, Vizzy and Coors Slice in alignment with additional supply coming online. We will continue to be nimble adapting to the environment to ensure we are achieving the highest possible return on our marketing investments, while supporting strong brand equity. Therefore, as of the third quarter some of our anticipated fourth quarter spends will be dependent on factors, including the occurrence of live sports and events. And finally, as discussed in our second quarter call, in the fourth quarter we will stock a lower incentive compensation and a non-recurring vendor benefit, which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2019 and totaled approximately $2,700. In response to coronavirus pandemic, we've shifted our focus to ensure adequate liquidity for the near term, while positioning the business for medium and long-term success. This included a desire to maintain our investment grade rating, which is important for all of us stakeholders. Being investment grade rated reduces our cost of goods, improves our access to capital markets including commercial paper and gives us more operational flexibility to execute against our strategy. As previously discussed, we have significantly improved our liquidity position by favorably amending the covenant terms of our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility, adding GBP300 million commercial paper facility for our UK business, which is incremental to the borrowing capacity under the $1.5 billion facility, sustaining the dividend in May for the remainder of 2020, reducing previously paying capital expenditures by around $200 million for 2020, and generally reducing discretionary spend is possible. And in the third quarter, we continue to reduce our data position with the payments of CAD500 million that is due, using a combination of cash and commercial paper. As of quarter end, we had reduced our net debt position by just over $1.2 billion since we began the revitalization program. And we have maintained strong borrowing capacities on both our facilities. As of October 29, 2020 we had $1.4 billion under our U.S. facility and the full GBP300 million under the UK facility in available capacity. So we invested in our business to support medium and long-term growth objectives. In addition to necessary safety and maintenance projects, we are making capital investments that deliver cost savings and high return growth initiatives, such as our significant investment behind hard seltzers and innovations in our Fort Worth and Milwaukee brewery. Now over the next few years, we painted prioritized capital investments to include hundreds of millions of dollars to add significant capacity for our innovation, including salsas and slim can capacity. Given the operating environment, we are very pleased with our third quarter financial performance, making another quarter of progress on our revitalization plan to drive long-term value creation. We achieve solid financial and operating results, and again exceed top and bottom line expectation. And we did so while navigating the continued challenges posed by the coronavirus pandemic, further improving our liquidity and investing in [indiscernible] long-term goals. We are mindful of the challenges and continued uncertainty ahead and remain focused on doing what is this, not only in the near term, but positioning the business for medium and long-term success. And we look forward to updating you on our continued progress. And with this, we look forward to taking your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bill Kirk of MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Bill Kirk: Thanks for taking the question. Gavin, I guess this one's for you, as aluminum can supply improves what are the brand priorities? Do you reintroduce some of the economy brands and packs? Or do you put the cans toward the premium offerings? And I guess I'm asking it in the context of what you expect from consumer spending strength going forward?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. Look our programs industries can supply stabilizing and we've really seen it increase incrementally over the last four to five weeks and we expect that to continue incrementally increasing through the balance of the year. And with that two constraints particularly, one would be the tall can for 12 ounce, which is what Coors Light and Keystone might go into primarily. And then obviously the 12 ounce tall slim can, and that's been more driven by the success of Vizzy and Blue Moon LightSky that has necessarily been by shortages. In terms of prioritization, obviously Coors Light gets first priority for us when it comes to the tall can and we've made some adjustments on slow moving products that have been packaged in that can and to make sure that we can fulfill Coors Light. That to your second question from a trade down point of view, but we haven't actually seen that at this point in time. In fact, we're seeing quite the opposite both in the U.S. and in Europe as well as Canada. I think consumers are finding that their dollar stretches a little further in the off-premise than it does in the on-premise. We're actually seeing the opposite.
Bill Kirk: That's super helpful. I'll jump back in the queue for a follow-up.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks, Good morning. Gavin, I mean it was great that in your prepared remarks, you addressed the complexity conversation. But I would like to just go maybe a step further to understand how you're evolving the organization to handle the increased complexity, and then with regard to distributor relationships and how do you work with them to prioritize – to set priorities, I guess, and to manage sort of what's working; what's not. How long do you give some of the activity to click into, okay, this one's got some legs, that's really push it because the activity has been tremendous. And obviously looking at the price mix this quarter, it's helping and mattering and it's getting attention. But there will be a point where resource allocation and having to make choices comes into play? And I'd love to know a little bit more about that.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Lauren, and good morning. Look, it depends what lens you look at this through, right. So if it's through three lenses, from a retailer point of view, they’re well-prepared for innovation, they're hungry for it and expecting it. So I see no issue there. From a distributor point of view, 80% of them already carry non-alcohol products and 50% of them carry wine and spirits already. So they're actually ahead of us. We're playing catch up with them. They manage and deal with tons of complexity. And Lauren, I would tell you the vast majority of them are very excited about the moves that we're making, and can't wait to have these brands in their houses. And then you look at our business and that's exactly why we structured ourselves as we did at the time of the joint venture and formed this emerging growth team under Pete Marino's leadership. It's a small team of passionate and very dedicated specialists in the field. And Lauren, arguably there's even more focus behind the core since we actually made this organizational structural shift under the revitalization plan. And you can see that in the strength of core brands and the innovation coming through and above-premium. Of course, we're going to continue to leverage capability through the CCOE and back office. But there's little additional complexity for ourselves and marketing groups that focus on our core business and our above-premium business. And then from a supply chain point of view, these products are not going through our breweries. They had no complexity to our breweries at all. We are expanding our warehouse capacity and obviously, they use the same ordering systems and tools. And then the final point I would make is these things are, although we announced them all within a tucked, probably two months period – these things are all – the timing of them is all different. Yuengling will come in the back half of next year, La Colombe will come in the front half of the first quarter. Topo Chico Hard Seltzer will be in the second – second to first quarter or early in the second quarter. So from a timing point of these things are not all landing at the same time. So I think there – obviously, there are questions about it, but we're managing it now and we're managing it effectively.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. That's great. And then with regard to sticking with portfolio, with some of the bigger brands, obviously the work on Blue Moon really rejuvenated that franchise. But as you're thinking about adding, is there anything in the portfolio that you're also looking at in terms of trimming because we still get back to the question of some bigger brands that, it's still been slower to turn. And maybe there's a point at which we say, the new is way better use of our resources. And we need to kind of cut our losses on some bigger brands in that portfolio. Is that part of the thought process as well?
Gavin Hattersley: Some of the can shortages in the coronavirus pandemic have forced us into making decisions around slow moving brands and SKUs, Lauren, and we've done that. And I would expect some of those SKUs won’t come back. So from a complexity point of view, from a brewery point of view, I would expect that we will have less SKUs coming up when we come out of this pandemic than we did coming into the pandemic.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. That's great. I can keep going. But Greg said, we were only supposed to ask one, so I'm passing it on. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning, everyone. Congrats for a strong quarter. My question will be about the seltzer category, I mean, you mentioned you're planning to achieve double-digit market share in the seltzer category next year. It gets you to 8% next year. So could you give us a bit more granularity or color as to how you get there and build the level of confidence for investors? And also I mean, resume that how are you now planning to motivate or incentivate your wholesalers in most part, already carry in the brands like Truly or White Claw. So I’d like to understand this a bit more, thank you very much.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Laurent. Look, I mean, we've got what we think is arguably the strongest portfolio of seltzers for both consumers and for our distributors. If you look at Vizzy, we’re positioning Vizzy to lead for the better-for-you space. We're aiming for Coors Seltzer to become a number one beer brand in this segment. The addition of Topo Chico is going to help drive a meaningful scale for us with a portfolio approach. It's a known and loved by a very large number of consumers in the United States. And then proof point, we expect you to lead spirits based seltzers. So we think we've got a highly differentiated, very powerful and very attractive seltzer portfolio for consumers. And our distributors are getting behind them. You can see that in the performance of Vizzy and you can see it in the performance of Coors Seltzer and I've not seen them as excited in the while around Topo Chico, particularly in the markets with Topo Chico, mineral water does so well for the Coca-Cola Company. So we think we've got the portfolio and we think we've got the distributor buy-in.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks Gavin. And if I may add on seltzer, is the manufacturing, MillerCoors contract manufacturer for Topo Chico, something we should expect just for this coming year as you’re filling up your capacity in seltzer. And we should think about you’re perpetuating these in-house from 2022? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: In 2021, it will be primarily outsourced and in 2022 and beyond it will be insourced Laurent. So you got that. You got that, right.
Laurent Grandet: Okay. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. Good morning. So I was hoping if you can give us an idea of the cadence of the STRs in 3Q and particularly your exit rate in September. And if you're going to help us, we looked over STR, how it shaped up in the U.S. and also in European life has the new lock downs. And I would say if we step back broadly, how do you feel inventory levels – if the inventory levels normalized at the trade at this point?
Gavin Hattersley: Tracey, why don't you take the sort of shipments in STRs for Q4, and then I'll take Europe.
Tracey Joubert: So let me start with Q3. So as we see the shipment act as brand volume trends in Q3 as we stated. When we look at the September year-to-date on the U.S. shipments, shipments were down 6.1%. Our brand volume was down 3.8%. And for Q4, we expect shipments to act as brand volume trends as well as we both inventory during the balance of the year. So we do expect a further reduction in this gap, as it relates to giving STRs for fourth quarter, we actually moved away from that a couple of quarters ago. Andrea so I'm not really going to comment on that. Gavin?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Andrea, from an overall environment point of view, the off-premise in the North America continues to remain strong. And the on-premise seems to have settled down at sort of roughly 60% of historical levels from a sales point of view. So down roughly 35% to 40% on an ongoing basis, and we haven't seen much move on that recently, so that that's sort of North America. From a Europe point of view, in Central and Eastern Europe, we saw about 85% of outlets reopen. I would point out that the fourth quarter is – on-premise is less of an impact for Central and Eastern Europe because there's much less tourist activity during that time period. That takes place more in the second and third quarters. In the UK, for the third quarter, we had good weather that was supported by the government's program to eat out at on-premise outlets. And so we saw a much better performance from an on-premise point of view in the third quarter. And obviously, as we head into the fourth quarter, there's a lot of uncertainty around that because it has obviously sparked in the UK and there are all localized lockdowns. So we'll have to, I guess, see how the quarter in the UK progresses. Your third question there was around inventory levels, certainly our 12-ounce industry standard can supply stabilizing, it has improved consecutively for the last four or five weeks, and we see it continuing to improve into the balance of the year. The shortage for some of our exciting innovations like Vizzy and Blue Moon LightSky is driven by the strong success of those two brands. And we would expect to see the inventory for both of them improve meaningfully as we head into the fourth quarter and that new capacity comes online in Milwaukee and Fort Worth. Obviously, the shortage would be more pronounced for 12-ounce tall cans. And we are seeing that stabilizing and starting to improve.
Andrea Teixeira: Super helpful. Thank you so much.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure.
Operator: So the next question comes from Sean King of UBS. Please go ahead.
Sean King: Hi, thanks for the question. I guess looking into 2021 what math – what metrics or cash generation levels would you need to see to consider returning the dividend?
Gavin Hattersley: Tracey you want to take the dividend question.
Tracey Joubert: Yes, so, hi, Sean. Look, as you know, we suspended our dividend in May for the remainder of 2020. The situation remains fluid. And we had ongoing conversations with the Board, so we cannot really comment on our dividend policy beyond 2020. What I can tell you though is, the company has got a very long history of paying dividends and we fully intend to reinstate the dividend as soon as appropriate.  And right now the current focus is to ensure we had adequate liquidity. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we think grate improvements to our liquidity, we've reduced net debt by $1.2 billion, as I said, since we announced the revitalization plan. And we continue to reduce our net debt to EBITDA ratio quarter-after-quarter. So that's about as much as I can tell you until we have further discussions with the Board. 
Sean King: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, Gavin and Tracy. Thanks for taking the question. Gavin, I guess, my question is just around the Seltzer portfolio and like what it will take to support the market share ambition that you articulated earlier. So maybe if you could just give us a little bit of color in terms of how you are approaching that, is it – will it come with significantly increased like amounts of advertising is there – will it will require spending to get product on the shelf? It just seems like – there's a big opportunity, but there's also a lot of brands trying to get into the market next year. I’m just trying to understand kind of what resources it'll take to really differentiate with what looks like a pretty good product lineup for next year. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Brian. Look, I mean, from a focus point of view next year, as we look at marketing spend, obviously we've got a big focus on our core brands, Miller Lite, Coors Light, and Blue Moon. And then we've got a really big focus on our sell support portfolio. So, we will be giving the required investment behind Vizzy, and Coors Point, and Topo Chico, Coors sales the next year that they need in order to be successful. In the third quarter, we actually spent – we doubled our media spend from Q2 behind Coors Light, Miller Light and our two big bits, Vizzy and LightSky. And in the fourth quarter, you can expect to see a ramp up of support for both of those Seltzer and Blue Moon, LightSky as the additional supply comes on online. So, those are our two primary focus areas. Our core brands and our Seltzer portfolio, Brian, and we will put the necessary money behind it to make sure they are successful. The early signs are good. They're very differentiated. They are clearly resonating with consumers. And lots of excitement from the distributors as well.
Bryan Spillane: And Gavin is there any sign that just that competitors are spending to get shelf space? Just trying to understand if there's anything that we should be thinking about there in terms of slotting, or just, any – is it getting too expensive to get product on the shelf?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, Bryan in the alcohol space, it's illegal to pay sliding fee, so they wouldn't be – in the United States, so they wouldn't be doing that, or if they would, that would be a problem for them. Certainly from a media and national spend point of view and the strength of our chain teams and our selling teams that's how you get shelf space in the U.S. And we're confident we're going to get it for our four brands.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks Gavin.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Yes. Hey, thanks. So I'm not sure if this is disclosed somewhere that maybe I overlooked today, but can you talk about where the above premium part of your portfolio sits as a percentage of the total in the U.S. at least, I know you said it was at an all-time high, and which makes sense. I'm just wondering if you can give us an order of magnitude. And more importantly, around that, just given all the learnings you've had and all the new initiatives that you've developed in that space, Seltzer inclusive, but not limited to Seltzer. How are you thinking about the aggregate above premium opportunity going forward? I mean, how much can above premium growth contribute to total Molson Coors portfolio growth over time? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Steve. Look our above premium share about portfolio in the U.S., which I think was your question is just north of 10%. And as you rightly out what we pointed out, it grew very meaningfully in Q3. As far as the potential is concerned, look, we've tried to give you some indication of where we think the above premium portfolio can go. We do believe we can get a 10% or double digit market share of the of the Seltzer category. We think that that is a big category and it's – despite some of what you might have read recently, we don't see it slowing down meaningfully. I mean, 50%, 75%, 100% growth in 2021. There isn't another part of the beer category that, or the industry that has that kind of growth potential. I think everybody has always said that it's not going to grow 300% forever. So, I'll take 50%, 75% or a 100% anytime from an overall segment point of view, and we believe that our differentiated portfolio can get a double digit share of that, which would have a meaningful impact on our above premium share of our portfolio. And then of course, there's the beyond beer space in the emerging growth division, which all of it really is in the above premium space from a price point of view. And from a revenue point of view, we can see that getting to a $1 billion in the next three years. Yes, I think those are your questions.
Steve Powers: Yes, that’s good. I can work with that. Thanks so much.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Ottenstein from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. So I want to kind of focus on the core brands, Coors Light, Miller Lite. And kind of two questions on those. Can you give us a sense of how you feel about kind of where you are on the creative marketing side of things whether you are getting the, kind of the right message across now, are you happy with that? Happy with how the brands are differentiated and how you're segmenting the business or the brands? And maybe, any data on brand health would be helpful? And then tied to that and kind of back to prior questions on complexity, how do you keep the distributors focused on those when they've got so many additional brands that they need to get placed and put on the shelf? And are you going to have to kind of adjust some of your terms to distributors to make sure that you get their mind share, given the incredible proliferation of innovation and brands that's going on right now? I mean, it's got to be absolutely overwhelming for a lot of distributors. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Hey, good morning, Robert. Yes, a lot in there. Let me try and parse that out. To start with the Coors Light, I mean, we feel really confident in the brand's direction. We're seeing strong brand healthy improvements, particularly amongst the 21 to 34-year-old consumers, which is really good. Coors Light’s improvement in consideration amongst 21 to 34-year-olds is high than any other brand in the category that we checked. So I feel very good about the direction of the Coors Light’s brand health. The team continues to reinvigorate the brand. We launched a refreshed and modern packaging design across all of our skews in early August. And based on the testing that we've seen, we find that consumers found that the new design is much more refreshing, it's memorable, it's unique, particularly when you compare it to Coors Light’s competition. And based on the early results that we've seen, we’re seeing volume and velocity gains as a result of that new packaging. And I think it will be fully retail through probably already there, if – if otherwise it will be there in the next week or so. From the “Made to Chill” campaign, we've had new assets that we've put out, plus we have a new brand campaign promoting all expenses, paid trip to your video conference background, which has been well received by the consumer base. So overall feel very good about Coors Light. We saw in Q2 the brand drive significant share growth in premium light, and have continued to gain, share of the segment in Q3. And we'll build on that as we head into Q4. From a Miller Lite point of view, it's also accelerated both from a segment point of view and an industry point of view. It’s shared with, we very proud of the 24 consecutive quarters of share growth that we've had as a six years of growth. And we think it's got a nice opportunity to continue to accelerate. We have launched new creative, particularly around it's calorie message and targeting a competitor. And we believe that Miller Lite proposition can strongly challenge that competitor. And we also have big plans to continue to build Miller Lite during the tea beer moments including football. So we've launched the Cantina, we're leveraging NFL partnerships. And in November, I think, it is we'll launch a larger than ever holiday program behind Miller Lite. So, overall Robert in this environment, we're very pleased with the strength and the share guidance that both of those brands have gained. And from a distributor mind share point of view, Coors Light and Miller Lite are really big, meaningful parts of our distributors houses. They lack what we're doing on those two brands and that's reflected in their ordering profile. So I don't have concerns with our distributors placing focus on Coors Lite and Miller Lite. It's the sort of foundation that many of the distributor ships.
Rob Ottenstein: Just want to make sure I summarize this. So at this point now, because it's been a little rocky obviously over time, you, believe that the creative is where it needs to be and the brand health trends are going in the right direction and you kind of like how the two brands are segmented.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Great. Thanks. Hello, everyone. Gavin, question for you on the Yuengling joint venture, so three of them, if I may. One, how quickly do you intend to roll out the brand into new territories? Question number two would be, are you prepared to comment at on the financial impact level of spend or earnings accretion? I suspect not giving the guidance is off the table altogether for the company. But I think sort of weaving that in with the focus on the core within your portfolio and Seltzer, it doesn't sound like Yuengling is going to be a huge priority in terms of investment, at least for next year, but maybe you can correct me on that. And then just lastly, it'd be helpful, I think, comments on the potential for cannibalization given the overlap with premium and premium lights in your existing portfolio. So thanks for all that.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin. Look from an economic point of view, it's a 50:50 ownership structure. So 50% of the benefit will come out and 50% of the benefit will go to Yuengling. From a speed point of view, we've – I think we'll expect to have Yuengling originates first market in the second half of next year. We'll be in a position to advise which market that's going to be soon. And we'll roll out in a deliberate pace beyond that. If you look at where Yuengling has traditionally sourced its volume from when it's gone to a new territory, it has not primarily come from our brands, its source of market shares has come from one of our largest competitors and we wouldn't expect that to be any different as we roll out into new territories. We'll be accounting for it on the equity method. But you can be assured that we wouldn't have entered into this joint venture if we didn't believe that it was going to be accretive to our profit in our earnings.
Kevin Grundy: That's very helpful. Thanks for the color.
Gavin Hattersley: You are welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Hi, good afternoon, everybody. Please, you gave a lot of puts and takes on MG&A, and I just want to make sure I understand, I believe you're looking for the MG&A for the second half to beat up. However, obviously it was down in this particular quarter. I'm just curious if that has changed and is maybe 4Q intended to be a catch-up from these numbers perhaps coming in later in the third quarter. And then if you could drill down a little bit on that MG&A number. Gavin, you provided some insights on your advertising spend. However, I'm just curious if you can give maybe a little bit more on what's your aspen was and its entirety for the third quarter and maybe where you expect it to go for 4Q. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Kaumil. Look, I mean, we – I'm not going to give you specific numbers. We just don't do that. But I can give you some color. From a media and advertising spend point of view, it ramped up significantly within the quarter and compared to prior year. In the third quarter, we actually spent more in the U.S. national local media than the year previously. And as I said earlier, we doubled our media spend from the second quarter on Coors Light and Miller Lite, and our big bet Vizzy and LightSky.  Our media spend in Canada was also higher in Q3. We've really had been focused on trying to be nimble given the environment and particularly with areas like sports, events and festivals. We have the lack of sports events and the lack of perhaps effective sports events in some cases it's allowed us to renegotiate payment requirements and that's we've taken less expense in the third quarter based on those very successful renegotiations that we've had. In terms of the fourth quarter marketing spend, we do expect our marketing investment to increase from the prior year as we continue to build on marketing, spend behind our core brands and the strength of the brand health of both Miller Lite and Coors Light. And we all going to ramp up spend on a Blue Moon LightSky, Vizzy and Coors Seltzer in alignment with when the additional suppliers coming on in the fourth quarter. But of course we'll monitor what's going on. We'll monitor the environment and we'll be fluid and nimble if we have to be. But our plan is to spend more in marketing in the fourth quarter. From a G&A point of view, Tracey is anything you want to add to what you'd said originally?
Tracey Joubert: Yes, I mean, I think for quarter three, we were broadly flat. This is the prior on the G&A side. We've spoken about our revitalization savings and we delivering well against those targets. And as well as, we targeting other sort of discretionary type spend due to the environments has guarantees that we operating in. When we look at Q4, I do want to remind you that we have got some unfavorability versus prior year. There definitely will be destocking of someone off actions, which related to one time being the benefits and then also lowering change of the accruals in the prior year end. We've given that number that’s roughly about $27 million in the quarter that we're going to be destocking, hopefully that helps a little bit on the G&A side.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Okay, got it. Thank you. Second, first of all, congratulations, you've announced quite a few deals in recent weeks, or I suppose, recent months. If we were to think about all of these deals collectively, is there any insights you could give us on how much of an incremental contributor, perhaps all of these new initiatives, JVs, product launches, how much they could contribute to the – at the group level?
Gavin Hattersley: Let me answer that question this way Kaumil. I said in my prepared remarks that we expect the emerging division on the Pete’s leadership to get to $1 billion in revenue in three years time. And so, under Pete's leadership, we've got the cannabis joint ventures in Canada, we've got the new cannabis joint venture in Colorado. We've got non-alc space which is primarily at L.A. Libations. We've got the Wine & Spirits group, which has got Movo in it at the moment. It was all sources of all our regional craft and an export license and distribution businesses fall under Pete. But to be more specific maybe to get to $1 billion we will have to grow that division by about 50% over the next three years. Hopefully that helps.
Kaumil Gajrawala: It does. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you. Good morning. I actually had a follow on question from just a few of the earlier ones, but may be asked a little differently. I guess I'm wondering, how willing you guys are to let margins come under pressure as you potentially ramp spending overall behind all of your different initiatives in an attempt to revitalize your business. I guess I'm wondering if you might be entering a period of lower margins and maybe slower earnings growth, again, as you try to pivot your business, is that a reasonable expectation maybe for the next year or two until your top line accelerates to some of the goals you did call out such as the double-digit share in hard seltzers, the $1 billion from your emerging growth portfolio, et cetera. And I guess I'm thinking about in the context that there might not be a lot of scale from each of these different initiatives for some time. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Hey, Bonnie. Good morning. Look, I mean, from a scale point of view, I'd guide you to the $1 billion. I just spoke about in a second and grow that division by more than 50% to get there. As we – I'll put you back to the revitalization plan, the revitalization strategy, which we're executing against. When you starting to see the benefits of that coming through on the mixed line certainly, very profitable brand mix improvements. The U.S. alone, we increased our brand mix favorability by 260 basis points in the third quarter. I'm not sure we've seen a level that high in quite some time. Our revitalization strategy was designed from a structure point of view to take cost out of our business, so that we could actually invest in marketing. So what you're seeing now is a delivery of that exact strategy, which we put in place, change the structure, eliminate some office locations, make the necessary changes in order to deliver the firepower that we needed to execute above premium and beyond beer and at the same time and importantly supporting our core brands. So it's all, it's coming through as we had planned.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you.
Operator: As a follow-up question from Lauren Lieberman. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thank you. Sorry. I lost my place. I just was – you've talked about the strategic review since late last year. And I just was wondering, would that the specific language around a quote strategic review? Is there anything you can talk about in terms of what's been looked at? Where that process stands and maybe where a refresh might be needed in terms of strategy or footprint. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: We talked about a strategic review, Lauren, so I'm not necessarily sure what you're referring to. All I've talked about is the revitalization strategy and what we're doing on the revitalization strategy, where our focus is, where we're trying to build capabilities, and where we're trying to take cost out of the business. And we tried to lay it out in the earnings release, very clearly all the actions we've taken under those five pillars of our revitalization strategy, and that's our focus. And we're all very pleased with the progress we've made right in the middle of a pandemic. So feeling good about it.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Okay. Thanks so much. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Tierney for closing remarks.
Greg Tierney: All right. Thanks, operator. I appreciate everybody’s attendance and all the questions. If you do have additional questions that we weren't able to take, or that you weren't able to ask today, please follow up with our Investor Relations team and then Tracey and I will look forward to you – taking you through it as the year progresses. With that, thanks very much. And thanks for attending today.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company’s Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Participants can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors’ website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. Please also note today’s event is being recorded. With that, I will turn today’s call over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, Jamie, and hello, everybody. Following prepared remarks from Gavin and Tracey, we’ll take your questions. Please limit yourself to one question and if you have more than one question, please ask your most pressing question first and then reenter the queue to follow-up. To the extent you have technical questions on the quarter, we’ll ask that you pick those up with me in the days and weeks that follow. And today’s discussion includes forward-looking statements within the meanings of applicable securities laws. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations and projections contained in such statements are disclosed in the company’s filings with the SEC. The company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. GAAP reconciliations for any non-US GAAP measures are included in our news release or otherwise available on the company’s website at www.molsoncoors.com. And also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period and in US dollars. With that, over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg. Good morning and thank you everybody for joining us today. We had a strong second quarter, as is evidenced by the results we released this morning, executing well against our two main objectives as the world continues to adjust to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. But before we talk about our second quarter performance, I would like to address the challenge of systemic racism. Racism is not a new issue. And I'm not naive enough to believe that our business alone can solve a problem that has plagued the United States and many parts of the world for so long. But I do believe we have the opportunity and the responsibility to try and be part of the solution. And that is why we have been unequivocal that we believe Black Lives Matter, and that's why we are backing up our woods with action. We developed a new action plan designed to build a more inclusive culture and increase diversity within Molson Coors. Our intent is to conduct a culture assessment of our practices and policies to guide further -- future improvement across all of our business units, increase the representation of people of color in our US operation by 25% by the end of 2023 across the country, among salaried employees and also in leadership positions, improve our hiring practices and leadership development programs to bring in highly skilled diverse talent and develop our future leaders, and much more. We’ve already committed to donate $1.5 million dollars to 23 local and national organizations dedicated to equality, empowerment, justice and community building, engaging our own employee resource groups in the process of selecting which groups to support. This is only a start. It cannot be a moment in time that passes by seem to be forgotten. We are committed to meaningful long-term change inside and outside our business. Our efforts to lead -- leave a positive imprint don't invade. Two weeks ago we released our annual sustainability report, in which we announced progress against our 2025 sustainability goals. Highlights from the report include further reductions in emissions, effective more than 99% of our packaging is now considered reusable, recyclable or compostable and an increase in the number of zero waste to landfill facilities. Addressing racism and protecting the environment and not societal issues to be addressed by someone else, to try and ask to help build a better future, and doing so is good for our business, and the communities in which we operate. But that is very clear, fostering a more diverse and inclusive environment, and exhibiting social responsibility increases employee engagement, which leads to more discretionary effort and stronger performance, which leads to better business outcomes. The actions we are taking will help our business compete and win in the future, and build in the progress we are making today, as is evidenced by our strong second quarter results. Last quarter we told you the overarching focus is the whole world deals with the coronavirus pandemic was centered on two objectives. Navigating the short-term to protect our employees, and to mitigate the short-term business challenges of the coronavirus and secondly positioning our business for long-term success and that’s just what we've done. With sound management and incredible work by our teams, we had a strong second quarter executing well against these two objectives and beating expectations for both top and bottom line performance in Q2. We did it while delivering an improved cash position and preserving the biggest firepower in our marketing budgets that can be ramped up in the back half of the year, when we expect that will be most effective. We have also benefited from the fact that our business is not as exposed to challenging markets as many of our competitors, but just the continued problems facing suppliers with much more sizeable operations in places like South Africa and Mexico. At the end of Q2, the benefits of our work to navigate the short-term impacts of the coronavirus are clear. Coors Light achieved its highest segment share ever in the United States. Let me repeat that, Coors Light achieved its highest segment share ever in the US. Blue Moon LightSky became the top selling beer of 2020 per Nielsen, and is now ranked amongst the top three growth brands in the entire cross segment, also per Nielsen behind premium Belgian White. Vizzy has already made a name for itself in an increasingly crowded US hot seltzer market. Despite not launching nationally until April, it is already the number three seltzer in a number of markets, and is beating Bud lite seltzer in repeat purchase rates. Our cross Canada joint ventures shipped its first products and we are very encouraged by the consumer reception. And in the US, our new joint venture Trust USA is already piloting opportunities for non-alcohol hemp derived CBD beverages in Colorado. We have driven progress in Canada through growth in craft and the off premise, leveraging the North American innovation Belgian Moon LightSky, as well as growth in local craft brands in Canada, such as Creemore and DDM. Our Canadian innovation portfolio is also off to a strong start with [indiscernible] a line of vodka based can drinks. Arizona Hard Green Tea and Vine, a non-alcoholic hop water. To became an early entrant in the European hot seltzer space by signing an exclusive agreement with British Hot seltzer maker Bodega Bay. And we're extending beyond our beer portfolio after signing with Miami Cocktail companies to distribute the growing brands in the United Kingdom and Ireland. And last but certainly not least we strengthened our financial position. We renegotiated our bank covenants to help ease potential short-term liquidity constraints and we suspended our dividend payable for the balance of the 2020 fiscal year, decision that we believe will put us in a stronger cash and leverage position during the pandemic. In light of these steps, we were pleased that Moody's affirmed our credit rating and kept our outlook stable. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't easy, but we were able to deliver the strong quarter despite the challenges facing our world and our industry today. Tourism in Europe has dropped dramatically and pubs in the U.K. were closed through the end of Q2 as a result of the pandemic. Some of our Latin American markets were shut down completely or partially for much of the quarter and while a number of establishments largely reopen typically in phases, some of these would quickly closed down again in the United States. Consumer demand is shifted in ways no one could have foreseen six months ago, when bars and restaurants were shuttered in the early parts of Q2, demand for kegs in the U.S. went to zero and conversely demand for cans went through the roof. Every company that makes anything in the 12-ounce can has been challenged to some degree by the global can shortage. For example, Coke and Pepsi have acknowledged challenges and [Indiscernible] corporation announced new plans to increase production capacity on cans. At Molson Coors, we have been producing and shipping can beer at significantly higher rates than in recent years. Though it hasn't been enough to meet the historically high orders we're seeing. Put a finer point in the level of demand we're seeing, we eclipsed July 4th week shipment days in the United States four times already this year. That's unheard of. You remember on our Q1 call, I said constraints and cans and paperboard would be a challenge this summer in North America. All along we've been working with our distributors in North America to try to manage it. We've been getting as many cans as possible from our suppliers who have been tremendous partners for us and we've worked to source more cans from countries around the world. At this point, we remained tight on the quiz like tall can [ph], but are seeing the situation begin to improve with respect to 12-ounce industry standard cans. We're also making progress in securing more paperboard as our supplies recently added to product -- catching up on some SKUs. Despite all of these obstacles, we continue to navigate the coronavirus effectively today, while simultaneously [technical difficulty] in the long-term. There is no better example than our new investment which is intended to quintuple our U.S. seltzer production capacity. Rolling on the strength of business launch and the upcoming launch of seltzer, we announced a multi-million dollar project at our Fort Worth, Texas brewery to include the installation of a new canning line completed earlier this year and a state-of-the-art filtration system expected to be finished later this fall. As I mentioned before, our brands will have additional marketing support in the months ahead. We preserved our marketing firepower for a calm when we expect it will have the most impact. Bars and restaurants are starting to come back, admittedly in fits and starts, and we expect to increase investment. We completed our acquisition of Atwater Brewing, a craft brewer that gives us a foothold in the eastern parts of the Midwest, and one that produces craft seltzers and beverages that extend beyond the beer. And we're excited about our new partner and their offerings. And speaking of partnerships, we recently announced we will be an official partner of the new Las Vegas Raiders football team with the official domestic beer and official craft beer and the official hard seltzer; one way that we continue to invest behind our brands, even in some challenging times. And for those of you that are excited that baseball season is underway, I'd remind you that with our new and extend partnerships, we entered the 2020 with partnerships with 50% of all MLB teams. We are pleased with how we have managed the short-term, and are confident in our plans to position the business for the long-term. Even in the midst of such uncertainty brought on by the coronavirus pandemic based on what we have seen and what we have done, we intend to maintain the strength of our iconic brands, grow our above-premium business and expand beyond the bureau. And now, I’ll pass it over Tracey for the financial highlights.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. I will first cover the quarter on a consolidated and regional basis, then move to our outlook. With the continued uncertainty in the current environment, we have determined not to reinstate guidance at this time. But we will be giving additional forward visibility on trends and offering the perspective on how we believe we will be impacted by the coronavirus in the future. We do not expect to continue to give this visibility once conditions have stabilized, or we resume guidance. So to recap this quarter. Net sales revenue decreased 14.3% in constant currency, largely due to brand volume declines, principally in on-premise channel, which remained extensively closed during the quarter, along with the result in negative mix implications across all major markets. Additionally, our under-shipments position in the U.S. continued during Q2, mostly due to the constraint supplies of 12-ounce cans, as well as paper boat that Gavin just mentioned. These impacts were partially offset by a higher net pricing in the U.S. and Canada. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 0.3% in constant currency, reflecting positive net pricing in U.S. and Canada, more than offsetting negative mix effects globally due to the various market dynamics and consumer shifts caused by the coronavirus. Specifically, the shutdown of the on-premise locations, as well as the timing of the gradual reopening of on-premise location had an adverse impact on geographic mix in Europe, and notably as many of our higher end products skew towards the on-premise, the closure of these establishments had an unfavorable impact on our brand and channel mix. Worldwide brand volume decreased 11.6%, while financial volume decreased 12.5%, reflecting unfavorable shipments timing in the US, and lower contract brewing volume. Underlying cost per hectoliter increased 0.4% on a constant currency basis, driven by volume deleverage, partially offset by cost savings and a favorable resolution of our property tax appeal for our Golden Colorado Brewing. Underlying MG&A decreased 50.8% on a constant-currency basis, driven by the suspension of on-premise activation and elimination and reduction of spending areas that has been significantly impacted by the coronavirus, for example, [indiscernible]. We also adjusted the timing of marketing investments behind brands and techs where we experienced the platform strength. In addition, our G&A spend was lower as we delivered against our cost savings and revitalization plan. As a result, underlying EBITDA increased 2.2% on a constant currency basis. Underlying free cash flow of $796.4 million for the six months ended June 30, 2020 was $235.7 million favorable to prior year, driven by favorable working capital and lower cash paid for taxes, as well as lower cash paid for interest partially offset by lower underlying EBITDA, and higher cash paid for capital expenditures. Working capital and cash tax favorability was driven by the deferral of more than $500 million in tax payments from various government relief programs into some of our geographies, in response to the coronavirus pandemic, of which a significant portion is expected to be paid in the second half of the year with the remaining amount to be paid in 2021. In North America, net sales revenue decreased 7.9% in constant currency. This decline was driven by brand volume declines and favorable shipment timing in the U.S. and lower contract brewing volumes. North American brand volumes decreased 7.8% as the on premise closures during the quarter more than offset the continued strains particularly in the U.S. in the off premise. In the U.S., brand volume decreased 5.2% complete to domestic shipment decline of 6.5% in the quarter. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 0.9% in constant currency, driven by favorable geographic mix, favorable package mix and net pricing increases in the U.S. and Canada, partially offset by negative brand and channel mix attributed to the shift of volume from the on premise to the off premise. In the U.S. net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 1%, driven by positive mix with favorable package mix more than offsetting negative brand mix in addition to the net pricing price. In Canada, negative mix more than offset the net pricing increases, while in Latin America, net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis declines. Underlying EBITDA increased 13.8% in constant currency as MD&A reductions more than offset the unfavorable impacts to gross profit from lower volume. The MD&A reductions was driven by cost mitigation actions take, the shifting of certain marketing spend and reduce discretionary spending, limited new hiring and travel restrictions. In additionally, we continue to deliver cost savings related to the revitalization plan. Turning to Europe, which is more heavily skewed towards the on premise, net sales on a reported basis, decreased 42.4% in constant currency due to lower volumes and lower net sales for hectoliter, reflecting the impact from the coronavirus. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume faces declined 12.7% in constant currency, driven by unfavorable channel and geographic mix, particularly the bigger impact to the high margin U.K. business, as well as slightly unfavorable net pricing. Financial volume decreased 24.8%, and brand volume, decreased 21.4% with only partial on premise opening seen during Q2 in some of our smaller European markets. Europe's underlying evidence of $31 million decrease 66.9% on a constant currency basis reaches the prior, driven by gross margin impacts of volume declines and cost inflation, partially offset by lower MD&A expenses as a result of cost mitigation action items falling the coronavirus pandemic as well as lower incentive compensation. In Europe, brand volumes were down 21.4% in Q2, driven back closures of on premise accounts, restoring full force at the beginning of the quarter and began to lift only in certain smaller markets in Central and Eastern Europe towards the end of the quarter. The U.K. did not reopen until July 4. Our relative share position in Europe is significantly higher in the on-premise channel than in the off-premise, so we expect to be disproportionately impacted by the closures in this channel and expect share losses during the shutdown period. In the off premise, we were initially not able to meet the full demand following the abrupt channel shift due to our level of capacity and actions particularly safety of our people, the business direction has increased significantly during the quarter as we have taken measures to increase capacity while not compromising on the safety of our people. Based on 2019 results, our on-premise business in Europe comprised approximately 50% to 55% of NSR, and a higher portion of our gross margin. While in the second quarter, nearly all of our sales in Europe were from off-premise. We are taking significant steps in reducing spending for both capital investments and expense and have taken steps around cash collections to minimize collection risk. As actions prolonged closures or limited reopening of the on-premise business will continue to have a meaningful impact on our European and total company gross margin and profitability, which takes me to our financial outlook. On March the 27th, we withdrew our guidance due to uncertainty driven by the coronavirus pandemic. With the continued spread of the virus and the release of certain on-premise reopening that uncertainty remains as a result, we have determined not to reinstate guidance at this time. The pandemic continues to impact our business due to on-premise losses across all our geographies and disproportionately in Europe. We take negative trends in volume, NSR, mixed and unfavorable fixed cost absorption in COGS will continue for the foreseeable future. The strength of demand in the off-premise has been unprecedented, but it has not fully offset the on-premise losses and while the current on-premise trends continue, we don't expect that any increase in total off-premise volumes, due to channel shifting will be sufficient to offset the on-premise losses. Also we expect the industry wide supply constraints on [Indiscernible] cans will remain an issue for us in Q3. However, due to our proactive, we expect domestic shipment trends in the U.S. to be higher than brand volume trends, as we build inventories for the balance of the year. As it pertains to MG&A, we expect our marketing investment to increase in the second half of the year in North America to support our core brands as well as innovations like [Indiscernible] and August launch of Coors seltzer. Some of the things will be dependent on a number of factors including the anticipated return of live sports. Finally, we also want to call out some unfavorable G&A means comparison as we will be starting lower incentive compensation, particularly long-term incentive compensation from the prior year in both the food in fourth quarter as well as a non-recurring vendor benefits in the U.S. in quarter four of last year. Notwithstanding the current environment, our continued desire is to maintain our investment-grade rating and we have taken a number of steps to ensure we protect our balance sheet and put ourselves in the best position to best navigate the coronavirus pandemic. As it pertains to our borrowing capability, during the second quarter, we repaid the full $1 billion that was outstanding on our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility or RCF. As a result, we had no borrowings on outstanding on our RCF at the end of the second quarter. We had approximately $200 million of commercial paper outstanding as of June 30th, 2020, resulting in available capacity under RCF at the 30th of June of $1.3 billion. In addition, in May 2020, we established a £300 million commercial paper facility for our U.K. business. We did not issue commercial paper under this facility in the second quarter and therefore had no balance outstanding at quarter end. Unlike the U.S. commercial paper facility, this UK facility does not impact the capacity of the RCF, but as an incremental £300 million borrowing capacity for our business. In June 2020, we entered in the main RCF which favorably revises the leverage ratios under the financial maintenance covenants for the next six fiscal quarters starting with June 30, 2020. Our near term liquidity position was further improved by Board decision in May to suspend quarterly dividend for the remainder of the 2020 fiscal year, as well as the benefits of the CapEx and cost reductions discussed on our first quarter call. During the first quarter we announced a reduction in 2020 capital expenditures by approximately $200 million and those reductions remain on target without sacrificing our ability to invest in necessary safety and maintenance projects as well as capital investments that delivery cost savings and high return growth initiatives, such as significant investments in hard seltzer in our Fort Worth brewery. Amidst the backdrop of this global pandemic, we are very pleased with our Q2 financial performance, our progress in improving liquidity, and efforts to advance our long-term goals for the business. While we are confident in our ability to achieve long-term success, we are mindful of the challenges and continued uncertainty that lie ahead. During this time of great uncertainty, our management and board will continue to take prudent and proactive actions which are in the best interests of the company, our employees, consumers, customers and our stockholders. Our decisions will be guided by, and consistent with the company’s overall financial discipline, ensuring adequate liquidity and our continued desire to maintain our investment grade rating. Our actions remain focused on doing what is best not only in the near-term, but positioning the business for medium and long-term success. With that, thank you for your time and attention, and I'll turn it back to Jamie for Q&A.
Operator: Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Kevin Grundy from Jefferies, Please go ahead with your question.
Kevin Grundy: Hey, good morning everyone. And I hope that you're doing well. Gavin, I wanted to pick up on the company's hard seltzer strategy. Maybe we could talk a little bit about U.S. and then you mentioned international as well. So on the U.S. side, probably just the State of the Union, I have a number of questions with respect to Vizzy and where you believe that sourcing share and your early impressions there and market share potential for that brand? And then, as your rollout Coors Light, what have been sort of the learnings here with Vizzy launch. How do you intend to keep your distributors focused on both brands to hopefully ensure that both of them are success? And then just qualitatively, I wouldn't expect you to talk about how much you intend to spend behind it of course, but just qualitatively, maybe you can share with folks how big a priority it is for Molson Coors to be successful in this category? And then just a brief follow-up on Europe. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin Good morning. And yep, we're all well here and also same applies side. Look, we've got a very clear strategies for hard seltzers are concerned. And we're being pretty smart about how we execute these two new entrants of ours. Obviously, first and foremost, we're focusing on Vizzy, which we launched in April and then Coors Seltzer, Kevin its not Coors Light seltzers, its Coors Seltzer in August. I think it's clear that this seltzers -- hard seltzers segments is going to be a huge segment, and there's room for multiple brands and multiple solutions. From our perspective, we're making sure that we've got very clear point of differences with our two entrants. So Vizzy, obviously has got a very clear point of difference with its acerola cherry which is high antioxidant vitamin C, and based on what we're seeing from consumers and the demand for this product, we're actually very confident that the proposition is, is resonating well and will continue to resonate well. And to that end, we kicked off a TV and video online campaign, this week so you know the early signs very promising. Coors seltzer comes in August. People are in this coronavirus pandemic turning to known and trusted brands and the Coors brand best fit -- is the best foot to play in a space based on our testing, particularly with its Rocky Mountain freshness and water heritage. And it's also got a clear point of difference, Kevin. It’s the first hard seltzer with a social mission, we're partnering with change, of course. And then on top of that it is a great tasting product just like Vizzy is. As far as sourcing is concerned, look I mean, it is coming from everywhere, obviously, but the majority of seltzer -- hot seltzer sourcing is coming from outside of beer, which is very positive for the beer category and beer segment. From within the beer category, we are seeing craft and flavored malt beverages as being big sources of that which is coming from the beer category. From a shelf space point of view, it should be coming from obviously underperforming items which right now would include craft and certain slower moving, FMBs [ph]. It shouldn't be coming at the expense of the faster moving economies and premium locks. As far as our spend is concerned well as Tracey said in the -- in her opening remarks, we are expecting to increase our marketing spend in the second half of the year versus the second half of last year, and you can assume that a decent chunk of that will be going behind our Vizzy and Coors seltzer launches. And then you said you had a follow-up on Europe?
Kevin Grundy: Yeah. That -- you just mentioned that the company is pursuing the hard seltzer category in Europe as well. So White Claw has announced that they're investing in Western Europe truly seems to be domestically focused. Just perhaps comment on the opportunity, relative to the U.S. market and how big of an investment the company plans to make behind the category there?
Gavin Hattersley: Well, in Europe we have recently signed a deal with Miami Cocktail’s with -- you know, Bodega Bay its the first, one of the early entrants into the seltzer market there. I'm going to keep a little bit close to my chest some of our other plans around seltzer because we haven't been public about it in Europe, Kevin. But you can assume that we will be showing up there, beyond just bigger Bodega Bay.
Kevin Grundy: Very good. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you. Operator: Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet from Guggenheim. Please go ahead with your question.
Laurent Grandet: Hey, good morning, Gavin and Tracey. So two questions from me. The first one, regarding the UK, as the size of the UK entrants recovery is significant for your sales [ph] but online. Could you please give us [indiscernible] Europe reopening is happening. I know started -- reopening since July 4? And what’s the typical right level of inventory in that channel?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks. So, as far as the onpremise in Europe is concerned, you can divide it up into Central Europe and Western Europe. Central Europe opened up – started to open up in the second quarter. And we quite quickly got above the sort of 50% level of pubs and restaurants were opening, but obviously they were at reduced capacity. And we've seen the, that sort of level -- level out in this – in the sort of 70% to 80% of pubs and restaurants opening. Volume impact is obviously greater than that because of the lower capacity and social distancing processes and procedures that they've got. Obviously, tourism has been very hard hit in Central Europe, particularly in countries like we operate in Czech Republic, Croatia, and so on. From a U.K. point of view, on-premise was pretty much non-existence for most of the second quarter. I think – started opening up on July 4th weekend and again same scenario, we have seen a decent proportion of on-premise and outlets reopen, but again at lower capacities and lower volume levels. As far as inventory is concerned in both the U.K. and Central Europe, our on-premise supply for kegs is not an issue at this point in time. Our constraint is more in the off-premise, which has seen a similar surge as we've seen in the North American business.
Laurent Grandet: Thanks. And my second question is really about the U.S. and the academy and Lite beer segment. So as we're entering into a recession, we could expect consumer and actually some of your wholesalers are saying this that we trade down to more affordable brands. So, is it something that you can confirm. And do you have experience some past recession that you could share with us?
Gavin Hattersley: No, we haven't actually seen that this time around yet, certainly support for our premium lots both premium itself had been strong and we haven't seen a lot of trade down into the economy segment. Now that might still come given some of the actions which national governments have taken in terms of support for the – for unemployed folk, but we haven't seen that to date. In prior recessions we've actually have seen ongoing support for premium and above premium brands but at the same time as some focus have traded down. So at this point in time we're not seeing it.
Laurent Grandet: Okay. Thank you very much. Good luck, guys.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you. Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks, good morning. First thing I was hoping to get some color on was the COGS per hectoliter in the quarter and how to think about that going forward. I know Trace you mentioned that you had a one-time benefit from the favorable property tax situation. But, you know, by my math that was, you know, not quite half but a good portion of the upside to earnings in the quarter, and so as we think forward and think about marketing going up to support all the innovation you're doing. I just wanted some perspective on how to think about COGS per hectoliter. Thanks.
Tracey Joubert: Hi, Lauren. Yes, as we seen underlying COGS per hectoliter and constant currency increase by 0.4%. And so we had volume deleverage, which would account for around 250 basis points. And we also had the thank you pay, which we had a portion of that in the COGS line. And then offsetting there, the favorable resolution to the property tax appeal and was just under 100 basis points. And then obviously we had favourability coming from cost savings, as well. So, hopefully, that is huge – that is helpful for you. And just to notice – yes, just to notice Lauren, the 100 basis points for the property tax appeal is sitting in an unusual – sorry, that is an unusual and that's why we called it off.
Lauren Lieberman: So in the – the cost savings then were very, very strong, and the platform, so could you maybe just give us a little bit more color on your new productivity initiatives or things that were going on there that may well be part of the longer term restructuring plans. But, again, even if I ex-out that tax benefit, the costs were – actually would have come through, you know, much, much better, I think, than most people have modeled. And with the amount of volume deleverage there is. So how much that cost savings can prove sticky? Because that would give a lot of support to the P&L and EBITDA growth looking ahead.
Gavin Hattersley: Lauren, maybe I'll just give a couple of toplines and then Trace can add color to it. But, we're very pleased with how our revitalization plan is going, notwithstanding the circumstances in which were -- which were operating. I'm enormously proud of how all of our people, actually, but mostly the supply chain and procurement operations are functioning during what is clearly a very, very difficult time. Our breweries are operating as efficiently as I can remember them and I've been here for quite some time now. So, that is certainly helping COGS. And our revitalization plan, as far as cost goes, is on track.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. I mean, we’ve mentioned cost savings around the $600 million for the next three years and as Gavin said, we’re well on track to hit the target.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. That's great. And then, if I could just ask a second question. I mean, clearly, as you’ve said, you're making great progress with the transformation plan; we're seeing it in the COGS that we just talked about. But when we think about balance sheet and I know that you guys have -- there's been quite a bit in the media around, I quote, strategic review, there's been debate about Europe. I’m just wondering, if there's other assets you have that may not be strategic and could give you more flexibility from balance Sheet standpoint. So, for example, I believe you still have, I guess, one distribution business, which maybe is a bit of like a legacy position. And I'm just curious, if you're kind of thinking about non-core assets within the context of this transformation plan is, it may give you some more flexibility on the balance sheet.
Gavin Hattersley: Lauren, let me take that one. I'm just not going to get into engaging in all the rumors and hypotheticals and speculation that goes on outside of our organization. Our decisions that we're making right now to navigate the coronavirus and the global economic downturn have and will continue to be guided by the two principles I've spoken about first. Right? Putting our people first and mitigating the short term business risks. And then, secondly, ensuring that the actions we take today during this pandemic position our business to succeed in the long term. And as it regards our distribution company, we love our distribution company in Denver, it gives great learnings for us to help our sales folk and our operations folk, learn and be put in a better position to know what it's like on the other side of the desk, so to speak and just – we believe, makes us significantly better partners to our other distributors around the country.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks a lot. I really appreciate it.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you. And I hope all is well. My question is on the performance in states or markets that you have been seeing a resurgence in cases. And are you seeing the same level of the off-premise of uptick versus what you saw in March and April? And just a clarification on a point I made about marketing spending in the second half. Should we expect marketing to go back to the second half of 2019 levels so in other words flat year-over-year or even higher, due to the launches, especially as the seltzers launch, and should we see part of the sales in the first half go through or in other words like because it doesn't make sense to increase promotions now that at home consumption is so strong? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. So I'll take your second question first. At the beginning of the pandemic, we obviously took really quick action with our marketing spend in basically three ways, we right-size the overall spend. We delayed some spending on new products and we shifted media to consumer relevant channels with consumer relevant messaging. We made sure that we prioritized our spin behind our big trusted core brands like Blue Moon and Miller Lite and Coors Light. We did choose to delay some other significant spend behind certain products, due to change. The chain resets were delayed and consumer behavior in stores, just changed fundamentally, and we also shifted our media to channels like Twitch and YouTube and Reddit and Hulu, where our consumers were migrating to. In fact, we created a significant number of new programming at very short notice, like the Miller Lite’s virtual tip jar and the Coors Lights America could use a beer campaign which both of which connected extremely well with consumers. So our focus has been to maintain top of Top of Mind awareness for our for our big brands. As far as the remainder of the year is concerned, as we discussed and Tracey said, we expected – our marketing spend in the second half of this year to be higher than the second half of last year. So to answer your question directly we expect right now that the six months, remaining in this year will be higher than the in the second six months in 2019. We're going to make sure we've got strong pressure behind. Big trusted brands like Miller Lite and Coors Light. And we're going to draw a crowd n awareness behind our new innovations of Vizzy and Coors seltzer and Blue Moon – Blue Moon LightSky. But just as we've shown in Q2, we'll obviously monitor what's happening around us, and if things change, we've shown that we can, that we can pivot, our marketing as A - as appropriate. As far as your first question is concerned look it's quite a tough question to answer. We haven't seen that, a huge spike that we saw in that one week in March, but certainly the continued off premise trains in some of the states we've seen opening – openings and then closings again of on-premise outlook has continued,
Andrea Teixeira: And just to – this is super helpful, Gavin. Just to clarify, when you say the second half, like MD&A as in total or just marketing will be up, we'll just see to say that your cost savings that you just discussed in the prior question will kind of fund these increase or in other words should we say, margins will be under more pressure, or actually not so much pressure in the second half?
Gavin Hattersley: Couple of ways that I can answer that question, one is we're definitely going – based on what we know now we're going to increase our marketing spend in the second half our revitalization cost savings will continue to flow through, but as Tracy mentioned, there are some one off items which were beneficial to us in the second half of – of last year which won't obviously be in the second half of this year. So we're not giving a specific guidance on that, but that's broadly how you should look at it.
Andrea Teixeira: That's helpful. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivien Azer from Cowen. Please go ahead with your question.
Vivien Azer: Hi, good morning. Thank you. Gavin I was hopping to follow-up on a comment that you made earlier in regards to where you think hard seltzer shelf space should be coming from right here you correctly that you think craft should be shared donor?
Gavin Hattersley: Good morning, Vivien. And yes craft should be -- underperforming craft brands should be a shared donor. My comment really relates to the word underperforming, right. And there are number of underperforming craft brands that exist out in various channels and that should be a shared owner. The same would apply to slow moving underperforming flavored malt beverages.
Vivien Azer: Okay. That makes sense and curious, do you think that below premium should be share donor as well because it seems to be the leading laggard if you will, on a sub category basis? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Not at the extensive faster turning sub premium economy brands Vivien. And we've always said all segments matter and they do, to an earlier question was, we haven't seen an impact of trade and one can assume that that will happen if the consumer spending unemployment remains fairly challenged into the back half of this year and into next.
Vivien Azer: That's helpful. Thanks. If I can squeeze one more. On Vizzy, any insights in terms of your underlying consumer demographics because we're starting to get some of that detail from your peers? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah, look Vizzy is being well received by all consumer demographics, but particularly by the 21 to 29 year old.
Vivien Azer: Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Powers from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead with your question.
Steve Powers: Yeah, thanks. Hey, guys. So you talked about this to a degree in the prepared remarks, but is there a way you could give us a little more color on the supply constraints that you're facing throughout the value chain as we stand here today. Maybe a bit more perspective on just how thin shell inventories are, as we enter August? And then ultimately your line of sight to be able to more fully catch up on that. Clearly you want to ship above consumption in the back half, but I just trying to get a little bit more sense for where we are today and what the magnitude of that might be as we progress through the to the next couple quarters?
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Thanks Steve. Good morning. Look, I mean, as I said in my opening remarks and as you referenced, right, we're producing and shipping can beer at significantly higher rates than we have in recent years. The demand for 12 ounce cans is just unprecedented and our competitors in the alcoholic and non-alcoholic space are seeing it as well. For us, this has been more pronounced for the 12 ounce tall slim can, and then also the strong success of Vizzy and Blue Moon LightSky that has also added to the pressure. We've addressed this in a number of ways. One is we have suspended production of slower moving products packaged in the 12 ounce cans, so that we can fulfill our faster moving packs. And we've had to adjust orders from wholesalers for some packages to balance supply levels across the country. We are seeing the situation begin to improve with respect to the 12 ounce industry standard can and so some of the slower moving products will start to turn those back on in the weeks ahead. But we do remain tight on the quiz like 12, talking. And that will probably continue impacting us through summer. It is, of course, dependent upon on premise closures or reopenings. We also did have some packaging supply constraints, specifically for paperboard, but our suppliers making progress. As far as they're concerned as well, so I think Tracy said in her opening remarks, I mean it is our intention to ship to consumption for the full year and -- yeah, I think that's about it.
Steve Powers: Okay. That's helpful. If I could -- I mean it maybe little bit more theoretical, but just given where your balance sheets have stay in current leverage level, and your desire to remain investment grade, which is clear. Do you see any constraints at all on your ability to invest more aggressively than planned? If optimistically you get the sense of conditions unexpectedly improving. I’m just trying to get at whether or not there's a risk that you may have to be a bit more patient versus some of your more underleveraged competitors, which just could have place much is [ph] under pressure if we encounter such a point of demand inflection.
Gavin Hattersley: I don’t [ph] say it in a couple of ways. Tracey can answer the EBITDA ratios as it relates to the end of the second quarter on 12-month trailing basis and where we are. But, it certainly hasn't constrained us from investing behind what we think are going to be very successful entrance. And, a point to our Fort Worth expansion of both canning line and a filtration system that neither of those were necessarily planned into this year and we've made and have full board support to invest a meaningful amount of money behind our -- ourselves a portfolio. I think it's also you can draw the same conclusion from the fact that we're increasing our marketing spend in the back half of the year or that's our current plan is to do that based on current circumstances. So I think what I'm saying is we are quite willing and able to invest where we believe we need to invest to be successful for the long-term. That really plays, Steve, to my point about doing things in the short-term, but not hobbling us for the long-term. Do you just want to comment on our ratio for the...
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. So I’m agreed we’ve been making an, obviously, really good progress and again even leverage ratio is obviously -- quarter-by-quarter is different. But, if I look at leverage ratio at the end of -- or our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio at the end of June, on a trailing 12-month basis, that we’re around 3.4 times. So, that's an improvement from the end of the year, the end of last year. So, we'll continue to focus on debt and debt paid on at leverage ratio as it is our desire to maintain our investment grade rating.
Steve Powers: Great. That's all. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Bryan Spillane: Thank you operator, and good morning, Gavin and Tracy.
Gavin Hattersley: Good morning.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. So my question is just related to the marketing spend in the back half of the year, and I guess there's kind of two components to it. One is, there's a lot of companies across our food and beverage coverage universe, who are also planning to have plans to shift their marketing spend to the second half of the year. So, curious if there's a lot of demand for advertising channels, if that creating any kind of inflation or, competition for the airtime and maybe does it cost more? And then the second would be, even that you're not going to be spending a lot more in the back half of the year, just curious how you're thinking about the effectiveness of that spend given it being concentrated in a short period of time. So just how do you sort of, think about the return on investment or just how you're planning to spend just given that it's kind of unusual to have such a back catalogue plan?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Brian. To answer your first question, no, we haven't seen that, I think, as many marketeers are upping their spend in the second half because it makes sense there are some industries where it still doesn't make sense. On Premise national trends would be an example, so the short answer is no, we haven't seen any impact from that perspective. The second part is the effectiveness of the spend and actually we saw some results in the late last week or earlier this week that showed that the marketing effectiveness on some of our programs in the second quarter was as high as we've seen them in quite some time and I'm referring to campaigns like the Miller Lite's virtual tip jar and Coors Light America could use a beer [ph]. So, marketing effectiveness and return on investments actually getting better not worse than I would expect that to be the case in the second half, given the programs that we've got coming.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks. If I can just follow up on one more it. How much of the spending plans in the back half of the year are dependent on live sport -- coming back to a fuller schedule so like if the NFL ended up with a shorter season, or there's no NFL in for some reason in the back half. Would that at all affect your, your spending plan?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, it would I mean it would probably affect how much we spend but it would also affect where we would spend. Our marketing team have been very nimble in second quarter adjusting on the fly, so to speak, given that we weren't expecting a pandemic and shifting our spend into place where our consumers are. So right now we're obviously expecting full NFL season and we've got majorly Baseball underway and hockey starting and the NBA starting. But that should change I've got to target, based on what they did in the second quarter I've got absolute confidence that we will be able to be nimble in the third and we would adjust to us been dependent on whether it was effective or not.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks Gavin.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rob Ottenstein from Evercore. Please go ahead with your question.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. I just want to kind of go back to a couple of big topics. The canned situation in hard seltzer so on the canned side could have you quantified or ballpark. What you think your last sales were in the quarter, due to out of stocks, and maybe remind us what percentage of your business las year was in canned and what percentage, it is this year and I'm assuming that's that you know movement to canned that’s driving that positive mix.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. Look I mean from a from a lost sales point of view. Now I'm not going to quantify that I mean obviously we have lost some sales. There's two methods of determining out of stocks right. Out of stocks that are at wholesaler and out of stock on the shelf and obviously the former tends to be higher than the latter because of the way the whole system works. So, I'm quite sure that we've that we have lost some retail sales, but consumers have been shifting between package types when they preferred package type is not available. I'd also pointed that we are shipping more canned beer then we have in many, many years, Robert. As far as the as the mix is concerned look, I'm not -- I think, I can refer you to historic numbers in our 10-K. As far as the can and bottling can that is concerned, I'm not going to get into that now. I just feel it's a little competitively sensitive right now. As you can assume that cans in Europe, we're pretty low in the second quarter and came off a lot in the North American business. The bottles for the same reason would have come off, because there's a strong on premise component too that as well. We are excited to say that our top ten fastest growing SKUs at the moment are canned.
Rob Ottenstein: Just in terms of dealing with the can situation, how much price increase do you think, you're going to have to see in the second half of the year or in the next year, given the extreme shortage on cans?
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Robin, we don't talk about pricing as it relates to the ideas, I would say to you though, our partners have been tremendous partners with us from a supplier point of view. And, also obviously, is, is an uptick in input costs to source can from South Africa, or from an Africa or from a Middle East. The aluminium price is also a bit of an offset to that. So our partners have been superb from this perspective.
Rob Ottenstein: Great, great. And then just one follow-up on, core seltzer, a tough, tough time of the year to bring in a new product. Can you talk about where retailers are in terms of their shelf sets and a getting a lot mixed messages on that front? Some suppliers saying, it's just not even going to happen this year. Others say they expect something in the fall. So I love to hear from you on that. And then, based on that around that, what is your sense of the kind of shelf space commitments that you're hearing from your top retail partners?
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Hey. It's not the easiest time to launch a new innovation. Robert you're right. But moving in Alaska and busy or off to and off to very strong starts notwithstanding that. The reaction that we've received from our retailers, particularly the chain customers for Coors seltzer sell throughs is very strong. I'm very pleased with the chain placements that we've that we've received. And if the initial orders from our distributor are any indication of success, then we're going to get off to a very strong start.
Rob Ottenstein: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Bonnie Herzog: Hi. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I actually want to circle back on your marketing spend, just asked a few questions, but maybe asked a little differently. First, you pull back a lot in the quarter. So I guess I wanted to understand from you, if you see a potential risk, have a disproportionate negative impact on your top line in Q3 or maybe even Q4, since typically there is a lag effect on spending? I guess you guys see any signs of this so far. Maybe some color on your trends in July, would be helpful to hear.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie. Look, when remember the MG&A cut is both North America and Europe. And so we have pulled back, the team in Europe has done a tremendous job prioritizing spend and pulling back spend based on fact that we do out of our index to the on premise in Europe. And obviously it was nonexistent in the U.K. for three months of the year. As far as hurting our brands? No, in fact, I have the opposite data, I think I said in response to an earlier question that the marketing effectiveness behind our corporate ends in North America is actually been -- has actually been very positive. And when you look at it quiz like segment share, I think it had its highest segment share ever in the second quarter. And Miller High Life deliver the 23rd consecutive segment share growth. So we're not seeing that; in fact, we're seeing somewhat of the -- of the opposite.
Bonnie Herzog: Gavin, can you share how your trends have been in July just to give you -- give us a sense of how the business has been trending as maybe, we're seeing some openings in the last few weeks, granted things are shutting down again. So just curious to hear how your business has been performing?
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Bonnie, we went off giving short term sales trends many years ago. We gave it last quarter because we thought it was helpful given -- right in the middle of the pandemic. But we don't, we don't believe that the short term trend is terribly helpful to the market. So we don't plan to give that.
Bonnie Herzog: Okay. And if just one final quick question, if I may kind of circling back on sort of the canned shortage situation. I'm just curious because you have a joint venture with Ball Corp, so it'd be helpful if you maybe could give us a little more color on that relationship. And if in fact it might be giving you a bit of an advantage during this difficult period for the entire industry because obviously it's an industry wide issue. So I'm just wondering how that may or may not help you just giving you again, your relationship with Ball Corp? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah, Ball has been a tremendous partner of us during this pandemic Bonnie, just like we’re constrained, they're constrained and they've helped us look for cans around the globe. So I can't say enough positive about our partners during this time. As far as our joint venture is concerned, they're primarily produces the Queensland toll and obviously the Keystone toll and we running that planters as hard and as fast as can. And it would be giving us an advantage at this point in time. But it is still very constrained, given the huge demand that we've had for peers like large packs, primarily that that plant is running effectively and efficiently.
Bonnie Herzog: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Kirk from MKM Partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Bill Kirk: Hi, thanks everyone. I know you won't give the July trends and that's fine, but maybe just help me with my math inter quarter for the reported period. If U.S. brand volumes started in April at minus 14 and ended at minus five, does that imply May and June were roughly minus one year-over-year, is that kind of the exit rate that you ended the quarter in for brand volumes in the U.S.?
Gavin Hattersley: Look, I think we can say that our global brand volumes did sequentially improve. And obviously, given that the first few weeks in July, we said was down 14 and we ended up at five. You can do the math as you've clearly done before, but we're not going to give month to month retail sales.
Bill Kirk: Okay. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: I am sorry, April, sorry, down 14 was April. Yeah. Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we’ll conclude today's question and answer session. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Greg Tierney: Sure. Thanks you everybody. Again, thanks for joining us today. Just wanted to remind everyone and point to folks that our 10-K has been filed and has all of the details on our segment reporting as well as both U.S. GAAP and non-GAAP measures and then again, please -- looking forward to reaching out to all you. Please do not hesitate to reach us immediately. This is Greg Tierney again if you have any questions. Look forward to speaking to you soon. Thanks so much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that will conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Participants can find related slides on the Investor Relations page at Molson Coors' website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. Please note, today's event is being recorded.  With that, I will turn the conference over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of SP&A and Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Greg Tierney: Thank you, Eric, and hello, everybody. Following prepared remarks today from Gavin and Tracey, we'll take your questions. [Operator Instructions]. To the extent you have technical questions on the quarter, we will ask that you pick those up with me in the days and weeks that follow.  Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations and projections contained in such statements are disclosed in the company's filings with the SEC. The company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release or otherwise available on the company's website at www.molsoncoors.com. And also unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars.  So with that, I'll turn it over to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg, and thanks, everybody, for joining us this morning. It's safe to say that the first quarter of 2020 was unlike any other in our company's long history. We came out of a significant restructuring in Q4 of 2019 that was designed to free up resources to invest back in our business.  In the early parts of Q1, we saw mounting confidence and enthusiasm for our plans and for our brands internally and externally. But in late February, that was interrupted by a tragic shooting at our Milwaukee brewery. And for the past few months, the entire global economy has been disrupted by the continued spread of coronavirus and the efforts to contain it. In a few short months, the landscape for all businesses has changed, not only for our industry but for all of industry. And so necessarily, the metrics by which we measure our business have also changed.  What you will see today is that in the short term, we are making adjustments and no longer measuring ourselves against the 5 components of the revitalization plan that we outlined for the past 2 quarters, which was a demonstration of how we were reapplying savings generated by the restructure. Rather, we are looking at 2 overarching yet simple metrics: firstly, taking the necessary steps to protect our employees and to mitigate the immediate business challenges of the coronavirus; and secondly, positioning our business to succeed in the medium and long term as we enter a new normal. That's the context of what we will discuss today.  I do think it's important to discuss what we are accomplishing before the pandemic hit in full force. Before the impact of coronavirus became widespread throughout North America and Europe, we were making progress against the revitalization plan. We continued to invest and maintain momentum with our iconic core brands, including continued positive share of segment trends for Miller Lite and Coors Light in January and February.  This provides further evidence that our marketing campaigns, It's Miller Time and Made to Chill, are resonating with new legal-age drinkers. And in Europe, we ended February showing total volume growth and growth in our national champion brands, including Carling.  We were also seeing early positive signs around our big innovation bets in the above premium segment. In the U.S., Blue Moon LightSky and Saint Archer Gold both started the year off strong. Per Nielsen for the 4 weeks ended April 11, they are both top 10 brands in case share for new products launched nationally this year.  And we recently launched Vizzy Hard Seltzer and Movo canned wine spritzers nationally, both of which are generating significant excitement from distributors and retailers. In Europe, we were growing above premium brands in February with double-digit growth in our craft portfolio. And in Latin America, in February, we were growing volume 18% versus the prior year.  We also made progress in our organizational restructure. We recently finalized our European organization, which means our entire organizational structure is now set. We are now focused on transitioning all work to the in-state organization. And we have been very successful in starting to generate the expected revitalization plan savings. Though in the short term, we are using these dollars to protect our cash and liquidity position, given the uncertainty in the economy.  Despite the early progress in our revitalization plan, our Q1 results were disproportionately affected by 2 events: the first was coronavirus, which I'll talk more about shortly; and the second was the horrific shooting at our Milwaukee brewery. While this may have been a passing tragedy for those outside the company, it impacted every employee in different ways. It changed the employee experience in our company forever, and it materially impacted sales to wholesalers in late February and early March.  The brewery was shut down for an entire week. And when it reopened, it took a few days to get back to full capacity. This downtime affected shipment levels in March. And together with the pantry load that took place during the last half of March, resulted in lower-than-planned distributor inventory at the end of the quarter.  This was a major moment in the history of our company. We lost friends and colleagues. People lost a sense of security. And the culture issues that were raised following this shooting must be addressed, and they will be addressed. We've already conducted listening sessions with brewery and corporate employees, and hired a new Director of Diversity Inclusion, to ensure we have a robust D&I strategy that's anchored in all areas of our business. And we will continue taking meaningful long-term actions to help build our culture and ensure we have a more diverse and inclusive workplace.  The second event that materially affected our Q1 results was coronavirus, a pandemic that has changed the world, not just for our business and our industry but for the entire global economy. Like everyone else, the full impact and what our new normal looks like going forward is still uncertain. The coronavirus has had and will have a material impact on our business.  With the financial impacts of coronavirus still very uncertain, we recently announced that we have withdrawn our financial outlook for 2020 and beyond. This remains true today as we will not be providing financial guidance on this call. We will, however, provide additional data to help you better understand our business and how it could be impacted by coronavirus.  As I mentioned earlier, the savings we continue to generate from our revitalization plan are being used to protect our cash and liquidity position. We expect a significant negative impact to revenue and profit due to the closing of on-premise accounts around the world. In many instances, the on-premise has been reduced to 0.  To help give you a sense of how we've been impacted, based on 2019 numbers, approximately 17% of our North American NSR comes from the on-premise. Pantry-loading did create a significant surge in off-premise sales in North America during the latter part of March across a number of our brands, benefiting our STR performance at the end of March. However, this pantry load has not continued into April. And while off-premise sales continue to perform well, we do not expect them to fully offset the loss of the on-premise volume.  In Europe, based on 2019 numbers, the on-premise channel accounts for approximately 50% to 55% of NSR. And it's even higher in the United Kingdom, our most profitable European market, where approximately 70% to 75% of NSR comes from the on-premise channel.  While we are benefiting from some pantry-loading and the shift of consumption to the off-premise, we expect the continued closure of the on-premise trade will have major implications for the performance of our European business in the second quarter in particular.  As I outlined earlier in the call, we are looking at 2 overarching yet simple metrics as we manage the impact from coronavirus: firstly, taking the necessary steps to protect our employees and mitigate the immediate business challenges of the coronavirus; and secondly, positioning our business to succeed in the medium and long term as we enter a new normal. That is how we have approached decision-making during the pandemic, and these 2 metrics will continue to guide our decision-making moving forward.  So when the crisis started, we took immediate steps to protect our employees, support our communities and ensure the continuity of our business. We implemented our crisis management and business continuity plans to guide decision-making, and our team have led us through the series of steps we have already taken.  We've implemented additional health and safety measures in our breweries and distribution centers, ensuring these federally and provincially designated essential operations can continue operating and we can protect our employees. We have stepped up cleaning, sanitization and hygiene and changed business practices to encourage social distancing. We instituted temperature screenings, provided cloth face masks and made hand sanitizer widely available for all employees who are continuing to work on site.  In North America, we created a new paid leave policy, adding up to 80 hours of paid leave to ensure anyone who contracts the coronavirus or is forced to self-quarantine can do so, without losing pay or being forced to use their normally allotted sick leave. We are thanking our essential North American brewery employees with a pay incentive of $5 per hour for hourly employees and $200 per week for salaried employees who are continuing to work on site. And we created a voluntary paid leave program in North America. So any employee deemed by federal health authorities to be at high-risk can receive paid leave of 60% of their regular wages. And we instituted an unpaid leave program for any employee who doesn't feel safe coming to work.  We are also supporting our communities most impacted by coronavirus across North America and Europe. We're using marketing plans, charitable efforts and industry trade associations to support service professionals in on-premise locations. We are helping truck drivers across North America and homeless shelters in our communities by providing them with freshwater. We are also producing hand sanitizer to provide to our frontline employees and first responders in our local communities.  Consumer buying habits have changed significantly during the pandemic, and so we've also taken steps across North America and Europe to shift how we're marketing our brands. We have prioritized and shifted media to platforms where we expect higher viewership like gaming, online video and social media while suspending on-premise activation and reducing or eliminating other platforms that have been impacted.  We have also focused investments against our best-known brands to stay top of mind. With significant economic uncertainty, consumers are turning to big brands they trust. In fact, since pantry-loading began in mid-March in the United States, we're seeing industry share trends improve for both Coors Light and Miller Lite per Nielsen.  Both brands are seeing better share trends than in mid-March, and both are growing [indiscernible] share at an increasing rate. We will continue to meaningfully support these brands and look for ways to make them culturally relevant like we did with Miller Lite's virtual tip jar to support hospitality workers; and Coors Light social activation with Olive, the 93-year-old Pennsylvania grandmother, which generated over 2 billion PR impressions.  We also have a diverse portfolio of products, including a strong economy segment. In the U.S., our economy segment STRs, and in particular the Keystone family of brands, are performing well. We've always said that all segments matter, and that has never been truer than today as consumers seek value in these difficult times.  Clearly, this is a less-than-ideal time to launch new products, and that is why we have delayed some of our new innovations and test-and-learn launches for the time being to ensure they are best positioned to succeed when they do hit shelves. However, we remain very optimistic about the brands that have launched recently in Vizzy Hard Seltzer, Blue Moon LightSky, Saint Archer Gold and Movo canned wine spritzers. All of these brands have clear points of differentiation and are generating excitement from distributors and consumers.  Beyond the products we have in the market, we are also adapting the way we get them to consumers by accelerating our e-commerce efforts, subject to government regulations. We are partnering with a number of alcohol-delivery platforms and other click-and-mortar retail sites to merchandise and make it easier to find our beers online. We are launching new e-commerce tools like a product locator for online purchases.  We have also taken a number of financial actions to protect our balance sheet and put ourselves in the best position to weather the storm. We are reducing 2020 capital expenditures by approximately $200 million. We're substantially reducing discretionary spending, limiting new hiring and have furloughed certain employees within Europe and our North American hospitality businesses.  And we're taking a hard look at all of our marketing investments and eliminating anything that will not deliver value in the current environment. We will continue to take additional financial actions, if necessary. And our desire is to maintain our investment-grade rating.  It may be cliché, but these are uncertain times for all industries. We will continue to navigate this challenging time by mitigating the short-term risks and ensuring that we position the business to compete and win in the medium and long-term. So while we will continue to evaluate the situation and take all prudent and proactive actions that are in the best interest of the company in the medium and long-term, we will not take actions that could have unintended consequences to our future success.  Now I'll turn it over to Tracey for our Q1 financial results. Trace?
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello, everyone. I will first cover the quarter on a consolidated and regional basis then move to our outlook. With the uncertainty in the current environment, we'll all be giving additional forward visibility, including some April volume results, and offering a perspective on how we believe we will be impacted by the coronavirus as we move forward.  The April results are just one data point and represent only a portion of the second quarter but do give some visibility to the impact that we're seeing on our business now. We do not expect to continue to give this visibility on future calls.  So to recap the quarter. Net sales revenue decreased 8.2% in constant currency. This decline was largely driven by our undershipment position in North America coupled with the impacts of the coronavirus across the entire business. These impacts include volume declines; estimated net sales returns and reimbursements of $31.5 million, resulting mainly from the return of kegs related to the on-premise channel; as well as unfavorable mix. These impacts were partially offset by higher global net pricing.  Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis decreased 1.6% in constant currency, reflecting the impact of estimated net sales returns and reimbursements related to the on-premise impacts of the coronavirus as well as unfavorable mix, partially offset by positive pricing. While we continue to deliver positive pricing in the quarter, our mix was unfavorably impacted by the various market dynamics and consumer shifts caused by the coronavirus.  Specifically, the shutdown of on-premise locations, as well as timing of when stay-at-home orders went into place across our various markets, had an adverse impact on geographic mix. And notably, as many of our higher-end products are skewed towards the on-premise, the closure of these establishments had an unfavorable impact on our brand mix.  Worldwide brand volume decreased 1.8% driven by declines in Europe, while financial volumes decreased 8.3%, reflecting unfavorable shipment timing in the U.S. and lower contract brewing volumes. Underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 3.3% on a constant currency basis driven by volume deleverage and inflation, partially offset by cost savings. Underlying MG&A decreased 2.2% on a constant currency basis, driven by cost savings and targeted spend reductions, partially offset by a slight increase in marketing spend.  As a result, underlying EBITDA decreased 15.8% on a constant currency basis. Underlying free cash flow reflects a cash use of $216.6 million, which is $53.5 million favorable to prior year driven by favorable changes in working capital and lower interest payments, partially offset by lower underlying EBITDA and higher capital expenditures.  In North America, net sales revenue decreased 7.2% in constant currency. This decline was driven by unfavorable shipment timing in the U.S., including brewery downtime associated with the Milwaukee tragedy and lower contract brewing volumes, coupled with estimated net sales returns and reimbursements of $19 million driven by our keg return program. We anticipate that the U.S. undershipment position will largely reverse over the full year and expect the U.S. shipment trend to outperform U.S. brand volume trends in the second quarter.  North American brand volumes increased 0.4%, benefiting from the timing of trading days this year as well as the March pantry-loading in the U.S. Net sales per hectoliter, on a brand volume basis, decreased 1.3% in constant currency driven by the on-premise sales returns and reimbursement as well as unfavorable geographic mix, driven by increased license volume in Mexico, partially offset by net pricing growth.  Underlying EBITDA decreased 11.9% in constant currency due to lower financial volume and favorable mix and COGS inflation, partially offset by lower MG&A, cost savings in COGS and net pricing growth. The MG&A reduction was driven by cost savings related to the revitalization plan as well as cycling higher project costs in the prior year related to brewery systems implementation, partly offset by a slight increase in marketing spend around our new innovations that occurred early in the quarter such as Blue Moon LightSky and Saint Archer Gold. This spend was in line with our initial plans for 2020 prior to actions taken to mitigate the impacts associated with the coronavirus.  In North America and particularly in the U.S., we benefited from pantry-loading at the end of March that positively impacted our brand volumes, as sales to retailers in the U.S. finished the quarter, reflecting improved trends from earlier in the quarter. In the 4 weeks ended April 24, 2020, in the U.S., STRs were down 14.1% driven by lower premium and above premium brand trends with economy brand performance down 4.1% in the 4 weeks. We continue to see strong STR trends in the off-premise, but these trends are not fully offsetting the virtual elimination of the on-premise sales.  We expect the negative on-premise trends to continue while social isolation continues to be present, and expect that any increase in total off-premise volumes, due to channel shifting, will not be sufficient to offset the losses experienced in the on-premise. We estimate that this will result in negative trends in volume, NSR and mix versus our prior estimates and expect those trends to continue at least through the end of the year, and in particular, in the second quarter.  Turning to Europe. Net sales on a reported basis decreased 13.4% in constant currency due to lower volume, lower net sales per hectoliter and sales returns related to the on-premise impact resulting from the coronavirus. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis declined 5.2% in constant currency driven by unfavorable geographic mix, particularly due to the impact of a higher-margin U.K. business, partially offset by net positive pricing. Financial volume decreased 10%, and brand volumes decreased 8.5% as a result of the pandemic.  Europe's underlying EBITDA reflects a loss of $4.1 million compared to income of $13.5 million in the prior year driven by gross margin impacts of volume declines and cost inflation, partially offset by lower MG&A expenses as a result of cost-mitigation actions taken in response to the coronavirus pandemic.  In Europe. Brand volumes were down more than 20% in March driven by closures of on-premise accounts, which began roughly 1/3 of the way through the month. In the most recent 4 weeks, brand volumes are down approximately 40%. Our relative share position in Europe is significantly higher in the on-premise channel than in the off-premise. So we expect to be disproportionately impacted by the virtual shutdown of this channel, and expect share losses during the shutdown period.  In the off-premise, our capacity and staffing constraints will result in us not being able to meet the full demand of short-term channel shift. Based on 2019 results, our on-premise business comprised approximately 50% to 55% of NSR. We are taking significant steps in reducing spending for both capital and expense and have taken steps around cash collections to minimize collection risk. Despite these actions, a prolonged shutdown of the on-premise business, due to the coronavirus, will have a meaningful impact on European and total company gross margin and profitability.  This takes me to our financial outlook. On March 27, we withdrew our guidance due to uncertainty driven by the coronavirus pandemic. The pandemic is impacting our business due to on-premise losses across the entire business and disproportionately in Europe. We expect an outcome of lower volume, negative mix and unfavorable fixed cost absorption in COGS, while the on-premise channel remains shut down and slowly reopened. But the magnitude and duration of these impacts are still uncertain. Despite this risk, our continued desire is to maintain our investment-grade rating. And as Gavin mentioned, we are taking steps to ensure we protect our balance sheet and put ourselves in the best position to weather the storm.  Given the uncertainty, volatility and likely continued impact of the coronavirus, we continue to monitor and take proactive steps to ensure proper business continuity and adequate liquidity for our company. Therefore, we borrowed $750 million, effective March 13, and another $250 million, effective March 25 on our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility for an aggregate draw of $1 billion as at the end of March 2020. As of April 30, we had paid back $400 million on the RCF, leaving us with an aggregate draw of $600 million, and therefore, an additional $900 million of capacity to draw.  As we discussed earlier, we already have implemented a number of steps, including reducing our 2020 capital expenditures by approximately $200 million, substantially reducing discretionary spend, limiting new hiring, furloughing certain employees and significantly reducing marketing investments. In addition, we and our Board are actively evaluating various capital allocation options, including a suspension, reduction or temporary elimination of our dividend. Obviously, this is a very fluid situation as governments and companies evaluate the impacts of coronavirus and prepare for the reopening of the economy.  Our management and our Board will continue to take prudent and proactive actions, which are in the best interest of the company, our employees, consumers, customers and our stockholders as things become clearer in the rapidly evolving situation. Our decisions will be guided by and consistent with the company's overall financial discipline, ensuring adequate liquidity and our desire to maintain our investment-grade rating.  As we contemplate taking additional actions to navigate this unprecedented environment, we remain mindful of not taking any actions that would have unintended negative ramifications to our business or that would jeopardize our medium- or long-term success.  So with that, thank you for your time and attention. I'll turn it back to Greg for Q&A. Eric?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today will come from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan. 
Andrea Teixeira: I was just trying to get -- and I hope -- sorry, I hope all is well. I wanted to get a sense of the shipments, the STRs for on-premises against at-home. Obviously, we got the number for total. And I was just wondering if you have capacity and you have potential for improvement there in the at-home.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. I hope all is well with you as well. From an STR point of view, obviously, the on-premise is virtually shut across almost all of our markets. And we've had some significant SKU shifts into the off-premise. I think similar to other beverage companies, our pack mix has shifted quite fundamentally because of the differing shopping habits.  And so capacity has been, I would say, strained, mostly in the area of 12-ounce cans and folding cartons. It's not an issue that's unique to our business. It's across the whole beverage segment. So we're working with our packaging suppliers to prioritize SKUs. We're looking at qualifying alternative supply locations to help out with that.  I would say that we've had minimal out-of-stocks in our North American markets because of this, but we're running from an off-premise large pack point of view, pretty much flat out in North America. In Europe, we have had some capacity constraints, particularly in the United Kingdom given that, that market has been substantially more on-premise focused with less focus on off-premise. So we have had some out-of-stocks in the off-premise in Europe because we haven't been able to meet fully the demand. I hope that answers your question.
Andrea Teixeira: It does. And then, the other question would be on the marketing spend. I understand that you shifted and some of the discretionary spending may not be realized. So I wonder if you can kind of weave that comment with your cost savings and how we're looking because perhaps you had excess expenses now for keeping your employees safe. And obviously, unfortunate for the tragedy and my sentiment, and condolences to everyone impacted. So if we should be thinking that the impact will be lower as we progress in the year? Or unfortunately, that some of the things are -- you can change given the timing and some of them are fixed? So just to understand your fixed costs and expense ratio going forward.
Gavin Hattersley: It's got a lot of questions in there, I think, Andrea. So let me try and try to address them. And if I don't, you can come back again. But obviously, there's no doubt, it's a really challenging time for us, not just for our business but for everybody in our industry. And our focus, as I said, right now, is mitigating the short-term business challenges and positioning our business to succeed in the long-term.  From a sales to wholesalers point of view, the impact of the Milwaukee brewery tragedy, as Tracey, I think, said was from a shipments point of view in February and early March. And because of that, our inventory levels at the end of March were lower than we would have liked.  Subsequent to that time, our supply chain folks have done a tremendous job building our inventories back up again. And I would say that they are pretty much where we would like them to be, with the exception of shortages on some of our large pack sizes where we have some supply constraints from a packaging point of view. So we would expect shipments to wholesalers to migrate closer to sales, to retailers, in the second quarter.  From a marketing standpoint, consumers are still drinking lots of beer. In the U.S., 80% of our beer is consumed in the on-premise. Plans towards key platforms where we expected viewership to be higher like social gaming, podcasts, online video, over-the-top versus [indiscernible] and out-of-home, which is where we might have been before. We've enabled a large percentage of our creative to link to e-commerce beer purchases, so consumers can buy their favorite beers from the comfort and safety of their homes.  And finally, we've identified opportunities where our brands could meaningfully and authentically provide value. For example, for Miller Lite, we created the virtual tip jar in the first week of isolation. And in Canada, Molson has launched the "Raise One For Your Local" to support a lot of Canadian bars through gift cards by encouraging more virtual happy hours.  We will be eliminating marketing spend that doesn't add any value at the point of -- at this point in time, if it's focused on the on-premise or if it's focused in media channels, where our consumers happen to be. So as we were expecting a large increase in marketing spend in 2020, I don't think you can expect that right now.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian: So I wanted to delve into the U.S. STR result you gave for the first week of April a bit more. Obviously, on-premise is driving the overall weakness, but it's still worse than I would have expected even with that on-premise weakness. So just trying to better understand that performance in terms of what you're seeing by channel, in the off-premise in the U.S., in April to help decompose that a bit?  And then second, you highlighted the economy. Portfolio declines were a lot less severe than the premium brands in the April-to-date number. Is that more just due to channel mix shift away from on-premise? Or are you seeing trade-down within your portfolio in the off-premise channel already? And any forward thoughts on potential trade-down, both within your portfolio and from a beer category perspective? That would be helpful.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Dara. I'm not sure I'm going to get all of your questions. So if I miss something, just come back at me here. I think the first point is the retail sales, which Tracey gave in the U.S., was for the 4 weeks -- not the first week. I think you said first week, but it's actually the first 4 weeks of April. Obviously, the on-premise has reduced to virtually 0.  In the off-premise, we're seeing a meaningful shift into large pack sizes and into brands that consumers know and trust like Miller Lite and Coors Light. Miller Lite and Coors Light's performance has been particularly good as we've headed into April. We've seen -- we saw an acceleration behind Coors Light and Miller Lite behind our marketing initiatives in 2019, "Made to Chill" with Coors Light. The brand has seen sequential improvement in 3 straight quarters. And Q1 was actually the best share performance in 3 years, and April has continued on that trend.  And Miller Lite continues to do really well. We've set about a 22 quarters now of segment share growth, and it's actually growing dollar sales share in the latest 52 weeks. So our big known trusted brands, we're very pleased with.  The second part was our economy portfolio performance. And yes, we have seen an improvement in our economy portfolio, whether that's Keystone Light, whether that's Miller High Light. Hence, Steel Reserve are all brands, which are doing relatively much better in the first part of April than they were doing before. Did that answer all of your questions, Dara, or did I miss something?
Dara Mohsenian: It does. And then just one clarification within off-premise. Can you talk a little bit about the channel performance in the first 4 weeks, off-premise, and the divergence you're seeing from a channel perspective? And then also, consumer trade-down, just wanted a bit of a forward-look on your thoughts there and if that is likely to be significant in the industry.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, we've seen a strong growth in the grocery channel, particularly in large format. We have seen in sort of first part of the coronavirus, the C-store channel did not do as well as the larger format. It has had somewhat of a recovery since then, but it's still not performing as well as large format, which frankly is not surprising given the impulsive nature of many of the C-store purchases.  Our online sales channel has certainly seen a meaningful surge, as you would expect. And hence, we're focusing a lot of marketing activity in that direction and partnering with various online delivery platforms to make sure that our consumers see our brands and that they're top of mind. And we've also launched a product locator to help our consumers find out where our brands are. Hopefully, that answers your questions. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: I wanted to wish you well as you navigate through a clearly difficult environment. My question relates to debt leverage and to the dividend. So first, your debt covenant, a 4x net debt-to-EBITDA on a trailing basis. You mentioned some of the proactive steps the company is taking around cost and spending. However, based on where we sit today, I was hoping you could comment on your level of comfort with the covenant and what will undoubtedly be a challenging year. And then relatedly, with respect to the dividend, maybe you can put some guardrails around potential cuts or suspension to the dividend.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin, and thanks for the thoughts. I'll ask Tracey to handle those questions, if you don't mind.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Kevin, so look, we're aware of all of the current obligations under our credit agreement, and we're in compliance with them. As we said, we are taking a number of actions, which will help us navigate the short-term impact to our business and ensure that we have adequate liquidity. So we -- just to reiterate, reducing capital spend by about $200 million.  We are substantially reducing discretionary spend. We've limited new hiring. We're furloughing some employees, especially in Europe and some of our North American hospitality areas. And we're also reducing marketing spend, as Gavin just mentioned, ensuring that all our marketing investments are delivering value in our current environment. But we are still supporting our big brands, as Gavin mentioned, and supporting our innovations.  So this is a very fluid situation. And again, we are monitoring it. We're having discussions with our Board and evaluating our capital allocation decisions, which, as we said in our remarks, does include a suspension or reduction or a temporary elimination of the dividend. And we will, of course, communicate in due course, any key capital allocation measures and decisions as they are made.
Gavin Hattersley: Kevin, just one point that I'd make. As you mentioned a 4x debt covenant ratio. That's -- at the moment, it's actually less than that. I'll just refer you -- sorry, higher than that, sorry. It's 4.25x. I think if you look at our SEC financial filings, you'll see it laid out there as to the path.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sean King of UBS.
Sean King: Sorry if I missed this, but you referred to estimated keg returns in Q1. Does that account for, I guess, all shipments expected to be -- all shipments that are expected to be returned? I mean is there any way to quantify what continuing overhang there would be in Q2?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks, Sean. Look, I mean, the estimate that we've made would cover all of the keg returns that we would be expected to take back. So the $50 million in aggregate between the impact to net sales revenue and cost of goods sold is our best estimate right now. And obviously, we'll adjust that as the actual numbers come through. But when you say an overhang, I would say we've tried to get as close to 100% of what we expect our liability to be based on what we know.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vivien Azer of Cowen.
Vivien Azer: Hope everyone is well. Gavin, given your experience in the beer industry, I was hoping that you could offer some historical context as we think about how do we anticipate shifts in consumer or purchase behavior when the consumer is under pressure. So just thinking back maybe to the financial crisis, if you view that as a helpful analog. Just remind us the cross-category dynamics that you saw between beer, wine and spirits. And then specifically within beer, how meaningful was the down trading?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Vivien. Yes, look, this is certainly an unprecedented time. And when we've been through recessions before, I don't think we've been through something quite like this before. But certainly, ultimately, the question is what this will do for consumer behavior.  It's not about whether or not drinkers will continue to consume because they will. But it's about how, where or what they will consume. And the early results and what we're seeing at the moment show that consumers are continuing to purchase beer, particularly pantry-loading -- to doing the pantry-loading phase of this pandemic. We're seeing a lot more purchases of large pack, and we're seeing more on premium and economy versus above premium. I would say craft, in particular, has been disproportionately negatively impacted.  We have got a very diverse portfolio of products, pack types and price points, which are going to help us capture the volume regardless of where the consumer trends actually take us. We're well-positioned because we play in all segments.  It's clear that the whole industry is impacted. We believe that we've got the segments and the brands, and we've got the right approach. Ultimately, we're confident that we've taken the right steps to mitigate the short-term risks and position the company to compete in the long-term. We also believe we're still tracking towards the vision laid out in the revitalization plan despite the current environment. And we'll pivot as necessary in the short-term, depending on where the consumer trends take us.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bonnie Herzog of Goldman Sachs.
Bonnie Herzog: I hope you're doing well. I wanted to touch briefly on Vizzy. So it sounds like the brand is doing well based on your comments. But that said, we are hearing from a lot of our contacts about the tough environment right now for newer brands. This is just in general. So would love to hear your take on how the launch has been potentially impacted by COVID. And then maybe, what you've done to mitigate some of the unforeseen impacts. You've likely had maybe around distribution and marketing of this brand.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie, and hope you're doing well, too. Yes. Look, I mean, obviously, it's not the ideal product time to launch new products in the marketplace. So I'm sure you don't need me to tell you that. And as a result of coronavirus, we have made some adjustments to our original innovation plan, which we had. We've delayed some innovations, and we're using those savings to protect our cash and liquidity positions.  But as far as the seltzer market is concerned, we've got a very clear strategy in hard seltzers. And we're being what -- we think we're being smart in how we execute our first 2 launches. We're first focusing on Vizzy is the big bet, and then we're rolling into Coors Seltzer in the fall. This is a huge segment, and it's got plenty of room for multiple brands and solutions.  Our approach with Vizzy is making sure that we carve with it with a real point of difference, not just another seltzer, to carve out a meaningful space for ourselves in what's an increasingly crowded category. And that point of difference for us is the first hard seltzer made with acerola cherry, which is the super fruit, which is high in the antioxidant, vitamin C. And we're confident that this proposition is going to resonate very well with consumers.  We're not going to share specifics on what our media investment is going to be, but we're in the midst of rolling out a pretty robust campaign, which will include national TV in the right spots, digital and social retail tools and a sampling effort. It's our biggest play yet in the hard seltzer market, Bonnie. And whilst it's still only a few weeks into the launch, we're actually very pleased with the early reads. And we believe that the clear point of difference and the clear point of difference from a visual identity point of view is going to set us apart as a preferred seltzer.  As far as Coors Light Seltzer is concerned, we've got that coming towards the back end of the year. We believe that at this time, in particular, people are turning to known and trusted brands. And there's a big opportunity for popular beer brands to enter into this space. And we believe we've got the best proposition with Coors for a number of reasons. It best fits to play in the space.  We've tested the Coors Seltzer proposition head-to-head with other beer-branded seltzers, and Coors won across the board on multiple levels, whether it was purchase intent, whether it was differentiation, distinctiveness and so on. Its history of Rocky Mountain freshness and water credentials are a perfect fit for hard seltzers. And we've got a clear point of difference, which is also very important. It's the first hard seltzer with a social mission. And it's one of the top 3 drivers of liking for consumers.  And finally, we've got a great-tasting product. So we're particularly excited about that launch as well. And our distributors have done a tremendous job in a very difficult and challenging environment, getting busy onto the floor and into the coolers. And as I said, we're just a few weeks in, but we're very pleased with what we're seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Gavin and Tracey, I hope it's -- find you in a healthy shape. Got a question on the -- on all the extra costs. I mean you, mentioned all the actions you took to protect your employees, increased social distancing and rates pay, amongst others. Could you please give us, at least directionally, the total financial impact it has in the quarter by segment, I mean, Europe and the U.S. And if those actions are just one-offs in nature and we should think, I mean, those extra costs will just be lifted once we return to some cap normality probably in the second half of the year.
Gavin Hattersley: All right. Thanks, Lauren. Thanks for the questions. Obviously, as I said, one of our -- our top priority is protecting our employees and ensuring that they're safe. So in many respects, most of those costs will, as life gets back to a new normal, disappear. We've -- the thank-you pay bonus, for example, will be removed at a point in time when we believe it is appropriate.  We took steps in Europe and in North America to ensure that our employees that were higher-risk, either of a certain age or who had preexisting conditions, were given the opportunity to stay away from work and not be disproportionately financially impacted. In the United Kingdom, there is actually a program where 80% of their pay is reimbursed by the government. So the impact in the United Kingdom for the folks that have stayed at home is not as impactful as, for example, in the United States.  So I rambled a little bit there. I think [indiscernible] the answer to your question is no, there won't be permanent negatives forever. They will only be there for as long as we believe it's necessary. Our number one value that we launched -- we launched new values in January. Our number one value is people first, and that's how we're making all of our decisions.  I think, obviously, our social distancing practices will remain in place for quite some time. But the cost of that is relatively low. Our breweries are big. There's a lot of space in our breweries. And I think, the fact that we put in all these policies fairly early on in the process has certainly gone a long way to make sure that we've mitigated any impact from a supply chain point of view.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: Gavin, Tracey, hope you all are well. Just wanted to follow-up, I guess, on Kevin Grundy's question about the balance sheet and the dividend. And Tracey, I think if we're thinking about liquidity and cash needs, I believe you've got a maturity -- the September maturity, right, coming due, which is, I think, $500 million later this year.  So I guess as we're thinking about that maturity, the liquidity you have now, right, you still have about $900 million in the credit facility to beat that you could draw. Is the decision on whether or not you touched the dividend really predicated on maintaining investment-grade and terms around refinancing, avoiding things like steps and other things? Or would touching the dividend really be just a function of, it's a bad year and just you're going to need the extra cash. Just trying to understand what the decision tree would be, the need to touch the dividend. And then again, how your comfort level around that September maturity.
Gavin Hattersley: Okay. Brian, thanks. I'll ask Tracey to answer that question. But just to correct one quick point is it's not USD 500 million. It's CAD 500 million. So it's somewhat less than that in U.S. dollars.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Yes. So roughly sort of USD 357 million equivalent. So as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, Bryan, we'll continue to monitor and take steps to ensure proper business continuity and adequate liquidity for the company. And we are actively evaluating our capital allocation decisions with our Board.  So as it relates to that CAD 500 million notes that comes due this year, that's a capital structure decision that we will make in consultation with our Board as we get closer to the maturity of this debt, and then sort of make further decisions. The conversations that we're having with our Board around capital allocation does include that -- what we mentioned around the dividend. And again, I just want to say that we'll communicate that in due course as soon as any decision is made.  But just a final point, I mean, we are aware of all the current obligations under our credit agreement, as I've said. And we are in clients with them, and we will continue to take the actions needed because we do have a continued desire to maintain our investment-grade rating.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bill Kirk of MKM Partners.
William Kirk: So I think Coors Seltzer was originally set to launch in July. So I guess the question is, if COVID pressure somehow ease or begin to ease, would there be a willingness to pull what is a delayed launch forward again, and do it again in July? Or is it now definitely in the fall?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Bill, thanks. Look, based on what we're seeing in the marketplace, I think you can safely assume that it will be in the fall. In other words, we -- I would say, based on what we know right now, we will not be bringing forward the launch. We'll keep it as to where we've moved it to now.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. I'd like to kind of first circle back to the U.S. and just make sure I didn't miss anything here. You gave us some April numbers in terms of down volumes, I think, 14%, I believe. Can you disaggregate how much of the impact of pantry-loading is or deloading at this point hit the April number, so to give us a little bit better sense of what the ongoing rate is in April?  And then you -- obviously, there's a negative mix impact. Can you maybe perhaps touch on what the pricing environment is today? Is there -- the industry's had really good pricing discipline for the last number of years. Is that staying in there? And then just kind of circling, kind of finishing off with the U.S. If you could then contrast Canada, which hasn't really come up on the call or in the press release. Is Canada looking kind of better or worse than the U.S.?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. So several -- let me unpack what you said there. So from a mix point of view, obviously, on-premise to off-premise has negative mix implications for us. In terms of Canada and how they're performing relative to the U.S. in the first part of April, pretty similar, quite frankly, Robert. Not a number that's terribly dissimilar to the 14%, which Tracey mentioned.  Canada actually had its best share performance in the first quarter in quite some time. We launched Molson Ultra National in Q1, and it's producing a much better result than the brand which it replaced, which was Molson Canadian 67. Miller Lite continues to grow strongly in Canada, strong double digits with the functional message of carbs and calories. And Belgium Moon is growing strongly. So Canada actually had a reasonably good -- or one of the better first quarters that we've had for some time.  From a pricing point of view, pricing in the first quarter in the U.S. was pretty similar to what it's been for the last 3 quarters. So it's holding up. Mix was relatively flat. And we do have some negative in NSR per hectoliter in the United States, in freight and fuel as we passed substantial savings across back to our distributors, in line with our freight and fuel program, which took the freight and fuel for hectoliter number down by about 50 basis points in the U.S.  Obviously, we've got the keg return negative hit in the U.S., which is impacting our NSR per hectoliter. That's about 100, 110 basis points for unusuals in total. Canada pricing has held up well from a frontline point of view. Frontline is about 260 basis points.  And then I think the final part of your question was the impact of pantry-loading in March versus what's happened in April. Obviously, we had the timing shift of Easter. So the numbers got a little bit difficult to compare between March and April, and even within April. I would say to you that the strong performance in the off-premise, I mean, it still continues, but it's just not enough to offset the loss of 100% of the on-premise business. Hope that helps, Robert.
Robert Ottenstein: Certainly. No, I understand that. Would you think that if you maybe took out the pantry-deloading instead of being down 14%, maybe you were down kind of mid-single digit? Does that sound about right?
Gavin Hattersley: Robert, look, I'm not going to try, on this call, unpack that to that level of detail. All I can say to you was that in March with the initial pantry load, we had the 4th of July kind of week performance. And obviously, that has not continued and we don't expect it to continue. But performance has still been good in the off-premise.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. And just -- I actually just got a -- well, we're on a question from a large shareholder asking me to ask you what's going on with promotions. In a lot of industries, the promotions have been reduced significantly. Is that happening in the beer industry as well?
Gavin Hattersley: Well, as it regards to the large packs, I mean, we're not promoting large packs because we're, as I said earlier on in the call, we're actually -- we've got -- we're a little bit of hand-to-mouth from an input material, packaging material basis. So from our perspective, we're not promoting large packs. I can't speak for our competitors. But from our perspective, we're not.
Operator: Our final question will come from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: I just wanted to know if we -- if you could help us at all when we think about COGS per hectoliter. Anything that you can offer us on fixed versus variable costs? I know we'll have to sort of manually play with some assumptions in terms of mix dynamics, which is anything that you could offer help on fixed versus variable costs in the COGS line?
Gavin Hattersley: Right. I'll ask, obviously, Tracey to answer the cost of goods sold question. Obviously, there are some impacts within cost of goods sold, which are somewhat unusual in nature. We're not treating them as unusual, but they're one-off of nature, which is all the extra steps that we've taken to protect our employees. But Trace, do you want to get into COGS in more detail?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So I mean, a couple of drivers. We did mention that our COGS was up 3.3% in constant currency on a consolidated basis. I mean, the big drivers were around the volume deleverage, which was around 200 basis points of that. And then in addition, this quarter, we did have the keg returns and the on-premise reimbursement program as well as some finished goods obsolescence, which drove higher COGS. That was roughly around 90 basis points. And then, we did see some inflation, and that was partly offset by some of the cost savings.  I do want to just remind you from an inflation point of view, we do have a robust hedging program, and it's a multiyear program. We were fairly well-hedged coming into this year. So when we see commodity prices being reduced, we will, obviously, participate in that but only to the extent that we have an unhedged portion for those commodities.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. All right. That's really helpful. And then I wanted to just ask -- actually, first on ethanol COGS there's been no mention of it, but any issues in terms of CO2, just the news headlines that have been out there. I just wanted to check in on your CO2 position.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So look, Lauren, obviously, with the drop in the price of ethanol about a month ago, many of the ethanol producers have stopped producing. And since that ethanol is used by our CO2 suppliers, there are expected shortages in the markets, and we're monitoring this very closely. However, we do have secondary sources in test. And as yet, we have not had any disruptions to our supply. And we also are collecting as much CO2 at our breweries as possible so that we can be self-sufficient, but at this point, no disruptions.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Great. And then the final piece, sorry, was just in the release, there was a mention on tax in the possible $100 million to $200 million tax expense in the second quarter. So anything you could elaborate on there or a sense yet of cash component of that, whether it's the second quarter or through the year?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So look, we're still doing a full technical and legal analysis of the tax rigs and to really understand the full impact and the implications for cash taxes as well as the timing. And so the $100 million to $200 million that we mentioned in the release is a P&L impact, and it relates to the period from 1st of January 2018 right up until March 31, 2020. So that estimate considers the full range of impacts. But again, we're still doing some of the legal and technical analysis, and we'll be able to give more in Q2.
Operator: That will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to hand it to Gavin Hattersley for closing remarks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Eric. And look, I know there may be some questions we weren't able to answer today. So please follow up with Greg, if you have them directly. And then, Tracey and I look forward to talking with many of you as the year progresses. So stay safe and healthy, everybody, and thank you for participating in this morning's call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you very much for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-12 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Molson Coors Beverage Company Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Participants can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer. Please note this event is being recorded.With that, I'll hand it over to Greg Tierney, Vice President of FP&A and Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Greg Tierney: All right. Thank you, Andrea, and hello, everybody. So following prepared remarks from Gavin and Tracey, we will take your questions. Please limit yourself to one question. If you have more than one question, please ask your most pressing question first, and then reenter the queue for a follow-up. To the extent that you have technical questions on the quarter, we ask that you pick them up with me in the days and weeks to follow.Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws, important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations and projections contained in such statements are disclosed in the company's filings with the SEC. The company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release, or otherwise available on the company's website at www.molsoncoors.com. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars.And with that, over to you Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg. Look, 2019 was a challenging year for Molson Coors Beverage Company. However, despite significant headwinds and continued volume declines, we grew net sales revenue per hectoliter and improved our mix. We delivered strong free cash flow and cost savings, reduced our debt and started making progress towards premiumizing and modernizing our portfolio.We know there's still a lot of work to do. And that's why last quarter, we announced the plan to get Molson Coors back to consistent top line growth. Plan is designed to streamline the company, allow us to move faster and to free up resources to invest in our brands and capabilities. And as promised in October, we've wasted no time implementing the plan.And to remind you, there are five components of the revitalization plan: investing in our iconic brands, aggressively growing our above-premium business in beer and in flavored beverages, growing beyond beer, strengthening our capabilities and streamlining our company. So let me update you on some of the progress that we're making.We believe in the future of our core brands, because they have the power to recruit new legal-age drinkers, which is why investing in our core is a key part of our revitalization plan. In the fourth quarter of 2019 in the United States, we released new creative pieces in the Coors Light Made to Chill campaign and the Miller Lite It's Miller Time campaign and we've already unveiled more spots in 2020 as well. The early results are positive.Additionally, global Coors Light performance was flat, reflecting its best quarter in over three years and showing improvement in each of our segments. Miller Lite grew in all segments, delivering high double-digit growth in Canada and had its best quarter in the United States since 2014. As we work to aggressively grow our Above Premium business, we see progress in our Above Premium beer and in Above Premium flavored beverages. Volume and NSR improved for the full year 2019 in Above Premium with an acceleration in Q4. We will support this acceleration by providing more fuel to our fastest-growing brands and new innovations in the Above Premium space.Last month we launched new creative for Peroni in the United States which grew strong double-digits in 2019 and presents a real opportunity for us in 2020. Belgian Moon continues to be one of our biggest success stories in Canada, growing strong double-digits in both the quarter and the year and delivering its third consecutive year of growth. And Staropramen, our check lager celebrated its 150th anniversaries with volumes up high single-digits on the year with strong momentum heading into 2020 as Q4 volume and revenue grew double-digits.We have launched two big bet innovations in the United States already with Blue Moon Light Sky and Saint Archer Gold. Light Sky is a low-calorie low-carb beer brewed with tangerine peel. It's a great product that pushes the Blue Moon brand into incremental occasions and consumers.Saint Archer Gold is a premium light lager that offers a better-tasting alternative to Michelob Ultra as proven by independent expert beer panel. We introduced consumers to Saint Archer Gold with a broad media campaign that kicked off during the professional football championship game and showcases how the brand is the better-tasting light beer.Our Jensen Blake portfolio again outperformed the U.S. craft market in 2019 growing 16% per AC Nielsen versus a flat craft market. In January, we agreed to acquire Atwater Brewery, a regional craft brewer in Michigan. It fills a geographic void, gives us the still spirits capability, and will help position our craft portfolio to continue outperforming the broader craft market.We're investing more in flavored malt beverage and whitespaces that differentiate us and allow us to reach more consumers. Building on our 2019 successes, in the United States, we will continue to invest behind Cape Line sparkling cocktails which were Nielsen top 10 growth brand for 14 consecutive weeks in 2019. And we're expanding La Colombe hard coffee to additional markets.In Canada, we will continue to invest in Mad Jack, popular FMB that was up double-digits on the year. And next month, we will launch Vizzy in the United States, a hard seltzer that offers differentiated ingredients which would help it carve out a meaningful space in the seltzer category.And lastly, we're expanding beyond the beer altogether. This is a big shift, but it presents real growth opportunities. In November, we announced an equity deal a long-term partnership with L.A. Libations, an incubator of better-for-you non-alcoholic beverages. This investment essentially creates a new non-alcoholic innovation team for the Molson Coors Beverage something -- something that we simply did not have before.Now, I want to be clear we are not looking to compete in the soda aisle with Coca-Cola and Pepsi Cola. And stable we're selective about where we compete, always looking to leverage our unique strengths.Then, of course, next month we're taking a definitive step into the wine category with a national launch of Movo wine spritzers in the United States. The organizational restructuring is well underway and we are making progress towards our goal of improving efficiency and unlocking an additional $150 million in annual savings bringing our total expected cost savings to $600 million over the 2020 through 2022 program. We have simplified our structure from four business units and a corporate center to two streamlined units; North America and Europe.In North America, our new organizational design is now set. All teams have been selected and people are transitioning to new office locations. In Europe, we have announced all senior leadership changes and anticipate completing the reorganization by the end of March.As part of our updated structure we have a new data and analytics team and are expanding and developing new commercial and operational capabilities that will make us smarter and more efficient. We continue to estimate the cost of all these changes will result in total one-time charges in the range of approximately $120 million to $180 million spread over Q4 of last year 2020 and 2021.Next quarter we will report our financials under our new operating structure. As you can see we are moving quickly to implement our plans and we're starting to see glimpses of transformation within our portfolio. Also the new structure is already providing greater clarity and accountability. Teamwork has improved and the speed of decision making is substantially quicker. None of this is easy and it won't happen overnight. But the tough decisions we've made and the quick actions and investments we are making will ensure the Molson Coors Beverage Company is built to succeed in today's marketplace.And now I'm going to hand over to Tracey for a review of the fourth quarter and full year as well as our outlook. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin and hello everyone. I will first cover the quarter and full year on a consolidated and regional basis and then move on to our outlook. So to recap the quarter, net sales revenue increased 3% in constant currency. We delivered positive global pricing and mix as well as a 1% increase in financial volume including a planned benefit in the U.S. from shipments exceeding brand volume as full year shipment volumes and retail volumes converged.Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 1.1% in constant currency, reflecting continued favorable global pricing and mix. Our Europe business continues to deliver strong in sales hectoliter increases, driven by both pricing and mix.In North America we saw a sequentially lower increase in our U.S. business and slightly lower rates in Canada. Remember general price increases have largely shifted from the fall to the spring in the U.S. with the most recent increase last spring.Our U.S. mix benefit was neutral in the quarter. Worldwide brand volume decreased 1% and financial volume increased 1%, reflecting a planned benefit in the U.S. as we shipped largely to consumption for the full year. Global priority brand volume increased 1.6%. In the U.S., brand volumes benefited from improving industry volumes.October 2018 was soft, following a general price increase and improving premium last segment trends as you heard in Gavin's remarks. Canadian volumes remained challenged in the fourth quarter, driven in part by continued industry softness.In Europe, our brand volume benefited from a broad-based improvement in industry trends and continued premiumization. Our international business brand volumes grew double digits, driven by strong performance in Latin America.Underlying cost per hectoliter increased 1.7% on a constant currency basis driven by inflation and mix and partially offset by cost savings. The trend was significantly improved versus prior quarters, primarily reflecting fixed cost absorption in our U.S. business resulting from shipment timing between quarters and the stacking of one-time costs in our Canadian business from 2018.Underlying MG&A decreased 6.3% on a constant currency basis, due to a non-recurring vendor benefit in the U.S. and lower one-time incentive compensation expenses driven by the anticipated departures as a result of the revitalization plan. These items together account for approximately 50% of the reduction in MG&A.Additionally, our marketing spend was lower in the fourth quarter, reflecting a planned shift of spending to support brand launches earlier in the year and align our marketing pressure with the key selling seasons, particularly within Europe and the U.S. As a result, underlying EBITDA increased 15.8% on a constant currency basis.Recapping the year, net sales revenue decreased 0.6% in constant currency. We delivered positive global pricing and mix but this was offset by a decline in global volume. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 2.9% in constant currency, driven by favorable pricing and mix as we continue to focus on premiumizing our portfolio. Worldwide brand volume decreased 3.5% and financial volume decreased 4%. Global priority brand volume decreased 2.2%.Underlying COGS per hectoliter increased mid-single digits, up 4.9% on a constant currency basis, driven by inflation mix and volume deleverage, partially offset by cost savings. Underlying MG&A decreased 0.9% on a constant currency basis. Corporate underlying MG&A was $150 million – $158 million coming in below prior year and below our prior estimates, driven largely by lower incentive compensation expense and other targeted spending reductions. Marketing spend per hectoliter was up for the year in each of our segments.As a result, underlying EBITDA decreased 2.6% on a constant currency basis. Depreciation and amortization expenses were $827 million in line with prior year results but below our prior estimates driven by later and lower-than-planned capital expenditures. Net interest expense of $273 million was in line with our third quarter estimate.We delivered underlying free cash flow of $1.370 million in line with our estimates and 3.7% below the prior year, driven by lower underlying EBITDA and higher cash tax payments, partially offset by lower capital expenditures, favorable changes in working capital and lower cash interest payments.Capital expenditures of $593 million were lower than our prior estimate driven by savings and the timing of capital spending as we evaluated and made capital decisions to drive stronger returns. In 2019, we completed our three-year savings program associated with the MillerCoors acquisition and integration, delivering $230 million during 2019 and brining our three-year total savings to $725 million. Cost to capture the savings over the three years were $208 million coming in at the low end of our most recent estimate of $230 million, driven by the addition and delivery of high-value low-cost projects.So this takes me to our financial outlook. We expect 2020 to be a transition year and anticipate net sales revenue to be flat to down low single digits on a constant currency basis. We expect underlying EBITDA to be down high single digits on a constant currency basis from fiscal year 2019 underlying EBITDA of $2.364 billion.Our estimated underlying effective tax rate is 20% to 24%. We expect interest expense of $280 million plus or minus 5%. And we expect depreciation and amortization expense to be approximately $850 million. We estimate capital spending of $700 million plus or minus 10%; and underlying free cash flow of $1.1 billion plus or minus 10% reflecting lower expected EBITDA performance, as well as higher cash taxes than in 2019.And as mentioned on our Q3 earnings call, we increased our total cost savings program for the period 2020 through 2022 to $600 million as a result of the revitalization plan to be spread more evenly over that period. Now as a reminder we are planning to reinvest these additional cost savings behind our brands and other capability-building.With the exception of costs that would qualify for special items treatment all other costs to achieve the $600 million in savings are included within our underlying EBIT guidance. Examples of special items included in the $120 million to $180 million of cost to achieve are severance, retention and relocation costs associated with the revitalization plan.Accelerated depreciation and other direct costs associated with the Urbandale Brewery closure will also be reported as special items. We expect 2021 and thereafter to deliver net sales revenue and underlying EBITDA growth versus 2020.We intend to maintain our investment grade credit rating. And as our full year 2019 trailing annual underlying EBITDA has our current annualized dividend within our target range of 20% to 25%, we do not anticipate the Board of Directors will change our dividend rate at this time.The change in structure to two business units went into effect at the start of the year. Therefore the resulting financial reporting changes will be reflected in our first quarter 2020 results including allocation of corporate MG&A expense to our two business segments.Now also please consider the following related items. Our estimate of 2020 EBITDA is unchanged versus our estimate on October 30, 2019 in spite of a strong fourth quarter benefiting from onetime items shipment timing and the food spending as we refined our revitalization plan.Our business continues to face a number of headwinds including inflation. And we are committed to investing to improve our top line performance. While we expect the full year's underlying EBITDA to be down high single digits on a constant currency basis, we expect the second half EBITDA to be better than the first half for two main reasons.Our full year increase in marketing investments will begin in half one, as we launch new products and add support to our premium brands and the cost savings that we expect to realize in 2020 will be skewed to the back half of that year.In January we announced the decision to close our Urbandale Brewery. The associated cost savings are not considered part of the revitalization plan, but are included in the previously announced $600 million cost-savings program for 2020 to 2022.Now with that thank you for your time and attention and I'll turn it back to Andrea for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Eric Serotta of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Eric Serotta: Good morning. Gavin, hoping you could give us a little bit of color on the seltzer and beyond beer strategy. Seems like you're taking a very different path than some of your competitors in not extending your core brands. Is there any thought to a Coors Light seltzer or Miller Lite seltzer? And what are you hearing from retailers and distributors, in terms of initial response to what you're showing them for Vizzy?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks. Good morning, Eric. Look, we believe that the seltzer category is here to stay. Let's be clear about that. And Molson Coors plans to compete in this space aggressively. And we are going to have a multi-pronged approach to attacking that space. Having said that, the key premise with our approach is to drive incrementality by being a very clear point of difference to that of the competition.And as you referenced, this year we are introducing Vizzy which we think does have clear points of difference with the competition. It will be the first-type seltzer made with acerola cherry, which is a super fruit higher in the antioxidant, vitamin C. And there's no reason to believe that this isn't going to resonate very well with consumers and particularly that 25 to 39-year-old male and female that choose to drink, but are looking for potentially better choices.I'm not going to get into details of how much exactly that we're investing, but we've got a very robust campaign that launches around the same time as Vizzy hits the shelf. It's going to include national TV. It will have digital, social, out-of-home advertising and a very strong sampling effort.This is going to be our biggest bid yet on the hard seltzer segment, which we think will reach a couple of billion dollars in sales this year. As far as the response from our distributors and retail is concerned, we've had an excellent response. There is a lot of excitement and anticipation for this brand. So we're excited about it.
Eric Serotta: And just to follow up on that, would you rule out -- you talked about a multipronged approach. Would you -- and you have Henry's in the market, but would you rule out doing something with one of your core beer brands? I know you've gone down that road in the past with things like Coors Light Summer Brew, but decided to stick true to the core product and messaging. Is that something that's on the table or something that you'd rule out?
Gavin Hattersley: Look, I think, Eric, just reiterating what I said, right, is we think that we need to have a clear point of differentiation to our competition. And where we find a clear point of differentiation, we will drive into that in a meaningful way. Our current is Vizzy, which is what we're going to put a lot of time and effort behind it.
Eric Serotta: Great. Thanks so much, Gavin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Gavin Hattersley: Good morning, Bryan.
Tracey Joubert: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: So, I guess, Gavin, I want to touch on just kind of the state of Coors Light. Now that you've had the new ad copy in the U.S. on air for a few months now and you've kind of gone through this process now of kind of featuring your plants the retailers selling in for the summer season. So, could you just give us a little bit more color about how you feel about not just how the copy has resonated with consumers and for the brand, but also just as you're kind of teeing up merchandising for the summer months, do you feel like you're getting a little bit more reaction or support from your wholesalers and retailers behind the Coors Light brand?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Bryan. I mean the short answer is yes. We're getting a lot of support, a lot of excitement behind Coors Light from our network. Certainly the most -- since I've been in this chair and when I was in the MillerCoors as well. The MillerCoors platform is stronger. Results are strong. The brand achieved its best quarterly STR trends since the first quarter of 2017.It accelerated segment share gains in the fourth quarter behind the new creative and we're going to invest meaningfully behind this platform in 2020. It's brought relevance back to the brand again. It's back in the lives of new legal-drinking-age consumers, its back in the cultural landscape, and its momentum is heading in the right direction Bryan. And we're just getting started. But the short answer to your question is yes; our wholesalers are very excited about it.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Yes, great. Thanks. Tracey could you talk a little bit more about the targeted spend priorities for 2020? And just clarify maybe confirmed that the cadence of those investments specifically on the MG&A line will more or less mirror 2019. I think that's what I heard but I just wanted to clarify.And then relatedly Gavin I guess for you what does success look like in terms of a topline response or maybe a market share response this year on the back of all of the planned initiatives that you outlined versus to what degree may it take until 2021 or beyond for these 2020 investments to show more of a cumulative return? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks. Great. Thanks Steve. Look Tracey you can maybe take some of the G&A side. I'll just talk about marketing. From a marketing perspective, we've got a lot of innovation and new news coming in the first half of this year Steve. So, you can expect our marketing spend to be up-weighted in the first half versus the second half.And as you -- I mean I know Tracy has given full year guidance on EBITDA and we're not going to give quarterly guidance. But I think just directionally we're going to spend more in the first half than we will in the second half. We've already launched two big innovations Saint Archer Gold and Blue Moon Light Sky and we've got two more big ones coming with Vizzy and with the national expansion of Movo.Obviously, innovation takes a lot of work and a lot of effort and a lot of investment and you don't necessarily get a significant uplift on day one. And so we don't necessarily expect that. But we do expect improvement in our Above Premium portfolio through these innovations.A success for me looks like what I've really said right, which is we do expect us to be sort of flat to down low single-digits from a net sales revenue point of view. But we believe everything that we're doing in 2020 is setting ourselves up for sustainable growth in NSR in 2021 and beyond. Tracey from a G&A point of view?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So just maybe to reiterate what I said in the script from a G&A, I mean we are -- the G&A spend is basically in the EBITDA guidance that we've given. A couple of things to think about as we look at half year one and half year two. First of all as Gavin mentioned our marketing spend is going to be up. That will be sort of weighted more to the first half of the year as we invest behind our new product launches and support our premium brands.And then from the cost-savings side that's going to be skewed more to the back half of the year and as we realize the savings related to the revitalization plan. And again the revitalization plan savings will be primarily in the G&A area.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you very much for that. I guess Gavin just to follow-up on the definition of success question. There's just -- there’s a ton of new products from yourselves, from competitors in the beer space hitting the market right now. It's going to be a lot of shifts on shelf and within coolers. Is your feel in aggregate that you're going to hold cumulative shelf and cooler space in 2020 versus 2019, or do you expect to gain or maybe shed some of that? Just how are you thinking about that? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Look I mean I would be disappointed if we didn't increase our shelf space. I do think though that there's going to be movements within that. So, in large format I think you'll see some of the slow-moving lines in craft and seltzers and some of the adjacencies like FMBs and sides. We'll probably take some losses to create new space for a lot of these innovations that are coming particularly the growth of seltzer.I mean initial indications would appear that the biggest loss is taking place with craft, which the assortment of that has just expanded significantly over the past 15 years. I think in small format it's a little different. Seltzer is making aggressive inroads on distribution in both single-serves and multipack. And I would say more space is probably coming from economy as well as craft in less developed, which -- because craft is less developed than it is in large format.But again the short answer to your question is, I'll be disappointed if we didn't increase our shelf space with some of the innovations that we're bringing. And certainly the indications from our retailers and our distributor partners is that that will hold true and will expand both.
Steve Powers: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Good morning. Thank you. So I wanted to -- should we step back into the organization of the two main regions between the U.S. and Europe? And is that a main strategy to give better visibility and empower the local teams, or could you potentially sell the business to fund M&A in seltzer, or you want just to grow greenfield in that category?And just a clarification on Gavin's comments about Vizzy. So for Vizzy -- so you believe that -- which launches I believe last month. So you -- I think I heard you say that the brand can reach $1 billion in sales. And so if that's the case what is the time line?
Gavin Hattersley: No. Sorry Andrea. You misunderstood me there. I said the -- what I meant to say was the seltzer category will get into the $1 billion as a category. I mean, I would be delighted if Vizzy did, but that's not what I said. I think the total category will be there.As far as the two business units is concerned we're obviously setting the European and North American businesses up as stand-alone operations, because we believe that strong regional leadership will be able to make decisions much quicker. It will streamline decision-making. It will remove bureaucracy, which perhaps slowed us down. It'll certainly make us more nimble and quick. And it's a very short distance between folk that are asking for decisions and the actual decision-makers. So we think that having two separate stand-alone business units is going to make us much better as an organization, much stronger in both Europe and in North America.So we're actually already seeing the signs of that, where we've been able to bring campaigns with some of our global brands to market, much quicker than we have in the past outside the Coors Light campaign in the United Kingdom as a fine example of that. So we're particularly excited about the nimbleness of this new structure will bring us.
Andrea Teixeira: And in terms of capital allocation going forward, if you can kind of elaborate more. How do you see the company like in five years?
Gavin Hattersley: Lot capital allocation is the critical decision that we make. But if you're asking me indirectly are we planning to sell Europe? The answer is no.
Andrea Teixeira: Yes. I guess exactly indirectly and directly. And then in M&A seltzers, you believe that the decision to just do the way the greenfield is the best decision at this point?
Gavin Hattersley: We're very excited about the multipronged approach that we're using to attack the seltzer space, Andrea. I think I said on our third quarter earnings call that we will have a string of pearls' approach to M&A. It's worked very well for us in the past and we've had many more successes with the small bolt-on acquisitions that give us capability and exposure to spaces that we haven't had. And if successful and we intend to continue along that path.We really did that in the fourth quarter with the large but minority stake in Libations and we have an agreement to acquire Atwater in the – hopefully the first quarter of this year. That's an approach that's worked for us. It's worked for us very well in Europe with a number of success stories out there with Doom Bar and Aspall Cider and the repatriation of our Staropramen brand. So if it works for us, then we're going to continue driving on that path.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, Gavin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to understand a little bit more about your EBIT guide for 2020. It looks like Coors Light and Miller Lite, at least sequentially you're showing some momentum. You've got considerable cost-savings strategy and benefit next year. And then, obviously, also, you have some, I guess, one-times in the G&A line this year from incentive comp and this vendor benefit. So why do you then expect for kind of a similar rate of decline of revenues to lead to quite a bit higher decline in EBITDA? I think this year you'll end at EBITDA down four on revenues down two, roughly. But for next year, you're looking at revenues maybe down two, but EBITDA, high single-digits with all of these things that seem to be going kind of moving in your favor next year?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kaumil. Good morning to you. Look, 2020 is a transition year for us. It's going to take time to get the $150 million of savings out of the business. And we're implementing major actions that are fundamentally going to impact our portfolio, and many of these actions are going to take time for us to impact the top line.I think I said earlier on, innovations take time to scale, and spending more money on marketing, doesn't necessarily have a day one positive impact. We believe that the changes that we're making now which are meaningful will set us up for success in 2021. We're also taking very seriously the industry trends that we're seeing in Canada and the impact that those trends are having on our overall business and the overall topline of our business.We're obviously implementing the revitalization plan in Canada as well and we'll be investing more behind those brands. But you know -- Canada has been in decline for quite some time and it's not a trend that we're going to be able to reverse overnight, having said that, we're working very hard to do exactly that.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Grundy of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks, good morning everyone.
Gavin Hattersley: Good morning Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Gavin, I wanted to come back to the investment question, maybe ask it little bit differently. So obviously, a lot of changes going on concurrently at the company, while a lot of investment is going into the portfolio, particularly in the first half of the year.Can you give us a sense of how you're prioritizing these investments? Is this continued sequential improvement in Miller Lite and Coors Light do you have to establish some level of success in the hard seltzer category?I'd say the market view on that front would be that -- the hard sell-through dynamic is a net negative for the company at this point, given some of the demand source from light beer category and the fact that the company has not really leaned in real heavily at this point. Maybe just give us a sense of the top three things, you really have the organization focused on in order to deliver what you've messaged to the street? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks Kevin. Look I mean, it's not an either/or, right, it's a both end. We need to focus across our portfolio and we've been quite clear about the fact that our core brands in the United States, in Europe and in Canada remain a very important part of our business. And so we will increase the spend behind those brands going forward.Having said that, the bulk of our increased spend will be in the above premium space. We need as I've said to fundamentally reshape our portfolio. We've done that successfully in the United Kingdom.We're about 30% of the – of their portfolio is now in the above-premium space. And if I recall correctly Canada is at about 20%-odd. And obviously we've got a lot of ground to make up in the United States. And that's why most of our investment -- increased investment is going to be in the above-premium space and beyond beer in the U.S..To that end, we launched Cape Line in 2019 which was a top share gainer in Nielsen for us, I think it was 14 straight weeks. We've introduced Sol Chelada. We're introducing Sol Lemon. I probably pronounced that incorrectly. We've got Belgian Moon up in Canada which grew strong double digits. In Europe, we've made progress and we'll continue to invest in above-premium.I think I answered the seltzer question earlier on. There's not much more I can say to that other than that we're making a big bet behind Vizzy and we're very excited about how it's being received by retailers and distributors alike. We're expanding beyond the Bira with Movo.I think the speed at which we are moving and the quantity of ideas that we're bringing to the marketplace has energized our network as -- I haven't seen it this way for quite some time. So we've obviously got a lot of work to do, but I'm pleased with the progress that we've seen across our portfolio.
Kevin Grundy: That’s great. Thanks again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lauren Lieberman of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to follow up a little bit on innovation again. And I was curious, in particular, about Blue Moon Light Sky? I know it's quite early days, but turning around Blue Moon would take a -- be a pretty big step forward for the above-premium portfolio. So it's a little bit off season maybe to be launching or to have gotten that brand into market. But I'm just curious, on early reads from that, what you're kind of seeing the feedback on the taste profile? Does it bring Blue Moon users back or drinkers back into the category? Anything you could share there would be great. Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Lauren. Look, Blue Moon -- just to start at the top. Blue Moon grew in 2019 globally. So very excited about that, just for starters. Secondly, we tested Blue Moon Light Sky extensively and consumers absolutely love the taste. It's a lighter, more sessionable beer that is going to really be complementary and provide a halo effect to Blue Moon Belgian White.It's been in the marketplace for two weeks. The reception from our distributors has been very strong. Their orders are meaningfully higher than what we had anticipated and we're obviously working very hard to make as much Blue Moon Light Sky as we can. But I would caution you, Lauren. It's two weeks. But so far it's being extraordinarily well received.
Lauren Lieberman: And how might you rank order the potential impact of like a Vizzy versus a Blue Moon Light Sky for this year? Because you're, on the one hand, leveraging an existing and very strong brand; and the other very strong category, but new-to-world brand.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. That's a great question. And, obviously, I'm excited about all our innovation. And I'm not going to handicap which one is going to turn out to be the best this year, Lauren. Time will obviously tell. But each of them are unique in their own way. They're all attacking a different part of the segment. And best way for me to answer that question is, time will tell.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Great. And then, just a follow-up on Canada. I know you talked about putting this -- having more of a North America organization and the opportunity that gives you to leverage the marketing spend cross-border, if you will. I was just curious, if any of that started in 2019. So, maybe, it's a little of housekeeping. But, for example, like the Coors Light campaign that's been so successful here, is that in Canada yet, or is that still to come?
Gavin Hattersley: Lauren, that is still to come. It's not in Canada yet, but it will be soon. So as far as the revitalization plan is concerned, obviously, the restructuring took place with the U.S. business in the fourth quarter of 2019. But the Coors Light campaign specifically is still to hit. I'm pleased with the progress that the team has made in aligning innovation and our global brands between United States and Canada in our North American business unit. And I think you'll start seeing the impact of that as the year progresses.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. Thanks great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet of Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Laurent Grandet: Hey. Good morning, Gavin and Tracey. I'd like to come back to the seltzer category, but from a different angle. So, it's great to see us so many growth initiatives coming from you, including a differentiated seltzer proposition. So, now, as the seltzer category is expanding very fast and in many cases, at the expense of our beer and light beer for the largest part, I mean, what do you do to protect your core Coors Light and Miller Lite business? And if you any effect I mean let's say 20% of the $150 million revitalization plan on those two brands it may prove to be not enough. So, could you please help us first I mean better assess the impact of seltzer on your core two brands? And two what do you -- are you planning to minimize the risk here? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. A lot to unpack there Laurent, but let me try and do that. So, I would point you to the performance of Miller Lite and Coors Light in 2019 when seltzers were exploding. And according to Nielsen, the trend has continued of gaining share for those two brands for the last five years.Our performance on Miller Lite and its 21st consecutive quarter and it actually grew STR volume in Q4 in the face of this seltzer trend. So, the brand is holding its own in the total category. In fact it was pretty flat not just in the premium light segment, but in the total beer category.And as a combination Miller Lite and Coors Light outperformed the combination of Bud Light, Michelob Ultra, and Michelob Ultra Gold in terms of industry share. So, this notion that a lot of the seltzer volume is coming from premium light is not necessarily supported by the facts that are underlying the Miller Lite and Coors Light's performance.Coors Light gained segment share for the third straight quarter directionally improved its performance had the best quarterly STR trend since 2017. So, we believe that our marketing is resonating. We're going to put more effort and money behind that at the same time as we are going to enter the seltzer category.
Laurent Grandet: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean King of UBS. Please go ahead.
Sean King: Hi, thanks for the question. I don't think you provided guidance for COGS per hectoliter into 2020. Any insights you can provide there and if you expect any easing pressure from aluminum given hedging positions?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So, let me answer that Sean. So, for 2020, we've actually given both topline and bottom-line guidance which is new this year. And so we didn't feel it was necessary to give the COGS guidance. We thought top and bottom-line was more helpful.Having said that, look our job is to manage our costs within those boundaries of top and bottom-line. And we do use -- we spoke about our robust hedging programs in the past and we've got cost-savings initiatives which help us manage those costs. But we expect to still see ongoing commodity inflation going into 2020 probably similar to what we saw in 2019. And yes, we will just manage that with our cost-savings initiatives.
Sean King: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Gavin Hattersley for any closing remarks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Andrea. Look I know there may be additional questions that we weren't able to get to. So, please follow up with Greg and Tracy and I look forward to talking with many of you as the year progresses. So, thanks everybody for participating on the call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors’ Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Participants can find related slides on the Investor Relations page of the Molson Coors’ website. Our speakers today are Gavin Hattersley, President and Chief Executive Officer; Tracey Joubert, Chief Financial Officer.With that I will hand it over to Mark Swartzberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark Swartzberg: Thank you, Steven. Hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks from Gavin and Tracey, we will take your questions. Please limit yourself to one question. If you have more than one question, please ask your most pressing question first, and then reenter the queue to follow-up. We expect you will have various questions on the revitalization plan we announced this morning to the extent that you have technical questions on the quarter, we ask that you pick them up with me in the days and weeks that follow.Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations and projections contained in such statements are disclosed in the Company's filings with the SEC. The Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release or otherwise available on the Company's website at molsoncoors.com. Also unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the Company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars.So with that, over to you Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Mark, and hello and welcome everybody. I’d like to first frame the revitalization plan we included in the slides we filed with the SEC and announced to our employees earlier this morning, and which I will review in more depth after Tracey’s remarks. We are one of the world’s leading brewers and own a tremendous portfolio of brands, but we’re over-indexed in declining segments. Our core brands have seen years of volume losses and our marketing spend and innovation capabilities haven’t kept up with the competition.Our business is at an inflection point. We can continue down the path we’ve been on for several years, or we can make the significant and difficult changes necessary to get back on track. Our revitalization plan is designed to streamline the company, to move faster, and to free up resources to invest in our brands and our capabilities. And through it, we will create a brighter future for Molson Coors. The plan aims to revitalize Molson Coors, achieving consistent topline growth by enabling us to invest in iconic brands as well as opportunities to grow in the above premium space, expand beyond beer without having to sacrifice support for larger brands in the company’s portfolio, and to create new digital competencies for commercial functions, system capabilities for supply chain and new capabilities for employees.To make this possible, we plan to unlock resources by eliminating duplication, shedding what’s not working and restructuring the organization to better succeed in today’s competitive, fast-paced environment. And I will review this plan with you shortly. But first, over to you Tracey for Q3 results.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello everyone. I will speak first to the quarter on a consolidated and regional basis then to our 2019 outlook. So, to recap the quarter, our net sales revenue decreased 2% in constant currency. We delivered strong pricing in each business unit and positive global mix, but this was more than offset by volume declines. Net sales per hectoliter, on a brand-volume basis, increased 3% in constant currency and worldwide brand volume decreased 2.4% and financial volume decreased 5.5%. Global priority brand volume decreased 2.2%.Underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 5.9% on a constant currency basis driven by inflation and volume de-leverage, partially offset by cost savings. Underlying MG&A decreased 2.2% on a constant currency basis, driven by slightly lower marketing spend and lower incentive compensation, partially offset by cycling a net benefit from the amicable resolution of a vendor dispute. However, marketing spend per hectoliter was up in the quarter and year-to-date. As a result, underlying EBITDA decreased 5.6% on a constant currency basis. Our year-to-date underlying free cash flow was $884.8 million, 13.7% below the prior year, driven by lower underlying EBITDA and higher cash tax payments, partially offset by lower capital expenditures and lower cash interest payments.Moving to our business units. In the U.S., net sales revenue decreased 2.3%, driven by a 6.2% decline in shipments to wholesalers, excluding contract brewing, this was partially offset by positive net pricing and mix. The shipment decrease was driven by two factors. First, we cycled last year’s network-wide inventory builds to support our Trenton and Fort Worth brewery go-lives, which resulted in very strong STWs in the third quarter of prior year. Second, brand volumes declined 3.9% on a trading-day adjusted basis in the quarter. COGS per hectoliter increased 6.6%, driven by inflation, volume deleverage, and other factors, including a substantial unanticipated increase in property tax at our Golden brewery, partially offset by cost savings.MG&A increased 3.3%, driven by cycling a net benefit from the amicable resolution of a vendor dispute in the prior year, partially offset by the incremental cost reductions related to the restructuring program initiated in the third quarter of 2018. Marketing investment per hectoliter remains higher year-to-date compared to prior year. As a result, underlying EBITDA decreased 8.6%. In Europe, net sales revenue increased 1.7% on a constant currency basis, driven by positive pricing and mix offsetting a slight decline in brand volumes. COGS per hectoliter increased 3.5% in constant currency, due to inflation. MG&A decreased 1.7% in constant currency, driven by lower incentive compensation expense, offsetting higher marketing investment focused on our national champion brands and premiumization initiatives. Marketing spend per hectoliter was up in the quarter and year-to-date. As a result, underlying EBITDA increased 0.6% in constant currency.In Canada, net sales revenue decreased 4.9% on a constant currency basis, driven by a 5.1% decline in brand volume partly due to industry softness, partially offset by positive pricing. COGS per hectoliter increased 9.7% in constant currency, primarily driven by volume deleverage, cycling prior year distribution gains, brewery start-up costs and inflation, with a partial offset from cost savings. MG&A decreased 7.7% in constant currency, driven by timing shifts of higher marketing investment in Q2 as well as lower incentive compensation, partially offset by Truss joint venture start-up costs. As a result, underlying EBITDA decreased 12.3% in constant currency.In addition, during the quarter, we identified a goodwill impairment triggering event due to prolonged weakness in industry performance impacting our long-range expected cash flows. Consequently, a charge of $668.3 million was recorded to specials in the Canada U.S. GAAP results. Also note we estimate Truss related startup costs of 10 to 15 million Canadian dollars in 2019. In our International business, net sales revenue decreased 15.5% on a constant currency basis driven by an 8.6% decline in brand volume and negative geographic mix, partially offset by price increases. COGS per hectoliter increased 6.1% in constant currency, driven by geographic mix and inflation. MG&A decreased 29% in constant currency, driven by lower marketing spend and incentive compensation expense. As a result, we delivered $7.7 million of underlying EBITDA, resulting in a 190% increase on a constant currency basis.Moving to our 2019 outlook, our earnings release details our guidance. In terms of cost savings, we continue to expect a total of $700 million of savings for the three years ending 2019, and Gavin will speak to upsizing of our previously communicated $450 million to $600 million for the period 2020 through 2022, to be spread evenly over that period. The additional $150 million of savings is before one-time costs to achieve and will help fund additional investment. We continue to expect 2019 consolidated underlying COGS per hectoliter to increase at a mid-single digit rate on a constant currency basis.We now expect 2019 consolidated interest expense of $275 million plus or minus 5%. We expect 2019 capital spending of $700 million plus or minus 10%. We expect 2019 underlying D&A of approximately $850 million. We continue to estimate underlying free cash flow of $1.4 billion plus or minus 10% this year. And finally, before I hand the call back to Gavin, a comment regarding the remainder of the year. We continue to expect to ship to consumption in the U.S. on a full-year basis and therefore expect fourth quarter year-on-year change in shipments to exceed fourth quarter year-on-year change in brand volume.With that, back to you, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Tracey. I look forward to speaking with you quarterly to discuss our financial results, but today I want to focus on our revitalization plan to deliver better results than we have in recent years. Our company makes some of the world’s greatest beers and our iconic brands have withstood the test of time. But as the world around us rapidly changes and the nature of competition intensifies, our business performance is lagging. I’m sure all of you are well aware of that. And that is why we are implementing a revitalization plan that includes meaningful change for Molson Coors to unlock significant resources that we can invest back into the company, putting more resources behind our brands, premiumizing and modernizing our portfolio and building new capabilities.The good news is that as a major brewer with a rich portfolio of iconic brands across key categories, we have the scale and cash flow to improve topline growth. We have the capabilities to succeed. And while the market joins us in our attention to the topline, our financial performance demonstrates our commitment to strong financial discipline through robust cash flow, balance sheet strength and returning cash to shareholders.So why do we need a revitalization plan? All of you know the dynamics we face, and we recognize where we have the opportunity to improve, increase our exposure to growth segments, bigger and faster innovations, and a more simplified and streamlined organization. And what’s more, in the past few years our competitors have significantly stepped up their marketing spend and innovation capabilities relative to ours, to keep pace with the changing marketplace, and as such, we must invest more if we expect to drive long-term sustainable success.There are five components in our plan to revitalize Molson Coors. We are going to invest in our iconic brands. We are going to aggressively grow our above premium business. We are going to expand in adjacencies and beyond beer. We will increase our investment in marketing and commercial capabilities. And all of that will be enabled by streamlining our company, resulting in a more effective organization, with additional fuel to fund our investments. As I walk through the plan, I will also highlight how things will be different than before.We have shown we can improve the performance of our iconic brands and can stabilize brand performance and position for sustainable growth by accelerating investment behind our largest brands, by focusing on recruitment especially of new legal age drinking consumers, by driving relevance with breakthrough marketing, and by innovating on core brands to attract new legal age drinkers. We’re seeing what’s possible right now with Coors Light in the United States. Now, I understand it’s still very early, but the highly acclaimed Coors Light “Made to Chill” campaign that launched in the U.S. is already showing positive results.The brand is suddenly part of pop culture again with new partnerships, as a topic on late night TV shows and even as a favorite of the Jonas brothers. So much so that in the past few months the brand has generated more than 2 billion PR impressions. Today, after struggling for years in the U.S., Coors Light is finally gaining segment share and seeing volume improvement under the new campaign. Our plan is to put more resources behind breakthrough marketing like this. It’s a model for breaking through the noise of your usual big beer ads that we hope to replicate with the new Miller Lite campaign in the U.S. that just launched during the World Series last week. The brand is redefining the iconic Miller Time slogan for a new generation of legal age drinkers, connecting them to Miller Lite in a fresh way that we haven’t done before.These are very different new campaigns for two of our biggest brands. And under our revitalization plan, we can execute big campaigns for our iconic brands without having to sacrifice our efforts to premiumize and modernize our portfolio. Now you know we are not happy with our above premium performance, but we are not without our successes. In Europe, we have successfully transformed our portfolio over the last few years and are now sourcing more than 30% of our volume from above premium brands, including increasing strength for Staropramen. In the U.S., this quarter represented Blue Moon’s best quarter since 2017, and Peroni is growing strongly on the strength of the brand and its first national media campaign of the year. And in Canada Belgian Moon is continuing its great run, up forty percent year to date.Our revitalization plan is intended to give us the resources we need to aggressively build on those above premium success stories with our existing brands, with new innovations and potentially through new bolt-on acquisitions and investments for our portfolio. This means more money to market big ideas like Saint Archer Gold, Blue Moon Light Sky and Coors Peak in the U.S. and Coors Slice and Molson Ultra in Canada. It also means enhancing our ability to bring new beverages to the market more quickly and with more precision. We will expand the model that has reduced the time it takes to bring our innovations to market to as little as four months in the U.S. We will also expand a test and learn approach that lets us determine market potential for products and then quickly scale up like we are with Movo and Saint Archer Gold in the United States. Going forward, we plan to innovate, test, and scale products faster than we ever have before.We also expect to be able to invest more in whitespace and beyond beer opportunities. This will give us the ability to invest in the continued growth of recent successes like Carling Black Fruits draught in Europe or taking Movo wine spritzers, our first ever canned wine national in the U.S. We also expect it will allow us to fuel an even stronger second year of Cape Line and a stronger third year of Arnold Palmer Spiked in the U.S., which we plan to rapidly scale.And we need to do more. Our pipeline includes the recent introductions of La Colombe hard coffee in the U.S., Pip & Wild premium ciders in the U.K., Vizzy hard seltzer in the U.S. which we plan to launch early next year, and Truss’s new line of Cannabis-infused non-alcoholic beverages in Canada, including the recently announced Flow Glow CBD-infused spring water. You will see us push into these whitespaces faster than we ever have in the past.Our revitalization plan depends upon our competing and winning on the foundation of our great beers. It also means we must extend beyond the beer aisle, and so beginning January 1, 2020 our corporate name will be Molson Coors Beverage Company. While this is a simple change, the name speaks volumes about who we are and what is possible for our business.We will also invest in expanding in key capabilities. That will mean improving our digital competencies, expanding our data resources and building out our innovation systems. It will also mean investing in tangible plans to build a more diverse and inclusive organization and to support growth opportunities for our people. We also plan to invest several hundred million dollars to modernize our brewery in Golden, Colorado. This previously planned investment will modernize the brewery to allow for more flexibility, enable us to move with pace and deliver new products to meet changing consumer preferences. The company is not using the cost savings generated from this revitalization plan to make this brewery investment possible.Those of you keeping models will see we are upping our three-year cost savings plan to $600 million from $450 million. But the reorganization driving that is much more than a new cost-savings program: It comes with the difficult decision to consolidate and reorganize office locations and eliminate a number of positions. It means a streamlined organization, as we are moving from a corporate center and four business units to two business units: North America and Europe. Our North America business unit will combine the United States, Canada and our corporate center, giving us consolidated leadership teams and enabling us to move much more quickly with an integrated portfolio strategy. The Europe business unit will be structured to allow for standalone operations, developed and supported by a European-based team, including a regional leadership team and commercial and support functions.Our International business provides important growth opportunities, but the existing Molson Coors International team will be reconstituted to more effectively grow our global brands. The international business in the Americas will become part of the North America business unit, while the international business in Africa and Asia will become part of the Europe business unit. It also means a revised leadership team, including Tracey as CFO; Simon Cox as President and CEO of Molson Coors Europe; and Michelle St Jacques as Chief Marketing Officer. We won’t have a President of the U.S. business; rather a significant portion of my job will be dedicated to ensuring our success in our North America business unit. We currently estimate the costs of all these changes will result in total one-time costs in the range of approximately $120 million to $180 million over the balance of this year 2020 and 2021. Once the transition is complete our organization will look and act dramatically different than it has in the past and we fully expect to be better positioned to compete in today’s fast-paced, competitive market.Which takes me to our financial outlook. We expect 2020 to be a transition year and anticipate net sales revenue to be flat-to-down low single-digits on a constant currency basis. We expect EBITDA to be down mid-single digits off the base of the last 12 months trailing underlying EBITDA of $2.289 billion on a constant currency basis. We estimate underlying free cash flow of $1.1 billion plus or minus 10%, including higher cash taxes than in 2019 and additional capital spending to support growth. And we are upsizing our expected cost savings from $450 million to $600 million for the period 2020 through 2022, to be spread more or less evenly over that period.We expect 2021 and thereafter to deliver net sales revenue and EBITDA growth versus 2020, while delivering the remainder of the $150 million in added cost savings. We intend to maintain our investment grade credit rating, and there is no change to our dividend payout objective. The change in structure to two business units will not be effective until January 2020, and therefore the resulting financial reporting changes will not be reflected until our first quarter 2020 results.This is a lot of change, but we will execute it efficiently because we cannot wait and risk allowing the competition to continue passing us by, to outspend us, to out innovate us, and to outmaneuver us. We will move faster and free up resources. We will invest in our brands and in our capabilities. We will regain the success of our past, and we will create a brighter future for the Molson Coors Beverage Company.Thank you for your time and attention, and with that, I'll turn it back to Steven for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Amit Sharma with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Drew Levine: Hi, good morning. This is Drew Levine on for Amit. Thanks for taking the question. Just to start on the revitalization plan, I'm calling for a mid-single-digit decrease in EBITDA next year in addition to cost savings. So can you just maybe walk us through what, gives you confidence that the level of investment that you're planning for next year is the right amount and sort of what work was done to arrive at that number? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, thanks and good morning, Drew. Look, I mean we've made a lot of progress in the last several years deleveraging and generating cash and delivering on our financial commitments. But I think it’s safe to start investments in innovation capabilities haven't kept pace with our competitors, as I said, what is required in this rapidly changing industry. So under the plan that I've outlined: we're going take more calculated risks, we're going to move faster, we're going to diversify our portfolio. And the revitalization plan that I've laid out just now generates $150 million in cost savings.But obviously we're not going to get that whole $150 million on day one and we want to start investing behind the ideas that we've got behind the innovations and behind some of the very successful breakthrough marketing that we've generated as well. And so taking the EBITDA guidance down for next year will allow us to invest behind our core brands, behind our new innovations in our above premium portfolio earlier than we would otherwise if we had to wait for the $450 million.Next question, Steven.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning everybody. And first I just wanted to thank you for giving some EBITDA guidance. I think it just makes it a lot easier for us to have a little bit of clarity on that as we're trying to evaluate the plan. So thanks for making that change. I guess my question, Gavin, is if we look at the current incentive comp I think on an annual basis, 25% is volume, 25% is revenue per hectoliter, and if I remember correctly that was sort of designed to make sure that the industry – the company was focused on both growing volume and doing it without – doing it irresponsibly. So I guess as you're looking forward now, and especially with a bigger focused on above premium, which implies maybe some brands that are higher value, less volume. Is volume less of a sort of important driver going forward versus just growing revenue? And will that be reflected maybe in the way you change contemplate changing incentive comp?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bryan for that question and good morning to you. Look, I mean from an incentive comp point of view, we actually going into those conversations now with our compensation committee. This is the cycle of time period when we said that, and I can assure you that the comp committee will want to make sure that our incentive plan is aligned absolutely with what we're trying to do. So next year will be a transition year as I said, as we reshape our portfolio and put the emphasis and focus on where we believe it needs to be and where we have a right to win. And then beyond that as I said, we would expect a growth in both the top-line and the bottom-line. So more to come on that front as we – as we design the incentive with our comp committee, but I can assure you it will be aligned.
Bryan Spillane: But would it be fair to say that volume maybe less important going forward given the focus on some of the smaller, maybe just revenue per unit brands?
Gavin Hattersley: But as we make decisions on our portfolio and make decisions around what we are going to focus on and what we're not going to focus on, obviously that will be reflected in our volume plan for the year ahead. So if there are skews that we believe are unproductive for us to be focusing on and we eliminated them and that would be reflected in the goals for volume. Obviously the emphasis for us is on our core brands and our innovation and our above premium portfolio. And Bryan, we really excited about the innovation portfolio, which we've got coming. The feedback we've got from our distributor network and from our retail partners around brands like Blue Moon Light Sky and Saint Archer Gold and Arnold Palmer Spiked, Cape Line and Peroni I can go on and on and on and is palpable. So obviously the focus will be there for us.
Bryan Spillane: All right. Thanks, Gavin. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Hey, thanks. So Gavin, that the plans you laid it out calls for you to invest in brands and invest in above premium, invest more in beyond beer, do it all with increased marketing and funded with accelerated productivity, which I think makes sense. But to what extent is that really a change or just an acceleration of what I think you were really already doing?And to the earlier question between the incremental savings benefits and the lowered EBITDA outlook, it looks like we're talking about is maybe a couple of hundred million dollars maybe a couple hundred basis points of incremental investment in revitalize marketing and innovation over the life of the plan. Is that right? And if so, why are we sure that that's, that's enough to overcome the headwinds your portfolio has been facing, and as you say, it continues to face? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, we look under the plan that I've outlined, Steve, thanks. What's going to be different? Well, I think you're going to see us take more calculated risks. Hopefully you've already started to see that with some of the breakthrough marketing campaigns that we've gotten. And you'll see that in some of the innovation which we're going to come forward with. I would like to hope that you've already seen a change in how quickly we are coming to market. We've been too slow in the past and we're going to move even quicker than we have in the last sort of six months or so.And we are going to diversify our portfolio. Changing the name of the company to Molson Coors Brewing Company, it might seem like a small change but it's a very deliberate reflection of where we see potential future growth for us, which is in beyond beer. So we're going to be able to fund the good ideas without making the tradeoffs that we've had to make potentially in the past behind our bigger brands.So if you're looking for what's different, moderate more calculated risks, moving much quicker and being able to invest behind our core brands, behind breakthrough marketing, behind those core brands, but more particularly behind our both premium and in innovations and beyond beer that's coming. I think that's quite a meaningful difference to what's happened in the past.
Steve Powers: Okay. So just to clarify, so let's say, the changes you can do, it's an endgame, as opposed to having to make a choice between iconic core brands and new and improved initiatives. And then I think you can do – we can do both with the increased level of investment?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. That's part of it, Steve. That's correct.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. So Gavin, as you look forward, could you kind of give us a sense of, to what extent if any – the firm's capital allocation priorities may change? Where do you see leverage going and it's specifically where I'm coming from is as you talk about going beyond beer so to speak. Does this mean that M&A is going to be a larger focus going forward? And can you give us a sense of order of magnitude and how big and what kind of targets you're giving to the firm for non-beer to be longer term, three, four, five years out? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. So a lot of questions there let me try and capture all of them.So first and foremost, let me reiterate that our investment grade ratings important to us and anything we do in the world of M&A is going to take that into account. I see this as more of a bolt-on strategy, much like we've done in the UK with brands like Sharp’s and breweries like Franciscan Wells and in the United States with the cross companies like Hop Valley and Terrapin. And we're going to build when we can, we'll borrow when we don't have the capabilities like Arnold Palmer Spiked as an example. All the credentials and we'll buy when it's necessary are compelling, but it remains very much a bolt-on strategy.As far as beyond beer is concerned I'm obviously not going to tip my hand to our competitors just yet, but we've already started moving in that direction and we plan to accelerate that movement. You know, just a few examples of that would be movo wine spritzers, La Colombe hard coffees, Cannabis joint venture in Canada. As I said to Steve on the previous question, changing our name to Molson Coors Beverages actually recognizes what's possible for our business, not only in beer but in beverage, it points to the way forward. And our M&A strategy in this regard would be the same as what I've just said from a bolt-on strategy point of view.
Robert Ottenstein: And the beyond beer would report into Marino?
Gavin Hattersley: It would report into our present and emerging brands that Pete Marino, yes.
Robert Ottenstein: All right. All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Thanks, good morning everyone. A brief sort of maintenance one on the prior question. Can you touch on buyback? You did not – stocks obviously underperformed. I am sure you're just pleased about that. Where does share buyback fit in, if at all with respect to capital allocation?The other question though, the more strategic question, not a big hit on this call so far, but certainly has been in others and that would be Spike Seltzers which obviously continued to do really, really well, didn't really see anything in the release with respect to that. Your key competitors are leaning in here pretty hard both with existing and new brands. ABI obviously coming in with Bud Light, Constellation with Corona, but haven't really heard anything on that front. Update on the Spike Seltzer category whether this is just more investment behind Henry’s which has a couple of points of share, but it's been bleeding a bit as of late. Any plans to extend the Coors Light brand? Any update there would be helpful? Thank you very much.
Gavin Hattersley: Cool, okay. I’ll take your second question and then Tracey, if you wouldn't mind taking the capital allocation share buyback question. So Kevin, yes, for sure we believe the seltzer category is here to stay. We don't believe it's going to continue to grow at the meteoric rate, which has done forever, but it's a category that we need to do a much better job competing in and we need to do that in a meaningful way and we plan to do that.Although it's off a small base at the moment, we're excited to see Henry's Spark is growing triple digits and we've got plans to revamp that brand in 2020. In the early next year we're coming out with Vizzy, which is a hard seltzer that we think can effectively compete in the segment in the long-term? It's a brand that's got 5% ABV, 100 calories, but it's got distinguishing characteristics to make it standout from the competition in which we believe can leapfrog them. So stay tuned on that because we'll announce more about Vizzy along with a few other interesting ideas that we've got soon. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert: Okay. So let me pick-up the buyback, Kevin. So we look at our capital allocation model in three buckets. We look at returning cash to shareholders. We just have increased our dividend this last quarter. We announced that earlier this year, so increased it to the 20% to 25% trailing EBITDA. And we look at back – of strengthening our balance sheet, and as Gavin said, maintaining our investment grade rating is really important, but continuing to pay down our debt. And then the third bucket is investing behind growth and the revitalization plan that Gavin has laid-off has got the incremental investment behind our brands and our business. When we look at our capital allocation, we obviously run all of the investments through our PET model. We have discussions with our finance committee around capital allocation and but at this point in time we are focusing on those three buckets as I've mentioned.
Gavin Hattersley: I hope that helps, Kevin. Next question, Steven.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sean King with UBS. Please go ahead.
Sean King: Hi. Thank you. Can you talk about how inputs play into your initial 2020 EBITDA outlook? Are you modeling any benefit from using aluminum or logistics headwinds?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Sean. Look I think the commodity environment is pretty well understood from a public point of view we're expecting freight to come down and then that's demonstrated in the fact that we've reduced our freight surcharge to our distributors over the prior year.Tracey, do you want to give any additional comments on that?
Tracey Joubert: Yes certainly and soon we will give more guidance in Q4 around our COGS for next year. But certainly we've had a look at number of inputs commodities. We've continued to see inflation this year. So we'll build that into our plans for next year and we have full setting to our plans for next year, but – and if I can ask if you can wait until our Q4 call, we'll give you more details on our COGS guidance for next year.
Sean King: Okay, thank you…
Gavin Hattersley: That'd be on edge that Sean, is obviously that which we know about and we do hedge and we do have freight programs that which we know about is built into our EBITDA guidance that which we don't control like tariffs and it’s not built into guidance.
Sean King: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi, good morning. I was just trying to understand what kind of category of growth you’re implying in this guide for 2020, and also your commentary about coming back to growth in 2021 for both top-line and EBITDA? So basically, I mean, number one is that a soft guidance or aspiration?And number two, if you can give us again the category performance that is embedded in your algorithm. Is that the premium lights in economy, can get to flat and that the growth will be driven by above premium or you're still embedding some decline into premium lights and economy and then getting all the growth with innovation? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea and good morning. So let me go maybe category-by-category. From an economy portfolio segment point of view, we're not expecting the economy segment to grow. We're expecting it to decline. As we expect the Premium Light category to decline as well. Our goal within Premium Light with our iconic Miller Lite and Coors Light brands through the breakthrough marketing, which we've developed and we continue to build on along with the additional firepower that we've got, is that we believe we can continue to grow a meaningful share in what is a declining segment. But let's not forget that it's around 100 million hectoliters of volume declining at a sort of 1% to 2% rate. So lot of volume out of there and there's a lot of shade that we can go after. Certainly our forecast saw that the above premium segment will continue to grow, it will grow strongly and we intend to accelerate our share there as we go forward.
Andrea Teixeira: Gavin, I think you – I think another, I think Steve have had asked the question, how much you are aspiring within this and still have your volumes in the U.S. – think your volumes in the U.S. and the above premium is only about 10%, do you think you can – you can get that 10% of how much in the next two years?
Gavin Hattersley: Andrea, so I'm not going to put a specific number to that but I would say to you that we expect to have a meaningfully greater percentage in our both premium portfolio in the years ahead, that's where our investment is going to be, that's where our focus is going to be. Our innovation pipeline is focused there. So just to cover them again, brands like Blue Moon Light Sky and our investment behind Peroni has proven that when we've got marketing that works and we've got the marketing spend to put behind it that we can drive significant growth in our above premium brands. Peroni is up strong-double digits in the first three quarters of 2019 and is more than tripled its growth rate for the first nine months. That's what's different in this plan. When we've got the money and we've got the ideas we can make the brands work.
Andrea Teixeira: Thank you, Gavin.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Everybody, good afternoon. When we think about the – hey Gavin, when I think about the revitalization plan, it sounds, it sounds familiar. You've got a good history of cost savings, achieving the savings, reinvesting it in the business. I think you had outlook some years ago of getting to flat by 2018. It sounds like more money is just – more cost saving is more money getting invested; again I’m expecting a bit of a different outcome. So can you maybe discuss a bit in a bit more detail, what's different this time or how you're approaching it differently and how do you know that the issue is not, it's not just money and investment, but maybe something more broader?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, that's a great question, Kaumil. So let me try and take that. We've got fine examples of when we have great ideas and we spend more money that we can drive a better performance and we've got green shoots popping up all over the place. From a – what's different point of view, I'll go back to the comments I made earlier on. We are going to take more risks than we have in the past. We're going to move much more quickly and we're not going to have to make the trade-off decisions that we may have had to make in the past between where we would put our investment dollars because we were being choiceful and that doesn't mean that we're – that we're going to become irresponsible or reckless and how we spend our money. But we're going to be, we're going to be careful but not as to make the tradeoffs we've had to make up in the past.What's going to be different is we extend much more beyond beer without having to sacrifice for the larger brands, which I just talked about. We're going to invest a meaningfully bigger amount behind new capabilities, particularly in the world of digital and data management and systems capabilities for our supply chain and resources behind capabilities for our employees. We're going to invest in above premium. Again, we just gave the Peroni example; Blue Moon Belgian White also had its best trends since Q4 2017. Cape Line is a Top 10 growth brand, but allowed 20 consecutive quarters of segment share growth and Coors Light had segment share acceleration of volume improvement following the new creative. So we've got the green shoots, we've got the proof that when we have the firepower we put it behind our brands that we can make a difference.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Okay. If I could just ask you about beyond beer or a little bit more on beyond beer as part of the portfolio, the bulk of the business is still Miller Lite or Coors Light that there is still the two most important by far as you mentioned they're showing some improving trends and you're in at the beginning of a new revitalization plan. How do you prevent beyond beer from being a distraction because if you can get those other two working, the overall business will look much better and you'll be able to invest more in beyond beer at a faster pace. But ideally you'd need to get the core in better condition first. So how do you – changing the company name, all of this happening at the same time, how do you prevent it from being a distraction?
Gavin Hattersley: It’s a great question, Kaumil. So, I mean, that is one of the reasons why we've setup a new role in my organization, which is the president of the emerging brands and Pete Marino is going to hit that up and that's going to be focusing on beyond beer. It's going to be focusing on our craft businesses, on our cannabis area, on wine and spirits. It will also look after our license in export brands. So that will be very specifically focused in Pete's area. Michelle is Head of Marketing for North America, but actually for our global brands as well globally. We'll be primarily focused on our core heritage iconic brand.So we will have two big leaders focusing on these two areas. The part of the plan is ensuring that that we built and funded to do both, Kaumil. I mean that's what's the different about this plan. And the other thing is different is over the last few years, we've made a lot of progress in deleveraging, generating cash and delivering on our financial commitments. But in some respects we've done that and with this plan we're now able to do both.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Vivien Azer: Hi, good afternoon. I wanted to dig in a little bit more on the underlying algorithm for the U.S. from a segment perspective. So I understand what you guys are saying about, you know, really needing to stabilize the core and then over indexing in growth in above and then extending to beyond beer. But it's – you guys aren't the only ones that are doing that. And so, what I'm struggling with a little bit is understanding how the beer category broadly in your portfolio specifically improves because I would think that beer is going to be giving up shelf space from a category perspective to accommodate all this innovation in the hard seltzer. So how are you guys thinking about managing your own shelf space to ensure that this innovation is incremental? And how do you defend against what seemingly should be a shrinking shelf space environment for beer? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Vivien, great points, right. But I think that ideas and breakthrough marketing and breakthrough innovation will lead the charge and we intend to be at the forefront of that. We've seen what can happen when you bring breakthrough innovation. The seltzer category is a fine example of that. And under our revitalization plan, it's our intent that we are the leader in many of these new capabilities and new brands. We've got a great distribution network and we've got a tremendous chain team, which does – that does a very good job of making sure that we get our fair share of space on the shelf. And I think in combination, we will have the result that we're looking for, which has substantially improved above premium percentage of our portfolio.Part of what I also said was we’ll be making choices and choices sometimes means that we will – we won't focus on brands, which are in meaningful decline or SKUs that are in meaningful decline. And we'll put our resources and focus on the growth areas of our business, which is above premium. We think that algorithm works for us. We think 2020 will be a transition year as we move towards that with growth coming in 2021.
Vivien Azer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from a Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Great, thanks. Good morning. One question that I keep getting is whether or not there's actually enough flexibility like in the plan. So coupled with the fact that you've mentioned a couple times remaining investment grade is important and have highlighted the better financial position that you're in. The question is just if EBITDA's forecast to be down mid singles next year in this transition year, if revenues are down, let's say take the low end of your range and say low single digits, it doesn't feel like there is a lot of flexibility to keep the level – number one to hit 3.5, but number two for it not to kind of creep back up a little bit if revenue doesn't come through as hoped because there's greater volume de-leveraging and the category continues to be under so much pressure. So can you just talk a little bit about that element of all of us? How it fits together in terms of financial flexibility and making sure you really do have the room to do everything that you want to do and to feed those areas where you see these green shoots? Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Lauren. Look we've made a lot of progress, as I said, in the last few years, deleveraging and generating cash and delivering on the financial commitments that we made at the time of the acquisition of the 58% of MillerCoors that we didn't own. 2020 is a transition year for us. And we've – there's a lot of hard work to do to implement this revitalization plan. And you said that not all of our spend is going to come in on day one and not all of the cost savings are going to come in on day one. But yes, I do believe that given the work that we've done over the last few years and given the work that we've put into this plan and executing against this plan that we will have the money to put behind the breakthrough ideas and the beyond beer expansion that we want to do. You're seeing the results of that in 2021. Obviously, we'll have green shoots and we'll show them to you as we progressed over the next 12 to 15 months.
Lauren Lieberman: And I guess, Tracey, from your standpoint and the view on unlevered and the importance of the investment grade rating that feels comfortable under the confines of this plan.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So as Gavin said and we've reiterated a number of times, investment grade rating is very important to us. And so the plan that we've laid out does take that into account.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, thanks for taking the follow-up. So just a couple of other cleanups just as we've got some questions in. First, Tracey, the $1.1 billion plus or minus free cash flow guidance for next year. I think your underlying free cash flow typically excludes like the cash costs for restructuring. So I just want to verify that that's the case. It's going to exclude the cash costs related to the restructuring program.
Tracey Joubert: Yes, Bryan, that’s correct. That does exclude that.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then I think – in the prepared remarks, I think, there's some discussion about additional CapEx to support growth. So I just wanted to flesh out does that imply that that CapEx rate, which I think that kind of the normalized rate we were thinking over time was about $650 million. Does it imply that it might be a little bit elevated over the course of this three year plan?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So, again, we’re going to give more detailed CapEx guidance in Q4, when we give our guidance for the 2020 year. So if you don't mind waiting until then, Bryan, we can get into a bit more detail.
Bryan Spillane: Sure.
Gavin Hattersley: And it will be included in the $1.1 billion guidance that we've given, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Within the confines of that guidance, okay. That's helpful. And then just the last one, Gavin, the investments in the Golden brewery, is that in part to make the company like more productive or more efficient at producing a wide range of maybe smaller batch production run. So if the ambition is to sort of expand into all these different adjacencies, this sort of retooling at Golden allows you to do that in a more efficient fashion?
Gavin Hattersley: If you go back to – I mean it's part of our overall plan, Bryan, to modernize our brewery network and make us more flexible and more efficient and more able to be nimble in dealing with the changing consumer tastes and profiles that we've got. So, we just commissioned the Chilliwack brewery up in the Vancouver area where we've broken ground on the Montreal brewery and the Golden brewery – and some parts of the Golden brewery are pretty old. And so, this plan will modernize that and make it much more efficient. And again, that's also built into the guidance and its part of our capital plan that we've had for quite some time now, so nothing unusual yet.
Bryan Spillane: All right. Thanks Gavin. Thanks Tracey.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great, thank you also for the follow up and I want to just dig a little bit deeper into the last question. So, on the free cash flow, that's substantially a lower amount or a bigger hit than what's going on the EBITDA line. Obviously, you've got increased CapEx in there. You mentioned during the call that your cash tax rate was going up. Can you give us a sense of kind of the order of magnitude on the cash tax rate? And is that something that is more than a one year item? And are there any other items between the EBITDA line and the free cash flow line please?
Tracey Joubert: Hi, Robert. Yes. So, going into that $1.1 billion as you see lower EBITDA, there is slightly higher CapEx. And again, we'll give more detailed guidance on that in Q4. It’s slightly higher than the current year that we’re planning for the higher cash taxes next year. Again, I don't want to give you an absolute number. We'll talk about tax rates and that again. But we took a lot of opportunities with the tax reform last year and this year. So cash taxes, we're not going to get that benefit – going forward as bigger benefit as we got. And then the other item that I just want to mention as well is the working capital. And over the last couple of years, we've got tremendous opportunities that we've delivered around our working capital. And that's just getting more and more difficult to be able to deliver the same kind of quantum on there. So I would say that's the other missing piece for consideration on the free cash flow.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. And then Gavin, just kind of big picture looking at the whole plan, which is I think something that a lot of people have been talking about for a while. The one piece that that seems to be missing or potentially missing is any kind of rationalization of the brewery footprint. Now that you're looking at North America as a whole and you're building out some of the large breweries in Canada and you're building, you're updating Golden. Can you give us your current thoughts on the brewery footprint over the next few years and if there are opportunities there to optimize the system? Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. Look, I mean, as I've said before, we routinely evaluate our optimal footprint by capacity and efficiency and we're going to continue to do that as the business required. But you’re right. I mean the fact that reforming one North American supply chain team under Brian's leadership is going to allow us to make decisions that are more streamlined, that are more coordinated and more effective and they’re more quick.
Robert Ottenstein: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Thank you also for the follow-up. Just qualitatively on the restructuring and the reorganization efforts, clearly that's a funding source for you and a capability enabler longer-term. But near-term, does it actually complicate some of the revitalization efforts just by adding one more big initiative to the organization's plates? And I guess, if so, how do you manage that? You spoke to the complexity of managing sort of beyond beer initiative, but just more tactically, how do you manage the potential distraction of the restructuring and the reorganization itself? Thanks.
Tracey Joubert: Right. I mean, there's no doubt, Steve, that in the short-term it will be a little distracting. I would say that our restructuring is less focused on the front end of the business and larger on the back end of the business, which is a positive. So our objective is to make sure that our retail customers and our distributor network are as little impacted as possible. But we're going to move with great speed and hope to get this done in quite quick order. Obviously, there are some things which will take longer to do than others. Sure, it's hard, but not changing, not really an option for us because we want to make sure that we have the funding resources for the future and we believe that this plan does exactly that.
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you very much.
Gavin Hattersley: You’re welcome.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Gavin Hattersley for any closing remarks.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, thanks very much Steven. And if there are any additional questions that we weren't able to answer today, Tracey and I are planning to meet with many of you over the next few weeks to answer any clarifying questions that you may have. And in the meantime, you can always contact Mark Swartzberg if there are any more technical questions that you want to ask. So just in closing, I'm very excited about the plan that we've outlined. We're going to take more calculated risks. We're going to move fast. We're going to diversify our portfolio beyond beer. We are going to put the investment behind our iconic brands and our people and our capabilities in a way that we just simply haven't done before. We think we've got the ideas. We think you're seeing the breakthrough marketing that we can come with. And we believe that this plan can get us back to consistent topline growth over the medium-term. So thanks very much for your attention today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Swartzberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark Swartzberg: Thank you, Gary, and hello, everyone. Following prepared remarks this morning, we will turn the call over for your questions, as Gary said. [Operator Instructions]. In terms of safe harbor, today's discussion includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations and projections contained in such statements are disclosed in the company's filings with the SEC. The company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. GAAP reconciliations for any non-U.S. GAAP measures are included in our news release or otherwise available on the company's website at molsoncoors.com. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to our CEO, Mark Hunter.
Mark Hunter: Thank you, Mark, and hello and welcome, everybody. With me on the call this morning are Tracey Joubert; the CEOs of our business units; Lee Reichert, our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer; and Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller. Now before we begin, I'm sure you all saw the press release now earlier this morning announcing my retirement on September 27. It's been a privilege to serve as the Molson Coors CEO for the past 5 years, and I've thoroughly enjoyed engaging with our investors and analysts throughout our journey. This leadership change has been worked through with our Board as part of our ongoing succession planning at the executive level. I'm genuinely excited about the future for Molson Coors and proud of what we've accomplished over the past 5 years. Our goal with the acquisition of MillerCoors and the Miller International business was to create a bigger and better company. In 2015 and 2016, we planned for and executed on the step change and transformed our scale. In 2017 through to today, we've delivered on the integration and the initial deleverage and synergy commitments made at the time of the acquisition despite higher inflation and softer industry demand than anticipated. Along the way, we've also strengthened our culture with the introduction of our First Choice ambition and bolstered the leadership and capabilities of our people through our Commercial Excellence and World Class Supply Chain programs. As we now shift emphasis to greater focus on top line growth while remaining financially disciplined, it's an appropriate time for me to pass the baton on to Gavin to lead the company through our next chapter of continuing to energize, premiumize and modernize our portfolio and to move beyond beer with disruptive thinking. And you are already seeing some of the fruits of this work. Now while I'm happy to be able to move on to my next phase after a 36-year career and spend more time with my family in the U.K., along with the rest of the Board, I'm also very excited to see Gavin take over the reins and help successfully drive the company forward in its next chapter. Gavin has been on the executive team for the past 7 years and is well-known to many of you as the former Molson Coors global CFO and as the leader of our U.S. business unit for the past 4 years. He knows our business, he knows you and he shares my absolute passion for our people, our brands and our success. Now our time today is focused on earnings. So for the balance of the call today, Tracey and I will take you through highlights of our second quarter 2019 results for our company along with some perspective on the second half of 2019. And related slides can be found on the Investor Relations page of our website. After a solid start in the first 4 months of the year, May and June were challenging, reflecting unfavorable weather and weak industry demand across our major geographies, resulting in a disappointing volume performance in the quarter. Despite this backdrop, we executed our plans for incremental brand investment to drive accelerated portfolio premiumization and innovation impact across our business. Encouragingly, we delivered strong constant currency net sales per hectoliter growth of 3.7%, and our share trends improved in the U.S. and were stable in Europe. We also saw strong premium light share growth in the U.S. as Miller Lite and Coors Light each gained segment share. And this was ahead of the newly launched Coors Light "Made to Chill" advertising, which is focused on new drinker recruitment by dramatizing Coors Light's purpose to refresh the spirit through its mountain-cold refreshment credentials. We believe this creative platform is distinctive, disruptive and breakthrough. We also through the quarter maintained our focus on cash flow through ongoing cost savings, productivity improvements and improving our working capital. We remain resolute on the ambition to improve our top line through increased investments in our brands, portfolio premiumization and innovation initiatives, including the launch of our Truss cannabis-infused nonalcoholic beverage portfolio in Canada later this year. We are committed to doing this while maintaining our investment-grade credit rating and strengthening our quarterly dividend, which increased by 39% to $0.57 per share, in line with our target of 20% to 25% of prior fiscal year underlying EBITDA and is payable for the first time in September. And as you know, our First Choice strategy has 3 major components focused on top line, bottom line and use of cash allowing us to improve shareholder returns. Earning more is focused on improving top line growth, and we know our top line performance can improve. Encouragingly, the quarter showed our disciplined pricing across our brands and regions, positive global mix, improved share trends in the U.S., maintenance of share in the Europe, our focus on reshaping and premiumizing our portfolio and the readiness to spend against this focus. Our use less discipline is demonstrated by enterprise productivity and cost-savings initiatives, all of which remain on track. This includes our work in Canada, where we have been brewing trials in our new British Columbia brewery and recently completed the sale of our Montréal property and are in the early stages of building a state-of-the-art brewery in Longueuil, Quebec. I'm pleased with our progress monetizing and modernizing our brewery footprint in Canada and expect significant benefits from the upgrades we are making to our network, including more flexible capacity to meet demand, lower unit operating costs and increased supply chain efficiency. Please remember that the one-off start-up costs for the new brewery in British Columbia impacted the Q2 results in Canada. Now more broadly in relation to using less and as former Coors Brewing Chairman, Bill Coors, once said, "Waste is a resource that's out of place." Molson Coors helped pioneer the recyclable aluminum can revolution 60 years ago, and this year we're stepping up our efforts to tackle the global plastic waste crisis. Over the next 2 weeks, we will launch our Beer Print report 2019 outlining the progress made against the 2025 sustainability goals. With the release of the report, we will also launch a set of additional ambitious commitments to minimize the impact of our packaging, alongside the great work that's already underway across our responsibility, sustainability and exclusiveness agenda. And finally, alongside earning more and using less, we continue to invest wisely. As you saw in the quarter, we are investing more behind more on commercial agenda and increasing marketing and sales plan to in the per hectoliter basis and an absolute dollars in the quarter and first half. You should look for us increased spending against attractive consumer segments and brands without sacrificing our deleverage and cash return objectives. In other words, we intend to use multiple tools to deliver improving top line performance, namely higher-return commercial spend, targeted increases in brand investment and innovation and a more effective supply chain and minimizing out of stocks. In terms of deleverage, we recently completed the sale of our Montréal brewery for CAD 126 million, providing us with additional funds for debt paydown. And on July 15, we repaid $500 million of senior notes through a combination of cash and new commercial paper. And we expect to continue to delever, thereby, maintaining and strengthening our investment-grade credit rating. So with that context, let me pass over to Tracey.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Mark, and hello, everyone. I will speak first to the quarter on a consolidated and regional basis, then to our 2019 outlook, and finally, to our capital allocation plan. So to recap the quarter, our net sales revenue decreased 2.9% in constant currency. Although we delivered strong pricing in each business unit as well as improving global mix, this was more than offset by volume declines. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 3.7% in constant currency. Our worldwide brand volume decreased 5.6% and financial volume decreased 7%. Our global priority brand volume decreased 4.6%. Underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 6% on a constant currency basis driven by inflation, volume deleverage and increased packaging costs associated with our U.S. bottle furnace rebuild, partially offset by cost savings. Underlying MG&A increased 5.7% on a constant currency basis driven by increased brand investment and cycling of G&A benefits from the prior year. As a result, underlying EBITDA decreased 12.8% on a constant currency basis. Our year-to-date underlying free cash flow was $560.7 million, 15% below the prior year, driven by lower underlying EBITDA and higher cash tax payments, partially offset by lower capital expenditures and lower cash interest payments. Now moving to our business units. In the U.S., overall industry demand was softer year-on-year, and net sales revenue decreased 2.9% driven by 6.7% decline in sales-to-wholesalers, excluding contract brewing, partially offset by net price increases. COGS per hectoliter increased 4.7% driven by inflation, volume deleverage and increased packaging costs associated with our bottle furnace rebuild, partially offset by cost savings. MG&A increased 4.5% reflecting higher marketing investments focused on our above premium and innovation brand as well as cycling lower employee incentive expense in the prior year, partially offset by the incremental cost reductions related to the restructuring program initiated in the third quarter of 2018. As a result, underlying EBITDA decreased 8.2%. In the second quarter, we took share in premium light with Coors Light returning to segment share growth and Miller Lite gaining segment share for the 19th consecutive quarter and also holding industry share. Our above premium portfolio has a number of fast-growing brands, including Peroni, Sol, Arnold Palmer Spiked Half & Half and Henry's Hard Sparkling, which grew strongly and gained share of FMBs according to Nielsen. This growth was more than offset by declines from Leinenkugel Shandy family and Redd's franchise. Blue Moon Belgian White had its best quarterly volume performance since the fourth quarter of 2017, holding industry share. And Cape Line, our new sparkling cocktail offering, has been a top 10 growth brand per Nielsen since early June. In Europe, net sales revenue decreased 2.4% on a constant currency basis due to a 6.5% decline in brand volume partially offset by strong price increases and favorable mix. COGS per hectoliter increased 7.5% in constant currency primarily driven by inflation and volume deleverage. MG&A increased 8.7% in constant currency, reflecting higher overall marketing investment focused on our national champion brand and premiumization initiatives as well as cycling last year's partial reversal of bad debt provisions. As a result, underlying EBITDA decreased 18.4% in constant currency.  We knew we were facing challenging comparisons due to the 2018 World Cup and the exceptional summer weather last year, and yet the quarter was still disappointing driven by unfavorable weather and softer market demand. We remain confident in our ability to drive balanced net sales revenue growth through our strategy of investing behind our national champion brand and accelerating our premium portfolio. Despite soft demand, this strategy is resulting in net sales per hectoliter growth of 4.3% on a constant currency basis in the quarter and protection of our market share.  In Canada, net sales revenue decreased 2.9% on a constant currency basis driven primarily by 5.1% decline in brand volume primarily due to softness in industry volume, partially offset by positive pricing. COGs per hectoliter increased 7.6% in constant currency driven by inflation and increased distribution costs, unfavorable sales mix, volume deleverage and brewery start-up costs in British Columbia, partially offset by cost savings. MG&A increased 9.5% in constant currency driven by higher overall marketing investment focused on Coors Light and Molson Canadian programming, our premiumization efforts and modernization of our portfolio through innovation as well as Truss start-up costs. As a result, underlying EBITDA decreased 25.4% in constant currency. Weak industry demand drove the majority of our volume declines, with premium segment share trends continuing to improve for our Coors trademark and Molson Canadian brand. Coors trademark volume was positively impacted by the successful launch of Coors Light and growth in Coors Edge, and we continue to realize strong double-digit growth from Belgian Moon and Miller Lite. Also note, we continue to estimated Truss-related start-up costs of CAD 10 million to CAD 15 million in 2019. In our International business, net sales revenue decreased 12.1% on a constant currency basis driven by an 11.9% decline in brand volume along with the shift to local production in Mexico. This was partially offset by price increases and a positive geography shift. COGS per hectoliter increased 7.8% in constant currency driven by inflation and sales mix changes. MG&A decreased 5.3% in constant currency driven by lower overhead costs, partially offset by higher marketing investments behind our focus brands. As a result, underlying EBITDA decreased 10.8% on a constant currency basis to $5.8 million. Brand volume declined due to higher net pricing on Coors Light in Mexico and supply chain constraints related to the general election in India, partially offset by double-digit growth in several of our focus markets including Argentina, Panama and Puerto Rico. Coors Light volume were down principally because of Mexico while Miller Lite volume increased mid-single digits across all of our international markets. Moving to outlook. Our earnings release details our guidance. We continue to expect 2019 consolidated underlying COGS per hectoliter to increase at a mid-single-digit rate on a constant currency basis. In terms of cost savings, we continue to expect a total of $700 million of savings for the 3 years ending 2019 and plan an adding $450 million for the period 2020 through 2022 to be spread evenly over that period. These savings will help fund our investment plans, the cost of achieving the saving and offset input inflation. We continue to expect our International business to deliver underlying EBITDA growth of strong double digits in constant currency for 2019 versus 2018, and we continue to estimate underlying free cash flow of $1.4 billion, plus or minus 10% this year. Now finally, before I hand the call back to Mark, a few comments regarding our recently announced dividend increase modeling and our approach to brand support. Our next quarterly dividend, declared at $0.57 per share, is payable September 13 and brings our dividend in line with our target of 20% to 25% of prior fiscal year underlying EBITDA. We ended the second quarter with normal levels of inventory and a shift to consumption on a year-to-date basis. Recall that Trenton and Fort Worth go live last year led to very strong STWs in the third quarter contributing to very soft STWs in the fourth quarter. We have two remaining system go lives in Albany, Georgia and Irwindale, California, and these remain on track to complete them by year-end. The inventory bulk will be limited within these brewery orbits. So for the balance of the year, we expect to shift to consumption and anticipate prior year comparisons will lead to high STW trend in the fourth quarter than the third quarter. Our third quarter will also reflect the lapping of the favorable resolution of a U.S. vendor dispute, which was more than half of the MG&A capability in the third quarter of last year. And we will also be lapping Canada's distribution within COGS in the third quarter of last year. Finally, North American industry conditions remain challenging, and we'll continue to spend our dollars efficiently while also increasing spending against attractive consumer segments and brands. And as Mark said, we will do so without sacrificing our deleverage and cash return objective. At this point, I'll return the call back to Mark.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Tracey. Now as you know, our earn more focus depends upon extraordinary brands, customer excellence and disruptive growth. So looking at our brands. We continue to realize strong pricing across our business units giving us more fuel for brand investment, which is increasing to energize our core brands, premiumize and modernize our portfolio. In terms of our core brands, as I mentioned, within the U.S., we saw strong premium light share growth, and we expect this to accelerate where our new Coors Light advertising has just launched. And more on that in a second. In terms of premiumization, global mix became positive as a result of our performance in Europe and through package mix. And though package mix in the U.S. trending unfavorably, this is partially offset by brand mix, which was positive for the first time in the U.S. since early 2018. Drivers of our premiumization progress included Staropramen and Pravha in Europe, Belgian Moon in Canada; and Cape Line, Blue Moon, Belgian White, Peroni, Henry's Hard Sparkling, Arnold Palmer Spiked Half & Half and the Sol trademark in the U.S. We also expect bolt-on M&A to continue to aid premiumization. And in Europe, we recently completed the purchases of Pardubický Pivovar in the Czech Republic and Hop Stuff Brewery in London. Our global brands benefited from yet more strong performance from Blue Moon and Belgium Moon in Canada, Europe and International, with Staropramen in Europe and Miller Lite in our International and Canada business growing strongly. In terms of reshaping our portfolio, we are demanding more from innovation. In hard seltzer, we're committed to building on the performance Tracey mentioned adding offerings in this segment, reflecting our confidence in the Henry's brand and the hard seltzer segment. And of course, Coors Light is our largest brand. And though we are pleased to see its premium light segment share improve in our largest market, that's simply not enough. Our new creative started running this week and Gavin, Michelle, our U.S. distributors and I are excited about "Made to Chill", which is focused on new drinker recruitment by dramatizing Coors Light's purpose to refresh the spirit through its mountain cold refreshment credentials. We believe the creative platform is distinctive, disruptive and break through, especially for new legal drinking age adults. Turning to customer excellence. We continue to be a leader in category management in the U.S. as evidenced by our first place result amongst beer suppliers in the most recent annual Advantage survey and another first place on-premise result in the most recent annual CM Profit Group survey. In Central Europe, we are seeing strong growth in both major channels and our Net Promoter Score. And in Canada, we continue to help customers drive category growth as evidenced by our achievement of the Partner of the Year Award with the LCBO in Ontario. We're also improving our intensity behind disruptive growth, premiumizing and extending our portfolio to meet the expanding area of consumer taste and occasions. In the U.S., that includes strong double-digit growth for Peroni; early success with Cape Line sparkling cocktails; encouraging test market performance from Saint Archer Gold, a premium light craft lager; Movo wine spritzers; and the pending test of La Colombe hard coffees in select markets; and the strong growth of Sol Chelada following its national introduction earlier this year. In Canada, Coors Slice, Aquarelle Hard Seltzer and Bella Amari are performing well. And in International, our portfolio was benefiting from continued expansion of Blue Moon, now available in more than 20 international markets. Disruption also features in our route to market, presenting new service opportunities and revenue streams as we step change our digital and e-commerce capabilities across our business. We're also excited about the disruptive potential of Truss, which remains on track for a national launch of nonalcoholic cannabis-infused beverages when they're legalized in Canada later this year. For those of you less familiar with our partnership with Canada HEXO, Truss is single-mindedly focused on cannabis-infused nonalcoholic beverages. We know Truss's portfolio of brands will taste great and be scalable because of its infusion technology and flavoring capabilities within its Belleville, Ontario facility. And Truss's portfolio will meet an array of consumer occasions. Truss's CEO, Brett Vye, heads a team that's practiced in the testing, learning and scaling necessary to make Truss a success. And the combination of Molson Coors extensive beverage expertise and HEXO's innovation capabilities in cannabis give us confidence that Truss will deliver safe, consistent and great-tasting nonalcoholic beverages to meet consumer demands. On our next quarterly earnings call, we plan to discuss Truss's portfolio of brands, which well advanced currently in terms of retailer joint business planning. So concluding on PACC and driving shareholder value. We are intensifying our focus on better top line performance and are pleased to be returning more cash to shareholders and remain committed to further deleverage, all within the context of our capital allocation framework, of strengthening our balance sheet, returning cash to shareholders and investing in brand-led opportunities through acquisitions and internal investment. So thanks for your time and attention. And with that, I'll turn it back to Mark Swartzberg.
Mark Swartzberg: Yes. Thank you, Mark. Just to remind everyone of upcoming events. We do look forward to seeing many of you at the Barclays Global Consumer Staples Conference, where we will also host a webcast at 10:30 a.m. Eastern time on Wednesday, September 4. So with that, Gary, I think we'd like to go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Amit Sharma with BMO Capital Markets.
Amit Sharma: Mark, congratulations on -- Gavin, congratulations on your promotion. And Mark, good luck with the next phase. Can you talk about -- can you just talk about, Mark, what drove the timing of the transition at this time? And then for Gavin, as you look to take over, can you highlight some of the strategic initiatives or actions that you are considering.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Let me pick up both of those. So on the first point, I mean, there's nothing unusual. When I stepped up and took over from Peter Swinburn, we did it at the same time of the year. And it's something that we've been in discussion with our Board because it allows the incoming CEO to really impact the development of our long-range plan, And Gavin will have that opportunity.  He'll transition with me over the course of the next couple of months through to end September, and then we have our Board of Directors meeting in September and November when we land our long-range plans. So that to give me the chance to do that when I come in for Peter, and it will give Gavin the chance to do that and now coming in to step up into my role. So it's been an ongoing discussion with our Board, as you can imagine. I formally retired yesterday, but our conversations with the Board have been ongoing, as you would expect for executive succession. So really, that's the timing. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, '17, '18 and '19 were very clear in terms of what we wanted to get done, and it felt appropriate to manage the timing to this level and allow Gavin to drive the next chapter.  Obviously, he's going to transition and spend time on his thinking in partnership with the executive team and the Board over the next few months. And I know he'll be ready to talk about his thinking later in the year. But Gavin, do you want to offer any kind of quick headlines at this stage?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks for that, Mark. Thanks, Amit. Look, I mean as Mark says, I'm going to spend the next few months leading the planning for 2020 and beyond. And as, of course, as would any CEO, there will be change. We need to consider all options that we can take to maximize the future potential of our business and to create additional firepower to put behind our brands and in order for us to innovate. And that's what I plan to do. Beyond that, I'm not going to get into any more detail.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: And Mark, congratulations on the retirement. And Gavin, congratulations to you on the new role. It's been a pleasure working with you, Mark.
Mark Hunter: Thanks a lot, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: Gavin, maybe just to follow up on Amit's question. We've seen across our coverage universe. A lot of companies have successfully sort been able to step back profit growth for the short term in order to reinvest and reaccelerate growth, right? You've seen it at Pepsi, at Mondelez, Proctor or Colgate. So I guess as you thinking about a 3-year plan, is there anything -- other than deleveraging and generating cash flow, is there anything that would constrain you as you're thinking about sort of actions that you would take to accelerate top line in terms of doing a reset in that fashion?
Gavin Hattersley: Bryan, let me kind of reiterate what I said earlier on, right, and which Mark said as well, is I'm going to take the next few months to flesh out my plan for 2020 and beyond, and I'll take the Board through that at the appropriate time. And in that, we need to consider the options that we've got that we can put enough firepower behind our brands and enable us to innovate. And of course, that will require some change and that's what I plan to do. Beyond that, Bryan, I'm not going to speculate on what that is specifically on this call.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Just a housekeeping item. Gavin, do you have a replacement lined up yet? And then second, my more substantive question -- and again, also obviously congratulations and good luck to both of you. As you kind of look forward to the Truss joint venture and the opportunity in cannabis and CBD, can you give us a sense of how big this could be for you? How excited you are about the potential? And tied to that, how much capital intensity could be involved in this if it's successful?
Gavin Hattersley: Well, perhaps you can take the second part of that question, Mark, and I'll just answer the first. Just reminding you, Robert -- and thanks again, that Mark did say when he was announced to succeed Peter as Chief Executive, we didn't initially name Mark's backfill. So it's consistent with our historical precedent and practice. As I said, I'm going to spend the next few months focusing on planning for the future. And as part of that process, I'll review the company structure and its operating model, which includes the MillerCoor's CEO role. Beyond that, I'm not going to speculate any further. Mark, do you want to take the Truss question?
Mark Hunter: Yes. Thanks, Robert. So Robert, I mean, I think we've laid out very clearly our intentions to be on the playing field here. We announced that over a year ago, and Canada gives us a great opportunity to really test consumers' appreciation for an appetite for the range of nonalcoholic cannabis-infused beverages that we'll launch. The team that set that -- set up that initiative have continued to monitor opportunities for cannabis in other geographies. We are watching very closely the opportunity in the U.S. particularly around CBDs. Now clearly there's still some legislative complications, but we anticipate being on that playing field and ideally, with our partnership, the -- with a partner that we have in Canada. And we have a team of people who are working on that. So I don't want to get into the details, but I'm giving you the same kind of, I think, indication that we gave ahead of us moving into the Canada market. So more to come on that in due course.
Operator: The next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with Crédit Suisse.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Congratulations to both of you. The first one, a quick one. I apologize if I missed it. I believe you gave an EBITDA growth guidance figure for International. Did you also provide that for other regions? And I see that you've shared some of the share figures for Coors Light and Miller Lite. Can you provide some details on what volumes did for the two of those combined?
Mark Hunter: We don't give EBITDA growth guidance beyond the MCI. We did that because we went through some very significant restructuring as we acquired the Miller International business, and we wanted to remove some of the complexity around that. That's why we gave the guidance last year and into this year, and we reiterated that guidance for strong double-digit EBITDA growth on a full year basis for our International business.  But with regard to our major brands, again, we don't give specific volume detail. You can pick that up from the Nielsen data in the marketplace. But we're very encouraged in particular, by the Miller Lite performance. I mean just to give you an indication, in the last 4 weeks in particular, and recognizing that July 4 timing is a little bit complex, but Miller Lite in absolute terms is up single digits in absolute volume growth in the U.S. So Miller Lite has got very good momentum behind it. And we're very excited about the opportunity for Coors Light to shift its trend. And again, through July, we're seeing the Coors Light trend improve to kind of low single-digit volumes. So May and June were clearly challenging from an overall industry perspective, but it looks like normal business has been resumed as we've come through July, which is encouraging.
Operator: The next question comes from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong: So I would also echo my congratulations to both of you. And Gavin, I don't want to focus too much on this topic, but I did want to clarify just one comment that you made about looking at all options and potentially increasing additional firepower, which to me sounds like maybe even some brand or asset sales on the table. So first, I just want to clarify that. And then secondly, to Tracey, just free cash flow guidance for the full year really implies a big step up in the back half of the year. I think by my math, around $300 million improvement in the back half. So can you walk us through the drivers of that improvement in the back half?
Gavin Hattersley: Judy, look, I don't want to say anything more beyond what I've already said, right? I'm not going to get into speculation now. But as I said, I'm going to spend the next few months working the plan and I would look at the company's structure and operating model, and we'll take it from there in the months ahead.
Mark Hunter: Tracey, do you want to pick up free cash flow?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So look, the first half of this year was very soft, as we said in our earnings release and in our remarks. We certainly expect the second half performance to be better than the first half, so that's one of the drivers of the free cash flow. And in addition, we expect to see continuing working capital improvement and benefits coming out of some of the actions we are taking around working capital. And then finally, as we are paying down our debt, we have lower cash interest payment. And so those are the big drivers towards our continuing commitment to our guidance of $1.4 billion plus or minus 10% for the full year.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: I guess first and foremost, thank you for your contributions, Mark, and congrats to Gavin. I'm not sure who of you will want to take this one, but I'd just love it if you could expand a bit more on something you've talked about in the past just in terms of what's changing with the hiring of Michelle on the marketing side, both in terms of how creative is being reshaped and reprioritized but also any changes in terms of how you may be sizing and reprioritizing marketing investments across different initiatives in dollar terms. I guess if you have anything to share on this front as well. I'd just love any -- if you've noticed any increased engagement with distributors as you travel around and discuss some of the new go-forward plans with them.
Mark Hunter: Okay. So Steve, let me split that into two. And I mean Gavin can talk specifically about Michelle's leadership impact in the business. And the reaction we're seeing from our distributors is the second part. On the first part, to be fair, over the course of the last, I would say, 24 to 36 months, we've been driving our Commercial Excellence approach very rigorously across our business. And that has set a very clear expectation about improved capability, more pace, more breakthrough ideas right across our organization. And I'm very encouraged by what I'm seeing across our broader marketing leadership group in Europe, International and our Canada business. Both Gavin and I were not happy with our performance with our marketing in the U.S., and that's why we made the decision in the middle of 2019 to make a change. Clearly, it took us a little bit longer than anticipated, but I would say that the wait was well worth it with Michelle's addition to the team. And Gavin, do you just want to just talk about what you've seen really since February and how you're looking at the focus on our marketing in the U.S. business unit?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, Mark, thanks. And thanks, Steve. Look, I mean there's a number of things I can say. Firstly, I think you can see an increased pace with how we are doing our marketing. You're going to see us target investment behind brands and ideas where we see the greatest returns, particularly in a world where consumer retention is in all-time high, and we need to have the right ideas. And when we have them, we'll put money behind them.  And a fine example of that is the work that we've done on one of our newer brand launches, which is Cape Line, and we've grown our innovation pipeline quite heavily to attract these new consumers. We are shifting a greater percentage of our investment to the above premium segment with big increases on brands, such as Blue Moon and Peroni. And we're going to continue to invest strongly in Coors Light and Miller Lite. And I'm very excited about our new Coors Light creative, and we have very strong messaging behind Miller Lite. Michelle has also continued to shift spend to digital and nontraditional media to reach those groups of consumers who now spend their time away from more traditional channels.  As far as Coors Light is concerned specifically, gained a little bit of share of segment in Q2 of 2019, which is the first time we've done that for quite some time. And obviously, we're not where we want to be at this point in time. We know that focusing back on cold refreshment was the right thing to do, and shifting that message to cold refreshment has improved trends, but it's obviously not enough. And Michelle has worked and moved very quickly to launch this big, new campaign. It feels very distinctive. It feels fresh, and it's unlike anything else you've seen in beer. I hope you've all had a chance to see it.  The "Made to Chill" platform focus on the language which resonates with young people, and it builds on occasions that we believe is only going to grow into the future. It launched yesterday and, quite frankly, I don't know that I've experienced this much excitement from the distributor network since 2005 around this. But you note, it's day 3, and we're -- whilst we're excited about it, now we need to execute against it. But the level of excitement I've felt was -- is very strong. So to summarize, we're changing where we're marketing. We're changing who we're marketing to, and we're changing the pace at which we're getting things done. And I think if you talk to our distributor network, they will concur with that as far as marketing is concerned.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Gavin. Steve, just to kind of put a full stop on this. I mean if you look across our business and look at the range and pace of initiatives that we now have in marketplace, it stepped up dramatically in the last 24 months, and I've covered many of them in the script. But if you just look within the U.S. and take Cape Line, Arnold Palmer Spiked, Henry's Hard Sparkling and the Sol family of brands, just over 24 months ago, none of those existed in our portfolio. By the end of this year, they will be millions and millions of cases of volume. So take that as, I think, indicative of what has been emerging and what will continue to emerge in our business as we further ramp up with innovation and the pace of premiumization right across all of our business units.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: And congrats and best of luck to both of you, Mark and Gavin, in this new chapter. So my main question is on the U.S. volume trends. So I was hoping to get more details on Tracey's comments about the timing of STRs and STWs. So if you're effectively calling for about mid-single-digit decline in the third quarter, because obviously, you had a bigger shipment decline in the second? And can you also let us know if the go live in the two other plants that you're planning in the third quarter and the back hand of the year could impact the shipment in the quarters?
Mark Hunter: Okay. So Tracey, do you want to just kind of reiterate the comments you made through the script? Then Gavin, if there's any additional detail on the back of that?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So at a high level, we are expecting our STRs and STWs to really converge on a full year basis. And then the comments around Q3 and Q4, so if you remember we had a very strong STW quarter in Q3 of last year. And as we ramped up the inventory for our go live at our Trenton Brewery and our Fort Worth brewery, and that resulted in very hard days of inventory at the end of September, which then lead to a very soft shipment quarter in Q4 of last year as the inventory level came down.  And then this year, we do have two remaining go lives in Albany and Irwindale. But the bulk will be limited to distributors only within those brewery orbits. So it's not really as widespread across our distributor network as the Trenton and Fort Worth breweries were. So Gavin, I don't know if you want to add to that?
Gavin Hattersley: No, Tracey. That was perfect.
Operator: The next question comes from Sean King with UBS.
Sean King: I guess with respect to the MG&A increase, how much of that was brand building spend? And should we expect the 2Q pace of MD&A growth to continue in the back half? And I guess any -- was any of that brand building spend weighted to Q2 for campaigns that go live into Q3?
Mark Hunter: Yes. So we don't break out our specific marketing spend, Sean, but I think I indicated in our Q1 call that we expected to step up particularly in Q2 and Q3 the weight of our spend because they are the critical 2 quarters in the year. So we've delivered on that promise in the second quarter. And we anticipate that continuing to step up our spend in the third quarter of this year. And confidence is growing in terms of the quality of the work that we have and the premiumization of the portfolio. So expect those to continue to really deliver on the commitments we've made, and you should see that as you've seen in the second quarter and the third quarter as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: And Mark, I wish you all the best for your next chapter. And Gavin, congrats on the new role. My question is about Europe. So first, it was the U.S. then the U.S. and Canada and now Europe is even down. So I appreciate the World Cup did impact negatively this year numbers but assuming, let's say, I mean 200 to 300 basis points of impact. And correct me if I'm wrong, this still leave us with about 3% volume drop in Europe. So could you please give us more color here? And how we should think about Europe going forward? And also, I mean, how do you see the recent change of Premier League sponsorship away from Carling to Budweiser impacting your commercialization in the U.K.?
Mark Hunter: So let me ask Simon to pick up. Simon's traveling internationally at the moment, but I think he's on the line. So if this works then, Simon, do you want to pick up that question?
Simon Cox: Yes, Mark. Thank you very much. Although we've been on a consistent run for a while now in Europe in terms of our growth. And we've tried to do that through a balance of gender, of volume, pricing and mix. That hasn't worked this quarter because ultimately, the volume line has been disappointing. I think we'd be the first to admit that. But the volume line is really fully impacted by wet and cold weather in May and June versus actually very dry and warm weather this time last year. And as you said, we also had the World Cup to lap. If you look at our pricing and our mix component, it remains consistently good as we've had for many quarters now. So all of the top line miss is very much driven by volume, and the volume is very, very heavily impacted by the weather, which is actually a much bigger driver in our estimation than the World Cup lapping. So I actually remain very, very confident that our underlying momentum is very much in line with our previous quarters. And that this quarter was an aberration due to what was effectively market demand.  And I would also point to the fact that we haven't changed our share trajectory. So if you look at our last few courses of growth, they've been consistent. They've been driven by a mix of volume and price and mix whereas in this quarter, we have just seen some very, very soft volumes. So I remain confident that the underlying strategy is working, the investment behind our brand is working. Our premiumization agenda is working very nicely, as evidenced by the mix.  And to turn to your question about the future. If volume demand comes back into more normal and throughout our group of markets, that is a sort of flattish market outlook, then I will be very confident that we will continue to post those net sales revenue growth trends. And in July, it looks like the market will be back to its normal sort of overall performance. And in July, we will continue to grow our revenues.  So in summary, I would regard it as an aberration, and I think we'll get back on track for the balance of the year, providing that the market volume stabilize, and there's every reason to believe they will.
Mark Hunter: And Simon, any comments around the Premier League reshuffle, second part of his question?
Simon Cox: Yes, sorry. Realized that was a two-part question. Yes, look, the Premier League sponsorship worked very well for us. We are very highly associated with football with Carling, but we made the decision to come out of that and reinvest behind a broader-based Carling marketing campaign, which we think actually will have even more appeal. So of course, we have to transition plan and plan that carefully. And Carling's been taking share in the mainstream lager segment for a long time now over a sustained period. We are very keen and determined that we continue to do so. And we've launched a new marketing campaign this year, which is early days, but I can be confident that we can transition to the more broad appeal rather than just a football-based appeal.
Operator: The next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen and Company.
Vivien Azer: And my congratulations to you both. So Gavin, this is something we've discussed off and on over the years, but as I look at longer-term U.S. beer industry volume trends, I fully appreciate the commentary about bad weather in May and June. And I heard you guys that July is more normalized. But if I look at the data that your largest competitor offers for the U.S. industry, it looks like 2015, down 30 basis points, than down 100 basis points, than 130 basis points, then 180 basis points. And it seems to me that there is some vigorous structural challenge in the industry. And so what I want to hear from you is that as you think about kind of establishing this next 3-year plan, are you assuming that this industry is steady state. Or is it better to assume that there's going to continue to be more structural degradation for the beer category? And any other thoughts just around the health of the category and how you can operate against that backdrop would be helpful.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, thanks, Vivien. Look, I mean I think it's safe to say that competition for consumers' attention is really at a high level in the United States. And obviously, the beer category, the beer industry needs to evolve quickly. And it needs to keep pace with consumer preferences, which are rapidly changing. I would point to the seltzers, alcoholic seltzers is a more recent example of that. A large part of seltzer's growth is coming from outside of the beer category, specifically wine and spirits. And so for us, that means that we need to keep focused on that evolving space. And as was said, it means two things for us: It means a much faster-paced innovation pipeline. And it means recruiting and focusing on drinkers, new drinkers with our core brands. And so you'll see our plan, both here in the United States and globally, embracing these new categories and focusing in on the above premium. And as Mark said, we've been very successful with Arnold Palmer Spiked and Henry's and Cape Line, all of which will be delivering millions of cases to the beer category by the end of the year from outside of the beer industry.  So I think innovation is essential. Above premium is essential. And catering to consumers' different needs is essential. And we're going to focus on all of those as we go forward.
Mark Hunter: Vivien, it's Mark here. I mean the only thing I would add to that is just making sure that we continue to keep the balance and focus between both volume and the -- really the value growth of the U.S. beer industry. Consumers are clearly changing taste, and most of the demand in the marketplace is emerging in higher-priced above premium space. So actually, the total revenue for beer in the U.S. has continued to grow despite some of the volume challenges, and that's why it's important for the Molson Coors business, across all of our business units, but particularly in the U.S. to accelerate the pace of premiumization and why you've seen -- and what you have seen emerge and why you'll see more of that going forward as we look to reshape our portfolio. So stabilizing and energizing our core brands by accelerating the pace of premiumization. And that is our agenda. That's an agenda which is on the tracks, and I know that Gavin will look to accelerate that over the coming months and years ahead.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies.
Kevin Grundy: I was going to stick with the topic of spiked seltzer, but also more broadly on innovation and disruptive thinking. Some of these topics have been touched on earlier. But specifically with spiked seltzer, how do you plan to complete in the category? It's obviously growing rapidly, albeit with little product differentiation. What's sort of the strategy there? And how are we defining success at this point? Or how is the company defining success?  And then more broadly -- and Gavin, maybe you can pick up on this as you sort of assume leadership here of the company. What do you think the company needs to do better as an organization to become faster and more in tune with changing consumer taste when you look at the companies and the brands that are leading in seltzer right now, as an example, much smaller than Molson Coors? So what do you think needs to be done here so that the company can become quicker and more responsive to changing consumer taste?
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Kevin. Do you want to pick those up, Gavin? They're kind of opposite sides of the same coin.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Sure, Mark. Thanks. Look, I mean there's no doubt, Kevin, that seltzers are big, and they're here to stay. And we think that the reason for that though is they're tapped into two big consumer trends which have evolved. One is better for you trends, and the other is consumers looking for an alternative taste for beer. And whilst Henry's is performing well, I mean, it's growing at triple digits, it's off a small base. And therefore, we bought a deep innovation funnel that we're looking at. Some of this focus is on consumer white spaces against those consumer trends, and Cape Line would be a fine example of that. It's the first better-for-you option with a stronger flavor base. And from Cape Line point of view, I'd like to point out that same stage as the evolution of White Claw. And truly, several years ago, Cape Line is actually performing meaningfully better than those two brands who were at the same stage. Again, it's only -- we've only had it in for a few months, but the early signs are very good.  And on top of that, we need to more squarely go after the seltzer space with new and unique points of differences in the marketplace. And obviously, for competitive reasons, I'm not going to get into exactly what we plan to do from that aspect, but watch this space.  As far as the innovation pipeline is concerned, I think you used the right word, right, which is pace and speed, and I think everything that we've done over the last 4 or 5 months since our marketing leadership change has demonstrated that we can do that. We're capable of doing it, and we are doing it. And there's multiple examples, which we talked about in the past. We also have with 2 of -- I mean, we've had the #1 new FMB in both 2018 and 2019 with Arnold Palmer Spiked and this year in Cape Line. We're moving quicker. We're taking smarter risks, and you're quite right. In this fast-changing environment, we can't afford to let others pass us by. So I think you will see us move with pace going forward. And from competitive point of view, I'm not going to get into specifics of that other than what we've public, which is Movo, which is line of wine spritzers, hard coffee beverages and our test market on Saint Archer Gold, which has shown great potential in its 4 test markets.
Mark Hunter: And I mean just to add to that, Gavin and Kevin, if you look more broadly, I mean Coors Slice is the #1 new item across major retailers in Canada this year. Pravha has been a remarkable success in the U.K. marketplace. So I think there's demonstration in terms of what we've already taken to market and what's in our pipeline. The organization is already, let's call it, through integration and well on track for picking up the pace and driving a significant step change in the number of initiatives that we have from an innovation and premiumization perspective across all of our business units. And you'll see more of that to come.
Operator: Your next question is from Priya Ohri-Gupta with Barclays.
Priya Ohri-Gupta: First off, Mark and Gavin, congrats to you both. Tracey, just as we think about your leverage trajectory, should we still be thinking about 3.75x on a net basis by year-end? And where should that ultimately settle out sort of in 2020 and '21? And then specific to getting to the year-end target, given the cadence of your debt maturities, should we just expect your cash to build on the balance sheet? Or would you look for incremental debt paydown opportunities given that you don't have anything maturing over the rest of the year?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So just in terms of the optimal leverage ratio, we haven't given that. I mean the -- our focus is maintaining our investment-grade rating. And then in terms of what we're expecting for the end of this year, so we expect to be below 4x by year-end. And we will continue to focus on deleverage into the future within our capital allocation strategy. At this point, we are not looking to pay down any additional debt beyond what our debt program is. So there's no sort of pre-payable that we will be making. But that would mean that towards the end of the year, we probably will have a higher level of cash on our balance sheet getting ready for the next debt that we need to pay down.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Amit Sharma with BMO Capital Markets.
Amit Sharma: Gavin, just a quick question on pricing in the U.S. We already talked about or confirmed pricing in April. Can you talk about how you view that? Is there any plan to maybe take advantage of that to push through another off-cycle pricing for you guys?
Gavin Hattersley: Nice try, Amit. I'm not going to give forward pricing guidance. I can talk about what happened in the second quarter, which is that we grew net sales per hectoliter 3.6%, with frontline of 3.9% and brand mix -- not brand mix, total mix was negative by about 30 basis points. But our brand mix was actually positive for the quarter. And that is reflective of our premium efforts. Beyond that, Amit, I'm not going to get into future pricing strategy. I can't do that.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Hunter for any closing remarks.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Gary, and thanks, everybody, for joining us. Today, obviously, we had some unexpected news for you, which we've chatted though, and Gavin and I will forward to catching up with you over the course of the next couple of months.  Just as a sign off from me, as I mentioned earlier, it's been absolute privilege to serve as the Molson Coors CEO, and I've thoroughly enjoyed engaging with our investors and our analysts over the course of the last 5 years. I will see many of you up in Boston, and you're likely to ask me questions as well as Gavin questions when we get together in a month or so time. But thanks for your time and attention today, and we look forward to connecting with you over the course of the next few weeks and months. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the Company's Safe Harbor language. Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Important factors that could affect - cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations and projections contained therein in such statements are disclosed in the Company's filings with the SEC. The Company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call, please visit the Company's website at www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to actual - to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise stated, all financial results the Company discusses today are versus the comparable prior year period in a U.S. dollars basis. Our call will span - will open with remarks from Mark Swartzberg, VP of Investor Relations of Molson Coors. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Swartzberg: Yeah. Thank you, Keith, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning. Following prepared remarks this morning, we will open the call over for your questions. Please limit yourself to one question. If you have more than one question, please ask your most pressing question first, and then reenter the queue to follow-up. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our CEO, Mark Hunter.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thank you, Mark. Hello and welcome everybody. With me on the call this morning are Tracey Joubert, our CFO; the CEOs of our business units; Lee Reichert, our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer; and Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller. Today, Tracey and I will take you through our plans to drive long-term total shareholder returns, discussing our first quarter results and outlook and as usual related slides can be found on the Investor Relations page of our website. Our first quarter was solid, delivering on our commitment to improving top-line performance while also protecting the bottom-line. Even with industry volume pressure North America and the shift of Easter from Q1 to Q2, revenue was up on a constant currency basis, driven by strong and disciplined net sales revenue per hectoliter growth across our business, ongoing portfolio premiumization and improving share trends in our largest market. While only the first and smallest of our quarters, I am encouraged by the meaningful growth of net sales revenue in the U.S., led by the increasingly strong performance of Miller Lite which held total beer industry share and an improved performance of Coors Light in our largest and most profitable market, as well as strong U.S. retailer placements for our upweighted innovation program. We also saw continuing strong net sales revenue growth in Europe, our second largest business unit. Across Molson Coors, I am pleased with the continuing acceleration of our portfolio premiumization efforts alongside our intensified innovation program, and the growth in our underlying EBITDA, which, despite higher inflation, grew on a constant currency basis. Now as you know, our first choice strategy has three major components focused on top-line, bottom-line, and use of cash allowing us to improve our long and short-term shareholder returns. And more is focused on improving top-line growth and we're advancing on multiple fronts. We're realizing strong pricing across brands and regions giving us more fuel to invest for growth. Our two largest brands improve their volume trends and our largest market, resulting in better STRs for U.S. business. Global priority brand were a key driver of our consolidated net revenue increase, a strong net sales per hectoliter gains more than offset volume, softness. Our above premium mix continued to improve with Peroni, Sol, Henry's Hard Sparkling and Arnold Palmer Spiked growing very rapidly in the U.S. Blue Moon growing rapidly outside of the U.S., a startup rum and continuing its strong growth across Europe. We continued to win at retail with additional placements flowing through Q1 and more significantly in Q2. And we're advancing in upweighted innovation program from accelerating the development of Clearly Kombucha and the full national launch of Cape Line and Sol Chelada in the U.S. the Coors Slice, Aqua-Relle and Bella Amari in Canada and to Brador in the UK, plus multiple rapid incubation initiatives such as an Archer Gold, Black Column [ph], hard coffee, and Hydra [ph]. And the readiness for launch of more disruptive initiatives such as Truss, our Canada focus cannabis beverage JV. Our use last discipline as demonstrated by more than $200 million of expected cost savings in 2019 and our expectation of another $450 million of cost savings over the period 2020 to 2022. Underlying these commitments are several enterprise productivity and capability driving initiatives, namely World Class Supply Chain 2.0, global business services, which has now scaled over 500 people in Romania, IT consolidation and procurement savings from multiple sources. All remain on track and include development of our two greenfield breweries in Canada, including our British Columbia brewery, which is on plan to begin brewing in the third quarter. And we're investing wisely. We've reduced our debt by more than $2 billion since closing the MillerCoors transaction. And our Board's intention remains to reinstitute a dividend payout ratio in the range of 20% to 25% of annual trailing underlying EBITDA for the second half of 2019 and ongoing thereafter. And we're taking advantage of opportunities to invest more binder commercial agenda to drive a revenue performance, while also increasing our commitment to attractive returns on every marketing dollar. So with that context over to you, Tracy.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Mark and hello everybody. I will speak through the quarter on a consolidated and regional basis, mention cost savings and 2019 outlook and finally to our capital allocation plan. As highlighted in our earnings release, net sales revenues increased 0.6% in constant currency, reflecting strong passing in each business unit and improving mix in Europe. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 3.7% in constant currency. Our worldwide brand volume decreased 4.7% and financial volume decreased 3.4%. Our global priority brand volume decreased 3.6%. Underlying cost per hectoliter increased 5.3% on a constant currency basis driven by commodity inflation, transportation costs, increased packaging costs associated with our U.S. bottle furnace rebuild and volume deleverage, partially offset by cost savings. Underlying MG&A decreased 1.5% on a constant currency basis driven by lower G&A. As a result, underlying EBITDA increased 0.2% on a constant currency basis. Underlying free cash flow was a use of $270.1 million, an increase in cash use of $75 million from the prior year's third quarter, primarily due to unfavorable timing of working capital, partially offset by lower cash paid for interest and capital expenditures. Moving to our business units, in the U.S. net sales revenue increase 0.7% driven by price increases partially offset by 2.7% decline in sales to wholesalers excluding contract volume. Our cost per hectoliter increased 5.9% driven by higher commodity and transportation costs, increased packaging costs associated with our U.S. bottle furnace rebuild and volume deleverage, partially offset by cost savings. MG&A decreased 4.5% reflecting lower employee related costs and quarterly timing of innovations being partially offset by higher marketing investment behind our premiumized brands. As a result, underlying EBITDA increased 3.4%. Brand volume sales improved versus last quarter and last year declining 3.8% on a trading day adjusted basis, which is an improvement versus both the fourth quarter and last year. We've a large share of industry and increased share of premiumized for the 18th consecutive quarter according to Nielsen. Coors Light volume trends improved while holding share of segment. As the Company's top priority, Coors Light continue to progress following its rollout of new creatives late in Q4 with new on-premise contingent partnerships. We posted significant growth in a number of brands within the advanced premium segments, including Henry's Hard Sparkling, Peroni, Sol and on premise brands and we are confident we can scale the segment more rapidly going forward. In Europe, net sales revenue increased 4.4% on a constant currency basis, driven by price increases and favorable mix, partially offset by 2.3% brand volume decline. COGS per hectoliter increased 3.7% in constant currency driven by commodity inflation. MG&A increased 9.5% in constant currency, replacing a higher investment on our national champion brands and premiumization initiative. As a result, underlying EBITDA increased 2% in constant currency. Continued momentum in 2019 was evidenced by top line growth driven by an 8.2% increase in each sale per hectoliter on a constant currency basis, more than offsetting the volume which was impacted by plane decline in our low margin value brands as we increase our focus on our national champion brands, and the vast premium portfolio. In Canada net sales revenue decreased 3.4% in constant currencies, driven by a 6% decline in brand volume due to soft Canadian industry volume, which we estimate at the time approximately 5%, partially offset by price increases. COGS per hectoliter increased 6.3% in constant currency driven by volume deleverage, increased distribution costs and costs inflation, partially offset by cost savings. MG&A decreased 1.1% in constant currency driven by timing of employee related expenses, partially offset by higher investment to support the rebranding of our Molson brand and cash related cost. As a result underlying EBITDA decreased 22.4% in constant currency. Volume was impacted by industry weakness, in terms of brands strong growth from Bergenbier and Miller High Life partially offset softness in our core brands. The quality [ph] of the Molson trademark also improved during the quarter following initiation of the brand re-launch. Also note we estimate cash related start-up cost of CAD10 million to CAD50 million in 2019. In international, net sales revenue decreased 14.4% on a constant currency basis, driven by 6.7% decline in brand's volume and favorable geographic mix and the shift of local production in Mexico, partially offset by price increases. Cost per hectoliter increased 2% in constant currency driven by geographic mix and inflation. MG&A increased 11.9% in constant currency driven by parsing the $2 million of settlement proceeds related to our Columbia business in the first quarter of last year partially offset by lower marketing investment. As a result underlying EBITDA decreased to $2.7 million. Brand volume declined as a result of balancing higher passing with lower volume in Mexico. [indiscernible] Q2 and starting of a strong post [indiscernible] results in Puerto Rico and this was partially offset by growth in several of our exclusive markets such as Chile, Paraguay and Honduras. Current life [ph] volume was down principally because of the ongoing expense on brand equity growth versus promotional volume growth in Mexico partially offset by strong double-digit increase for Miller Life. Now moving to outlook, our earnings release details our guidance. The EBITDA margin expansion guidance we communicated in June is unchanged. We expect 2019 consolidated underlying cost per hectoliter to increase at a mid-single-digit rate on a constant currency basis. In terms of cost savings, we continue to expect total of $700 million of savings for the three years ending 2019 and planned and added $450 million for the period 2020 through 2022. We expect procurement and supply chain including brewer optimization to constitute the majority of these new savings with RC and global business divisions also contributing to the $450 million. We expect these savings to be spread evenly over the period 2020 through 2022. We outlined our internal engagement plans the cost of achieving the savings and offset input inflation. We expect our international business to deliver underlying EBITDA growth of strong double-digit in constant currency for the full year 2019 compared to 2018. We estimate underlying free cash flow of $1.4 billion plus or minus at the end of this year. Now as we contemplate full year 2019, keep in mind that we recently rescheduled our organized brewing system implementation from Q1 proceed selling season which will impact ECW savings. We expect increased packaging cost associated with our U.S. bottle furnace rebuild and moderate supply and we intend to incrementally support our brand building initiative for the rest of the year. At this point I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Hunter: Thanks Tracy. Our revenue focus are more as one of the three platforms by which we drive total shareholder returns and this depends upon extraordinary brands, customer excellence and disruptive growth. Looking at our brands, our commitment to energizing our core brands is paying off. As I mentioned in our largest market Coors Light trends improved with a brand's regaining positive segment share momentum and Miller Lite continues taking segment share while also holding share of the total U.S. beer market but also further intensifying our focus on premiumization. Highlights of the quarter include strong double-digit or even stronger brand volume growth for Arnold Palmer Spiked for Old Henry's Heart Sparkling and Prone in the U.S. and upper single digit growth for Coors Light in the UK all these drive the National rollout products from star requirement and our global brands remain our priority. Miller Genuine Draft, Miller Lite, Coors Light, Coors Banquet, Blue Moon and Staropramen each of the household name in its market and each can become bigger, thanks to multinational reach. Miller Lite, Staropramen and Blue Moon are great examples. Brand volume of Miller Lite grew strong double-digits in our international business in the quarter. Our premium brand volume grew 15.8% including growth in the Czech Republic. And Blue Moon in Belgium in brand volume grew strong double digits in each of international, Europe and Canada in the quarter. Continuous development of our customer excellence capability also remains a focus and is evident across our business. We continued to be a leader in category management in the US as evidenced by a first place result overall in most recent annual Advantage Survey and the first place on premise result in the most recent Annual CM Profit Group survey. Retailers trust us, the group size and value of our beer category and we consistently outperform our competition in this area. In Europe, customers relate us with our leader net promoter score of 60+, in the majority of the countries in which operate. And our UK business was again ranked number 1 by on premise chain accounts. In Canada we continued to help customers drive category growth. For example, a major retailer has seen improving beer category growth in scores for the reset beer shelves, enjoying brewer retailer teams are applying our success to other major chains. We are also improving our intensity buying innovation and disruptive growth. Our step up innovation approach is demonstrated by the introduction of [indiscernible] and Archer Gold and Sol Chelada in the US, contributing to more than 180,000 expected placements for our new and year-two products in 2019. In Canada, Coors Slice, Aqua-Relle [indiscernible] and Bella Amari are ruling out and Truss remains on track to be of course mover in Canada in these beverages are planned to be legalized in October this year. In international, our portfolio is benefitting not only from Miller Lite's brand, but also from continued expansion of Blue Moon, which is now available in 20 international markets. And finally we are delivering new services and revenue streams through upgrading our digital and ecommerce capabilities in Europe and beyond. Concluding impact in driving shareholder value, we plan to increase cash returns through an increased evident later this year. We remain committed to our investment grade status and a balanced approach to capital allocation and look forward to intensifying our topline revenue opportunities in front of us. We are first choice for consumer and customer agenda. Thanks for your time and attention. And with that I will turn it back to Mark.
Mark Swartzberg: Yeah. Thank you, Mark. We look forward to meeting with many of you over the course of year. In terms of upcoming events, I want to highlight several; Barclays will be hosting a meeting in Milwaukee with Tracy and Gavin and other members of our leadership team next week. Later in the month, on May 22, we will hold our Annual Meeting of Stockholders in Montreal followed by Investor Meeting hosted by BMO with Mark and Tracy and our Canada leadership team. And in June, Evercore ISI will be hosting investor meetings in New York with Mark, Tracy and our Global Treasurer Mike Rumley followed by investor meetings in [indiscernible] at Deutsche Conference with Tracy. So with that, Keith, I think we will go to Q&A.
Operator: Yes. Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] And this morning's first question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Mark Hunter: Hi, Lauren.
Lauren Lieberman: Hey. So first, I was just curious about just for the shape of the P&L this quarter, MG&A still down year over year, but I think not as much as people will probably broadly expecting and then you called out a higher marketing expense and premium lights in the quarter. So I was just wondering if it's very keen to your reinvestment philosophy. And whether you think the brand need more support on an absolute dollar basis, rather than just per hectoliter approach you have been taking and all since you step up that might be required as you push harder on the high ends? Thanks.
Mark Hunter: Thanks Lauren. Let me try and take that an enterprise level. So I mean if you look across our MG&A expense, clearly, you saw a step up in Europe and as we intimated even in the prepared remarks, the increase our spend volume Coors Light and Miller Lite and don't forget, we have got a significant decrease in terms of the G&A component of our MG&A following the restructuring work we did through that Q3 and Q4 of last year, particularly in the US. So we remain very committed to driving the breadth and depth and strength of our portfolio and really ensuring that we have equal focus on progress on the revenue line while we continue to manage our deleverage program. And clearly as we go into 2020 we start of more flexibility as we continue with the paydown of our debt. So it's very important for us as we come through this year, we see progress on our revenue and encouraged by the fact that our two biggest business units in the first quarter with the US up almost 1% in revenue and Europe up over 4%. I think that's symptomatic of what we're trying to drive across our business. In terms of the requirement of any step up again, we continue to focus on a couple of things. One is improving the productivity of the dollars that we have within our business and Miller Lite is a great example and where we haven't made dramatic shifts to Miller Lite but because of the quality and consistency of the marketing activity, we've seen just consistent improvements in the trajectory of that brand where it's actually now holding share of the total US beer market. Clearly as we get more confident and a number of initiatives we will look to fuel growth as synergies and we will keep you tuned to that. But we're not going to make any statement about step up in marketing and speculate on what that might look like, we will do this in a very thoughtful and considered way. But we are equally focused on the revenue improvement performance in our business as we are continuing deleverage of our business and that's the balance of the executive team are really trying to drive again.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So I guess just maybe a very more high-level question. The stocks reaction today I think is just kind of reflective of what the results were versus where consensus was. And so I guess what I - and I guess it may also serve explains or suggests that there is a risk to the year. So I guess how did this quarter unfold relative to what your own internal expectations are and is there - what's the risk or the probability of achieving your full year results now versus maybe what they were when you originally gave your guidance in February?
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Bryan. So let me offer a couple of quick comments around that. So I mean we're not going to get in a habit of continually commenting on consensus, but let me make a comment this quarter that look at the consensus in the marketplace. So on a full year basis the consensus looks to be with an acceptable limits, it's kind of in the ballpark, but my perspective is that H1 and Q2 are too optimistic and the second half is too pessimistic. And some of that to do with phasing and timing in our business the shift of the Albany go live from the first half to the second and continuing focus on building momentum behind our brand portfolio and our revenue growth. On a full year basis the consensus looks as I say pretty much to be in the ballpark. Relative to the first quarter, the first quarter came in pretty much in line with our expectations and the guidance that we've given for the year remains unchanged. Now if you look at our track record, Bryan, over the last three or four years. We deliver on the commitments into the marketplace, we've done in cost savings, we've done it in the free cash flow, we've done that on a margin expansion. So we remain committed to the guidance that we should quarter ago and we're off to a solid start this year. But I do think some of you need to just reflect on the phasing as you look at the buildup of our P&L.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong: So I guess I wanted to just get a little bit more colors as on your top line performance in the quarter. In the quarter that more broadly kind of thinking about the balance of the year, on the positive side your price mix realization was strongest. And I think in quarter while so maybe tax, sort of much more price with the mix and how we see that playing out? And then on the volume side, I mean the FPR I guess got a little bit better sequentially, but down 3.8% seems like its full on the performing the inventories. So how do you think that that - how does that come in relative to your expectation? And I guess when you think about the concusses underway you called out to Bryan's question is that maybe as sort of the expectation that volume does get out of the balance of the year, so perhaps you give us some more color just in terms of your confidence level on that front. Thank you.
Mark Hunter: So Judy, I think three is three or four parts to your questionnaire. So, Gave, if you get ready and I will pass across you in a second. I think, Judy, on your price mix question, as you look across our business, one of the things I've talked to you very consistently over the last 24 to 36 months is we focus on our business on building our pricing and revenue management capability and making sure that we're managing in a very thoughtful way as the balance between price mix and volume. And we know that in our big developed markets, industry volume is under pressure. It's not new news. And we're really building the muscle around the price and mix element of that. And I think you've seen that demonstrated both in the U.S. and very consistently in our European business with a very strong performance from the European team through the first quarter. So just take that as a context with of one of the capabilities and focus areas that you'll continue to see us come back to. And we're really driving our teams very hard in terms of our total revenue performance. That's something we've now introduced into our long-term incentive plan as well. So even more focused in our business on a nail tip basis around our revenue performance. So that's just a little bit of context. Gav, do you want to talk about, really the first quarter and your thoughts on the full year from a U.S. point of view.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, Mark. Good morning, Judy. So yeah, first quarter pricing was strong. We were pleased with that. Mix, to answer your question specifically was negative 30 basis points that's the best performance that we've had since 2017. And even more pleasing was the pack the brand mix side of it was actually flat which is an illustration of our above premium extorting to come through most of the negativity on mix was related to package. You know that the full benefits of our mix shift really owning and start taking it in Q2 as lot of our innovation comes through and increased same behind brands like Blue Moon where we're nearly doubling our media spend. As far as the outlook's concerned, look, it's too early to tell the impact of the springs yet, but I can certainly tell you there haven't been as widespread or as impactful as have been speculated in some of the industry newsletters. From a volume perspective, Judy, it was a slight improvement over 2018, but it was a substantial improvement over our fourth quarter trend. And Easter timing, obviously didn't help, but move from Q1 into Q3. I mean, it wasn't a meaningful driver, but it wasn't helpful. And a lot of our activities I said, is directed to start in the second quarter our new innovation Cape Line, for example, a strong push behind Peroni, which is - its performances has doubled since - its growth rate has doubled since last year into the strong double digits. So, yeah, I think that covers it, Mark.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Gavin.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Robert Ottenstein, Evercore ISI.
Eric Serotta: Hi, it's Eric Serotta for Robert. In terms of - wondering whether Mark or Gavin give some commentary on the U.S. pricing environment. If you're saying that mix was negative 30 bps for the quarter it implies roughly 4% pricing before some of the spring industry pricing goes in place. Any additional color you could go on as to what's going on there, because that seems like a tremendous acceleration? And related to that, are you seeing any pre buying from distributors ahead of the spring pricing initiative?
Mark Hunter: Eric, I think Gavin touched on that in his answer to Judy, but, Gavin, any further thoughts or any more color that you would offer or any restatement of what you just said.
Gavin Hattersley: I mean, not much more to add Mark. I mean, we did have strong pricing performance in Q1 and that followed the healthy increases, which we talked about in the fall of last years. So I mean, we already started to see acceleration of pricing in the fourth quarter. As far as the spring price increases are concerned, I wouldn't say there's been much pre-buying or in certainly nothing material to call out, Eric.
Mark Hunter: Yeah. Eric, I mean, the headline that we all read of by in terms of this potential spring, price increase seems to be much more patchy and sporadic than maybe industry commentators had speculated on. So I mean, we are running our own playbook in terms of how we're managing our portfolio and how we're focused on our revenue line. And Q4 demonstrated some good improvement and Q1 has continued that.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Amit Sharma with BMO Capital Markets.
Amit Sharma: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Mark Hunter: Good morning,
Amit Sharma: Mark, just a clarification. So should we expect this level of price and perhaps better mix to continue for the rest of the year? I mean, if you think [indiscernible] in the U.S.? And that's one. And the second one is a broader question like, it's very clear that you're talking about revenue management, and you want us to focus on the dollars versus the volume. And I think most investable thing that's desirable and so the companies that have obviously done that successfully. My question is, like, how do we deal with the volume deleverage in the meantime, right? Is there any way for you to dilute the impact of deleverage or overcome it so that margins don't continue to come down as you lose volume, especially on the economy end?
Mark Hunter: Okay. A couple of questions there. So on price mix, I mean, we just want to give guidance in that area. I think the best thing to do is look at our historical track record, particularly over the course over the last four to six quarters, you've seen very consistent progress, particularly in our European business. And as Gavin and I intimated, Q4 saw an improving trend, Q1 has continued that. And as I mentioned in my earlier comments, we're really focused on managing the balance across price mix and volume. All three of those are important. So at the end of the day in aggregate, we are focused on driving the revenue performance of our business. So we're not either overemphasizing any of those three components or giving up in any one of those three components. Clearly, if there is a volume deleverage challenge in our business, then we'll continue to manage your cost base appropriately and effectively. And I think we've demonstrated that on a multiyear basis our ability to do that. And clearly we're, looking to invest more heavily buying our brand portfolio as well. So I really ensure that, volume remains an important part of that revenue equation. So I think you're - as I mentioned earlier, the focus for the management team is to ensure that we've got improving revenue performance while we continue to manage our P&L and to drive, the deleverage commitments and retain our investment grade status. And that becomes - as we get into 2020, that balance shifts, probably a bit more finally towards revenue, because we'll have delivered on, very fundamental deleverage commitments through 2017 to 2019. And you're starting to see the repurposed focus on revenue as we come into 2019. And that will be a continuing theme from us as a management team.
Tracey Joubert: And, Mark, if you don't mind if I just add, I mean, some of the things that we spoke to before in terms of margin and cost, the reminder that cost savings Gav answered as well as some of the initiatives like I will start Supply Chain 2.0 which is focused on capability building as well as efficiency in our breweries. And then some of that other ongoing cost savings in our key and our global business services in Bucharest. So cost savings and cost continue to get the strong focus that's most improved has always had. And these are the some of the initiatives that will continue to drive costs down and margin up.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi. Yes, so thank you. Good morning. So can you update us on the brewers systems rollout? And I understand Tracy had a call out the delay Indigo life for Alberni into after the big season. So I was wondering if that there is any impact on that from the other brewers that went live recently. And if you can update us on the most recent category trends in the second quarter outlets? I think you call out that, the second quarter obviously has some downside risk to consensus on. But I'm wondering if it's more an investment, or if it's also top line. Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Okay. So Gavin, do you want to talk more broadly about the BPNS rollout, including, just the progress that unit team have made over the last 12 months and oversee the balance of this year?
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, Mark. Good morning, Andrea. Look, I mean, as you know, we are converting all our legacy breweries to the integrated systems platform and it is going to get our entire network onto a single tool for ordering for claims done in return and so on. And, frankly, whenever you have a systems implementation of this magnitude challenges are expected. The rollout has continued since Golden, we've done Trenton, we've done Fort Worth and we've most recently done Milwaukee. The last three rollouts have all been meaningfully better than our Golden rollout. It's not to say we haven't had some challenges, because you do with a system rollout of this extent and all the change management that comes with it. But the Milwaukee issues that we've had are very limited to the Milwaukee brewery orbit, and unlike last year with Golden where they were fairly national. And on top of that our stock trends are in a much better place than they were a year ago. We are right back where we historically operate from an out of stock point. To address your question on Albany specifically, we recently rescheduled the Albany brewery go after the peak selling summer season, because we just wanted to make sure that our products completely available for the summer. Given our learnings from Golden, we decided to exercise an abundance of portion with Albany and that we disrupt the network given the transition. So we're on track Albany will go live in the after summer and Albany all of that will follow soon after that, and we should be done this year.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks Gavin. I think it's fair to say with that shift as well. Clearly what that does is it moves some of the STW phasing in our business from H1 into H2. So that's just something to bear in mind, as you think through the balance of the year. In terms of the second part of your question, certainly as we come through the second quarter, I think one of the things as I look at some of the consensus numbers, I think COGS is understated relative to our guidance. So I would - I should take a look at that, as you look at the Q3 number in particular. And clearly, we're ramping up our innovation pipeline as we've come out of Q1 into Q2. So I expect us to be investing as we go into the peak selling season, because we want to continue to drive the momentum from a top-line perspective. None of that undermines in any way, our feel your guidance that we gave you a quarter ago and restated again today.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim.
Laurent Grandet: Yes. Good morning, Mark and Tracey.
Mark Hunter: Good morning.
Laurent Grandet: I would like to focus on Canada. Last quarter, you mentioned we're seeing improving commercial trends in Canada, seems like it didn't materialize this quarter. So could you please give us some more color here and how we should think about Canada going forward? And also as a potential positive catalyst here, could you please update us on your Truss cannabis JV? Would you be ready to launch or test you price, I mean Q4 this year when it becomes legal in Canada for beverages. And what are your expectations as your scale in Canada could be an advantage versus some of your competitors?
Mark Hunter: Okay. So, Fred, you want to pick up the - why don't you take both parts of that question just in terms of our underlying performance in Canada relative industry and then just a preparedness for our Truss launch.
Frederic Landtmeters: Sure. So starting with the volume part of your question. We obviously have soft volumes in our first quarter this year. And despite the fact that the small quarter, I mean, it's a big percentage. Now, the main driver and 80% of that volume softness is explained by industry. And just to be clear, we don't expect the industry to be down 5% for the remainder of the year, like it was in Q1. Obviously, Easter timing is a big driver of that. But as industry performance comes back to a normal trend, I think what we should focus on is our shared trends and actually that's where we've got stability for the last three, four quarters. We've got a stable share trend, it's not good enough, but we're actively working on further improving it. So the stability of the trend is driven by our performance in the economy segment where we're continuing to grow share. We've got some significant initiatives in place to continue to improve the trends on our premium brands. And especially in the above premium craft space in the beyond beer space. We've got some big initiatives that have been launched in the past few weeks. And that should help us significantly changing the trends in the quarters going forward. So those initiatives includes RTDs, but also include Coors Slice in the premium segments. And that's one of those initiatives that should contribute to a meaningful change of trend there. So from a commercial performance, I think the underlying behind the softness of Q1, I think there's still a high level of confidence that we're continuing a good trajectory from a share performance perspective. The second part of the question on Truss. Absolutely, still on track to be ready on day one of legalization. So as you know, legalization of cannabis infused beverages is expected to happen on the 17th of October 2019. I can confirm what I said last quarter, which is we're going to be ready to be one of the first movers. We're making great progress in terms of product developments. We're making great progress in terms of implementation of the supply chain components. So, yeah, confirming what I said before we're going to be ready.
Mark Hunter: And Fred, just add to that, as we indicated in the script, obviously we are - we have set up our business. We've got a great team of people in place working with the team at HEXO. So clearly there's additional readiness and startup costs through this year. Assuming the timing goes ahead, as indicated by the authorities in Canada, then we'll start to get a little bit of revenue coming through right at the end of this year. And then it becomes part of our overall revenue performance really from 2020 going forward. So again, just bear that in mind as you think about phasing of cost than our business in particular Canadian business through this year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Back.
Steve Powers: Hey, guys, thanks.
Mark Hunter: Hi.
Steve Powers: So as you said, you stand committed to the deleveraging in dividend step up commitments that you set last year which is very validating. But given where you finished the first quarter in terms of net debt and trailing EBITDA and then now, Mark, earlier your second quarter comments. It seems like you've got a good ways to go in order to hit that 3.75 net debt to EBITDA level, if my math is right. And I know that historically, second quarter has been a really strong cast generation quarter and perhaps more so this year if the working capital headwinds that we saw in the first quarter reverse out. But is that the right way to think about achievement of the deleveraging target by mid-year, or other reasons to believe in stronger EBITDA growth? Your second quarter comments would seem to rule that out. But I just want to confirm if I'm hearing you, right, relative to the phasing of EBITDA versus cash generation and net debt reduction.
Mark Hunter: Okay, thanks, Steve. Yeah, I mean, the way the Board are looking at this is, where are we going to be at the year-end and are we on our deleverage flight path. The mid-years staging post, but they're looking for us to give confidence around our full year performance. And, we're - we remain very committed both internally and externally to the gains we've given. There is, I think, a little bit more volatility than we have originally anticipated in terms of H1 versus H2, some of that had to do with the shift in Albany. But Tracy, Do you want to just give a little bit more color around that and some of the phasing differentials, none of which affect our full year commitments?
Tracey Joubert: So thanks Mark and happy, yeah. Our full year end guidance that we've given, remain. And in terms of the shift from H1 to H2, as we mentioned, the Albany shift, obviously, that would have an HTW impact and going from half 1 to half 2 which also impacts our free cash flow. And also, in the stated topic I said increased investment behind innovation and premiumization as we go into two periods that Mark spoke about it. Looking at free cash flow, the bigger driver in Q1 and is that timing of working capital. Obviously, working capital is a leader that we look at. And we would pull for the back half of the year to replace that timing. And then the other things I would add is our cost savings initiatives and which really impacts both P&L and free cash flow. So, we've spoken about the $205 million of cost saving to achieve this year. So that will obviously hit the P&L and free cash flow for the balance of the year. And, the final thing I would say is, if you just refer back to our history of hitting out the cash flow targets, the past two years, we've delivered about $3 billion of free cash flow, and we have a record of delivering or over delivering on all of our commitments across both our P&L and our free cash flow.
Steve Powers: Thanks, Tracy.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jeffries.
Kevin Grundy: Hey, good morning everyone.
Mark Hunter: Yeah.
Kevin Grundy: A clean up question from me on Canada, just given the weakness in the quarter with SDRs down 6% I think the comment was 80% was owed to the industry and some of the weakness there and I think Easter timing was called out, but one thing that was not mentioned was cannabis. And I know it's still very early days, but how much work have you done on that what do you think the impact has been so far from it? It's obviously very topical with implications going forward. So any thoughts you have there would be helpful. Thanks.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks a lot. Fred back to you, you want to build on your earlier comments?
Frederic Landtmeters: Yeah. Absolutely so given on that question we're obviously monitoring the situation and the potential correlation of beer sales and cannabis sales since the legalization back in October 2018 and I think at this point in time it's really fair to say we see absolutely no correlation between the sales of cannabis and the sales of beer across the industry or from also in Canada specifically. So we're going to continue to monitor that, but there's no evidence, no data that show us based on the last five months of cannabis sales that show us an impact there.
Mark Hunter: And Kevin, the only thing I would add to that is I mean we're seeing a similar picture in the U.S. where we monitor the states I mean there is - if you look at beer industry volume trends in states where cannabis has been legalized, some states are slightly better some states are slightly worse, there's not been any kind of major discontinuity in underlying beer volume trend. So we're watching in both markets. Can't point to any real connection between cannabis legalization and performance of the beer industry at this stage.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Tristan van Strien with Redburn Partners.
Tristan van Strien: Hi good morning guys. Just I've got a question on Europe, but before I just want to clarify I understand correctly from Gavin. So basically in Q1 you got 4% frontline pricing. I just want to confirm that because that seems to be the best performance since Q3 2009. And in fact I don't see it in any of the IRI or AC Neilson data, so I just want to confirm that number. And then my question really was to Simon Cox, he seems a bit lonely here. Just also just that performance seems remarkable on price mix if you can just break that down how is that working also in terms of country mix and how the UK is doing? And what have been the drivers behind that very strong performance? Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Yeah. Thanks Tristan. Gavin do you want to pick up firstly on the U.S. pricing question?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, Tristan, I can confirm that our front line pricing for Q1 was 4% and the negative mix was 30 basis points and native 3 point sale. And I'll just remind you that a lot of things go into the pricing, right, things like the FET tax law, retail operations, festivals top sells all of those things are factoring, but you're correct 4% is our base performance in quite some time.
Mark Hunter: And I think, Gavin, just building on that if you track that through some of the IRR - IRI or Neilson data, clearly our retailers themselves chose to invest in price activities. So what we're realizing in price doesn't necessarily then get reflected in terms of what showing up to the retail data. So just bear that in mind Tristan and as you're trying to connect the two. And then Simon do you want to give a broader picture on how we've been managing the revenue performance in Europe?
Simon Cox: Yeah. Thanks Mark. Thanks, Tristan. So yeah we've consistently tried to ensure that we've got good underlying momentum on our top line growth and we've managed to do that quite consistently now for a good few quarters. We try and focus on volume price and mix as Mark mentioned earlier these are equally important drivers. And we don't expect that to be the same every quarter, but we do expect across those really for that to grow our top line. And as it manifested in quarter one, we grew our top line by 4.4% and on this quarter that was mostly driven by - was driven by pricing and mix; pricing was up about 4.8% and mix up about 3.4%. And that's the manifestation of very deliberate focus on insuring national champion brands will invest in across all their markets and that we continue to premiumize the portfolio. And so again we've put our marketing efforts into our mainstream national champion brands and into a premium portfolio. And we believe that continues to work well for us and we think that works and results. We don't tend to break out country mix. But UK is still our number one revenue and profit business so there's no way that we will be able to post that type of strong top line growth unless the UK were participating in it as well. And again, it's the same structure in the UK. We want to make sure that calling [ph] is well invested. We have a new campaign for the made local campaign which we're putting significant money behind and is off to a good start. And the UK is fully participating in the premiumization push so again Staropramen doing well, Blue Moon doing well, our craft beer a portfolio seems to be in good shape and our cider portfolio continues to premiumize. So same strategy in the UK as the rest of the business units. We won't break it out specifically, but a very pleasing quarter when it comes to our overall revenue growth.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Simon. Good summary.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge Research.
Brett Cooper: Good morning everyone. Just a quick question. I mean, as you think about Molson Coors in three to five years, and you highlighted the soft beer industry, a number of your larger markets, can you your management team, the Board get to where you want to be, by being a brewer only?
Mark Hunter: As opposed to what Brett? I mean, if you look at what we're doing in our business, let me characterize how we're trying to build out our portfolio, I mean our center of gravity is clearly today and will continue to be as a brewer focused on our beer brands and the premiumization and modernization of our beer portfolio. We're then continuing to accelerate the development into what we described as adjacencies whether that's cider or RTD. Beyond that, we're moving into brewed beverages more broadly and you've seen a number of our initiatives whether that's non-alc businesses, like Clearly Kombucha testing like along hard coffee, but that's an area and a territory, which we believe we can develop further from a revenue perspective. And that also includes our non-alc beers as well. If you look at our law and non-alc business overall, we have well over, I think 1.2 million hectoliters litters of low and non-alc beer and that revenue continued to grow positively through 2018 and has grown positively again in the first quarter of this year. And then if you go even further, clearly, we're into some new frontier areas in our Truss and our cannabis JV in that area. So we're already developing our portfolio to have more stretch and breadth. And what we talk about in our business is energizing our core brands, our national champions, premiumizing the portfolio, modernizing our offering and then really disrupting. And those are the four drivers and then alongside that will continue to look for infill M&A opportunities. And I think we've used those kind of opportunities very effectively, the most recent one being, the Aspall Cyder acquisition in the UK. And we remain open to and alert to further opportunities to really broaden our portfolio and generate new sources of revenue. So you will see us do more of that over the course of the next three to five years. I've avoided trying to get ahead of ourselves on this because I think it's really important that we deliver proof points to you as opposed to just speculate what we're trying to do. And I think those proof points are now starting to emerge in our business and you'll see more focus on that in the coming quarters.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is a follow-up from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: Thank you. I didn't expect to sneak back in. So I just wanted to ask one more question. You have mentioned about flexibility building as you go into 2020. And I - by our math also that does include free cash. So as you think about cash returns and I was just curious to what degree you've even gotten this far with the Board and talking about shareholder returns beyond the dividend increases? Share repurchases seem like something that would be on the table as we move towards that timeframe, or is that that discussion still a bit further out? Thanks.
Mark Hunter: It's probably more of the latter Lauren. I mean, we've been very consistent about our capital allocation framework, which is really focused on continuing to deliver our business, returning cash to shareholders and that can be dividends and/or share buybacks. And importantly, continuing to strengthen our business and use of cash to pursue other brand-led growth opportunities. So that's the framework that we have used, are using and will continue to use. Clearly the current commitment and users around our expectation on the dividend going through the second half and beyond. And I think it's premature at the stage to speculate beyond that, but we will be applying that same framework in our ongoing discussions with the finance committee and our board.
Operator: Thank you. And next is a follow-up from Amit Sharma with BMO Capital Markets.
Amit Sharma: Hi, thank you so much for the follow up. Gavin, just wanted to ask you about Blue Moon in the US. You talked about double premium brands but didn't hear much about Blue Moon. Obviously, you were looking to invest a little bit more. Can you talk about where we are in that cycle?
Mark Hunter: Gav, do you want to take that up?
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, yeah. Sorry about that, Amit. Blue Moon is already the number one cross-brewery in United States. That is what people are looking for, which is a great brand. It's great session of a beer. And we're going to be increasing our activation support across the business in what we started towards the back end of Q1, but the real push comes in Q2 and Q3. We've got a goal of becoming the number one tap handle in America. We recently secured a really good win with Red Lobster, which I think is one of the last major on premise athletes not to carry Blue Moon. This weekend we've got the Kentucky Derby where we the official sponsor, and we're activating that across the country as well, Amit. And we're also going to do activation around the 50th anniversary of the of the Moon Landing, you know, 12 pack bottles and 15 pack cans are a big opportunity for this brand. And we're going to nearly double the media spin behind it. So, you know, a lot of activity behind Blue Moon this year and looking forward to seeing the results.
Operator: Thank you. And that's all the time we have right now for questions. So I would like to return the call to Mark Hunter for any closing comments.
Mark Hunter: Okay, thank you. And thanks everybody for their time and attention. Just a couple of headlines to finish with. Obviously I've offered some perspective around consensus. So hopefully, that's been useful and helpful as you think about Q2 and the full year. And on the back of the first quarter, I'm encouraged by a number of things across the Molson Coors business. And our two biggest business units, we saw both revenue growth and EBITDA growth. We've seen the strengthening of Miller Lite and improvement in Coors Light. I'm encouraged by the ongoing premiumization progress we're making and there will be more to come on that front. And the innovation initiatives have been very positively received. And you can see us ramping up, know the intensity of our incubate and test initiatives. As we mentioned, we are ready for the launch of cannabis infused non-alc beverages in Canada and our Truss JV is firing on all cylinders, ready for that go live date. And importantly, we remain fully committed to our full year guidance metrics, albeit as we've mentioned, there's a little bit more phasing volatility than originally planned and I think we've explained why. So that's why I've described the first quarter as a solid start to the year. And we look forward to catching up with many of you at the forthcoming events that Mark outlined. But in the meantime, really appreciate your time and attention and the quality of the questions and look forward to catching up on a face to face basis. So thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-12 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company’s safe harbor language. Today’s discussion includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations and projections contained in such statements are disclosed in the company’s filings with the SEC. The company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call, please visit the company’s website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. Our call will open with some remarks from Mark Swartzberg, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark Swartzberg: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone. Following the prepared remarks this morning, management will take your questions. As a reminder, in order to allow as many people to ask questions as possible, please limit yourself to one follow-up question. And if you have additional questions to those two, please return to the queue. Now I’d like to turn the call over to our CEO, Mark Hunter.
Mark Hunter: Thank you, Mark, and hello and welcome, everybody. With me this morning are Tracey Joubert; the CEOs of each of our business units; Lee Reichert, our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer; and Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller. Today, Tracey and I will take you through our plans to drive long-term total shareholder returns, highlighting our fourth quarter and full year results and discussing our outlook for the business. And you can also find related slides on the Investor Relations page of our website. We accomplished much in 2018. We delivered strong free cash flow and we met our deleverage commitments. We restored underlying EBITDA growth in the quarter and the second half, and we continue to premiumize our portfolio across our regions, including launching Truss, our Canadian cannabis beverages JV, scaling volume and profitability in our fast growing international business and continuing to strengthen our European business. Through the year we further scaled our cost saving program, which insulated us in part from the effects of weaker industry demand in North America, higher-than-anticipated inflationary pressures and challenges associated with the implementation of our U.S. brewery supply chain system. We entered 2019 with a U.S. commercial plan focused on mix and share improvement, that’s fully resourced and showing early signs of impact against Coors Light, a commercial strategy that is working in Europe and International and continually improving commercial trends in Canada. We are focused on further strong free cash flow delivery and deleverage supported by more than $200 million of cost savings in 2019 and further $450 million across savings across 2020 to 2022. We remain committed to our plan to reinstitute a dividend payout ratio in the range of 20% to 25% of annual trailing underlying EBITDA, upon achieving around 3.75x leverage, which we expect to occur in the middle of 2019. Against this backdrop of progress and commitments, let me share more about what you can expect from our strategy of earning more, using less and investing wisely, before handling the call to Tracey to elaborate on the quarter, the year and our outlook. In terms of earning more, we will continue to build even stronger commercial excellence capability with a focus on portfolio premiumization and disruptive growth that drive mix improvements. Almost 20% of our volume is comprised of above premium brands and this figure continues to grow, and we see considerable headroom for added growth in all of our markets. In international, we entered 2019 with an optimum cost structure, improved brand profitability and a portfolio of above premium brands gaining strength in our focused markets. In Europe, our strategy of strengthening our core national champion brands while premiumizing the portfolio has well developed and working. In Canada, industry trends have been challenging, where our total share trend has improved three quarters in a row and pricing continued to show positive improvement. We will continue to improve Coors Light share trends while premiumizing the portfolio and preparing for the launch of our Truss portfolio. In U.S., while we were dissatisfied with the 2018 top line and share performance, we also believe we have the strategy people in commercial execution to drive improving performance in 2019 and the longer-term. We anticipate further contraction of the U.S. beer industry volumes, which we plan to offset by adding resources to accelerate our portfolio premiumization and improve our industry volume share trends. Using less is our second platform and is designed to fuel growth and protect our bottom line performance. We are overdelivering on our regional cost savings plans for 2017 through 2019, allowing us to offset inflation and protect marketing investment. And as Tracey will cover, we expect to unlock another $450 million of savings over the period 2020 through 2022. These savings are driven by our sustainable productivity driving initiatives such as world-class supply chain 2.0, our greenfield breweries in Canada, global business services, new IT programs and their ongoing procurement efforts and more rigorous ZBB across the entirety of our business. Investing wisely is our third platform, and you knew our commitment to deleverage and increase cash returns. Similarly, we’re committed to spending our marketing dollars more effectively than ever by scaling investment behind accelerated portfolio premiumization and through this full adoption of ROMI approach and increasing sophistication of our investment planning. I also want to highlight that our spending is often understated by third-party aggregators, reflecting our shift of increasing amounts of digital and experiential platforms. So with that backdrop over to you, Tracey.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Mark, and hello, everybody. Before I share consolidated and regional financial highlights, I’d like to remind you of the new revenue recognition accounting standards effective from the beginning of 2018, which we’ll refer to you as revenue recognition for the remainder of the prepared remarks today. As outlined in our earnings release, revenue recognition had no significant impact to net income for the full year, but this caused some timing differences between quarters, positively impacting EPS by $0.04 this quarter and impacting some year-over-year comparability for net sales and MG&A primarily in the U.S. and Canada this quarter. Please refer to our SEC filings for more detail. Separately, you may have noticed that we filed an 8-K this morning, indicating that we restated our 2016 and 2017 financial statements for a technical income tax accounting measure related to the acquisition of the remaining 58% of MillerCoors in 2016 and subsequent remeasurements of deferred tax in 2017 resulting from the recent U.S. tax reform. These restatements did not have an impact on our reported underlying pretax income, underlying earnings this year or underlying free cash flow for 2016 and 2017 as these issues related to assets that we previously excluded. Further, such corrections do not impact our anticipated future cash tax benefits resulting from acquisitions, future effective tax rates or otherwise indicative of the underlying performance of the business. Please refer to our SEC filings for more detail. I will speak to the quarter and year on a consolidated and regional basis and also our outlook. We continue to see some of the same pressures in the fourth quarter as we did during the first three quarters of the year, mainly industry decline in North America as well as inflation in the U.S. Our fourth quarter results were also impacted by the timing of inventory levels in the U.S., which drove a further reduction in our financial volume over brand volume. However, these metrics largely converged for the full year. While these negative factors had an unfavorable impacts on our top line results for the quarter, we exercise flexibility and discipline in the P&L, and as a result, delivered underlying EBITDA growth of 3.9% on a constant currency basis. This was driven by positive global net pricing, brand volume growth and underlying business performance in Europe and international, cost savings and cost mitigations as well as reductions in our MG&A expenses. The full year results were impacted by the same factors and were further adversely impacted by cycling the indirect tax reserve provision in Europe, which drove the decrease in underlying EBITDA of 1.5% on a constant currency basis. In the U.S., we grew underlying EBITDA of 6.4% in the quarter, driven by lower MG&A expenses, higher net pricing and favorable impacts of the revenue recognition standard, partially offset by lower volumes, cost inflation and negative sales mix. Lower MG&A expenses were due to spending optimization and efficiencies as well as lower employee-related expenses, including incremental cost reductions related to the restructuring initiated in the third quarter and lower employee incentive expenses. Overall, U.S. brand volumes declined 5.1% on a trading day adjusted basis for the quarter and domestic sales-to-wholesalers declined 8.9%, in part due to quarterly timing of wholesale inventories, which ended 2018 at normal levels of inventory. In the quarter, our brand volumes remained below industry trends. However, we made progress with our top priority Coors Light, as a brand reversed its negative segment share trend and launched its new marketing campaign at the end of the quarter, reintroducing our cold-activated packaging to a whole new generation of legal age drinkers. Miller Lite increased share of Premium Light for 17th consecutive quarter, while holding total beer industry share according to Nielsen. As that premium performed below our expectations, we’re quite positive about our 2019 plans to accelerate premiumization of the portfolio. Our full year U.S. underlying EBITDA decreased 1.5% driven by lower volume, higher cost as a result of higher transportation cost, aluminum inflation and volume deleverage as well as negative sales mix partially offset by lower MG&A expenses and higher net pricing. However, we delivered high single-digit underlying EBITDA growth in the second half due to improved sales-to-wholesaler trends, accelerated NSR per hectoliter growth in the fourth quarter and the incremental cost-reduction initiatives executed. On a full year basis, brand volume and STW is largely converged, and brand volume declined 3.9% and STW declined 4.4%. For the year, we gained market share within the Premium Light segment while our economy brands gained segment share and held share of total beer industry according to Nielsen. In above premium, we established the foundation for growth by successfully introducing Arnold Palmer Spiked, established Peroni as the fastest-growing European import and relaunched the Sol brand, while our regional craft brand growth continue to far outpace that of the craft segment. In Europe, underlying EBITDA decreased 7.8% in local currency in the quarter, and this was due to lapping last year’s partial release of a bad debt provision and the adoption of our revised industry guidelines for calculating excise tax in one of our major European markets. We also continue to invest in our First Choice Agenda during the quarter, adding to the growth in our volume and brands mix. Brand volume increased 3.3%, reflecting improved performance of our global, above premium and national champion brand portfolios. We have also continued to expand the reach of our business geographically through our European export and license team, improving tax and increasing our absolute volume, royalty income and profit, although this does dilute our NSR per hectoliter. Our European export and license business now represents approximately 8% of our Europe brand volume, and we expect its strong growth to continue. Full year underlying EBITDA in Europe decreased 8.2% in local currency, primarily due to the reversal of the indirect tax provision in 2017 that was up 4.3% excluding the effects of this reversal. Our European business grew brand volume 2.2% as well as improved its brands mix. Global brands, above premium and national champion brand portfolios all grew and more than offset losses in the value category as we executed our strategy to premiumize our portfolio. We also expanded our portfolio through the acquisition of the Aspall Cider brand portfolio and are currently performing ahead of our acquisition business case. We also continued our disciplined approach towards optimizing marketing investments at cost control. In Q4, our Canada underlying EBITDA decreased 12% in local currency driven by lower volumes, negative sales mix, one-time supply chain inventory write-offs and inflation, partially offset by cost savings and a 2.7% increase in net sales per hectoliter in local currency before revenue recognition. MG&A, excluding the impact of revenue recognition was effect in local currency. Brand volume decreased 2% as the result of lower volumes in the West and Ontario, partially offset by growth in Quebec. The introduction of Miller High Life early in the year and growth from Coors Banquet and Belgium Moon was more than offset by declines from other brands, including Coors Light and Molson Canadian. Full year underlying EBITDA in Canada decreased 4.1% in local currency, driven by lower volumes, negative sales mix, onetime supply chain inventory write-offs and inflation, partially offset by cost savings and a 0.9% increase in net sales per hectoliter in local currency before revenue recognition. MG&A excluding the impact of revenue recognition was up 2.3% in local currency. Brand volume decreased 2.2%, driven by industry declines in the West. The introduction of Miller High Life and growth from Belgian Moon were more than offset by declines from other brands, including Coors Light and Molson Canadian. Our total share trend has improved three quarters in a row, and Coors Light share of segment also improved three quarters in a row, improving to flat in the fourth quarter. In International, underlying EBITDA on a constant currency basis improved by $3.1 million in the quarter, driven by increased profitability to a shift to local production in Mexico, higher brand volume in our focus markets and lower MG&A. This was partially offset by unfavorable sales mix. Brand volume increased 1.1%, driven by organic growth in our focus markets, led by Miller Lite, Blue Moon and Miller High Life. Net sales per hectoliter decreased 18% in constant currency, driven by the shift to local production in Mexico in favor of a license model, resulting in higher margin. Our International business has increased its profitability substantially over the past year as we improved underlying EBITDA by approximately $19 million on a constant currency basis to $22.5 million, driven by the same factors as in the fourth quarter as well as improved profitability of our International focus brands: Coors Light, MGD and Miller Lite. Brand volume increased 2.2%, driven by organic growth in our focus markets, led by Miller High Life, Miller Lite and Blue Moon. Net sales per hectoliter decreased 6% in constant currency as the shift to local production in Mexico occurred as planned during the second half of the year. Now moving to outlook. Our earnings release provides full details of our guidance. As Mark stated, we remain committed to our plan for rating agency leverage of approximately 3.75 times EBITDA around the middle of 2019, and the dividend intentions and EBITDA margin expansion guidance we communicated in June are unchanged. In terms of cost savings, we remain confident in the $700 million of savings for the three years ending 2019 and now also plan an added $450 million for the period 2020 through 2022. Procurement and supply chain, including brewery optimization, constitute the majority of these new savings, with IT and global business services also contributing to the $450 million. We expect these savings to help fund our internal investment plans and the cost of achieving the savings as well as offset input inflation spread evenly over the period 2020 through 2022. We expect our International business to deliver a strong double-digit percentage increase to underlying EBITDA in constant currency for the full year 2019. We estimate an underlying free cash flow of $1.4 billion, plus or minus 10%, this year. We believe the main components of the difference between the midpoints of our estimates and consensus are lower estimates of capital spending, remember, we are still optimizing our brewery footprint in Canada; and high estimates of cash taxes paid as a result of onetime opportunities realized with tax reform in 2018. We are no longer communicating guidance on cost of goods sold per hectoliter by business unit in favor of estimated cost of goods sold trends on a total company basis. And of course, the U.S. remains the biggest driver of our cost of goods sold. And in 2019, we expect U.S. cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a similar rate to our estimated consolidated percentage increase of up mid-single digits. This amount reflects changes on aluminum and other key inputs and is per hectoliter and is on a constant currency basis versus 2018. As shared earlier, our U.S. distributors ended 2018 with typical levels of inventory. This was below what we expected on our last earnings call due to lower-than-anticipated inventories outside of the Milwaukee brewery orbit. Milwaukee did see the expected build in preparation for the February go-live. We expect to complete implementation of our new ordering system across our U.S. brewery network over the course of this year and foresee shipments converging with STRs for the year. Keep this in mind as you consider quarterly phasing in 2019. In November, we announced that we reached a settlement, amicably resolving all outstanding issues in the Pabst case. And as you know, these terms are confidential. The original contract still has a number of years to run and, for the near term, has not changed. At this point, I’ll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Tracey. Earning more is one of the three platforms by which we drive PACC, and this pillar is built on our First Choice Commercial Excellence approach. I’d like to give you some evidence of that by region, followed by a few comments on the increasing potential of our enterprise growth actions. In the U.S., Miller Lite continues its strong segment trend, while Coors Light’s relative performance improved, with the brand holding share of segment in Q4. In 2019, we have plans to accelerate our above premium portfolio through higher investment. We plan to double our media spend on Blue Moon, the number one national craft brand; air national advertising for Peroni for the first time; and build on a very successful year one for both Arnold Palmer Spiked and Sol. We’ll also increase Henry’s Sparkling presence in the fast-growing hard seltzer category, focusing on the brand’s clear product differentiators of zero sugar and only 88 calories, and introduce a number of innovations, including Cape Line, Saint Archer Gold, Crispin extensions and Sol Chelada, all before the summer. Our U.S. business enters 2019 having further strengthened its position as the trusted category captain across chain accounts in both the off and on-premise. And more broadly, our customer excellence performance is market-leading and improving further, as evidenced by the Advantage Survey results. And allied to this, we’ve ramped up our e-commerce approach within joint business plans and continue to build competitive advantage through our technology-enabled field sales teams with tools such as BeerMate, which we are now rolling out globally. We’re also thrilled to welcome Michelle St. Jacques as the new Chief Marketing Officer and Brian Erhardt as our new Chief Integrated Supply Chain Officer for the U.S. business. Our new Coors Light advertising is now on air, and we know we are moving in the right direction with the brand, allowing us to take even more share in premium lights. Coors Light will continue to emphasize its cold Rocky Mountain positioning as the world’s most refreshing beer. We’ll also invest more than ever on digital and social channels to engage and recruit 21 to 34-year-old drinkers. Miller Lite, the original light beer with less carbs and calories, will further enhance its competitive messaging to drive greater consumer affinity and brand switching from its major competitor. In Europe, we continue to move in the right direction. Our brand volumes are growing and premiumizing. Our national champion portfolio inflected to positive volume growth last year. Our global brands continued to grow well in excess of industry, and our above premium and craft portfolio also contributed to growth and mix. Our First Choice for Customer focus is also strengthening our customer relationships. For example, according to the Advantage Survey of UK retailers, we rate number one in the multiple on-trade across all beverage suppliers. We’re delighted our national champion brands in Europe had such a solid year, and we still aim for more. Our largest brand, Carling, has just begun a major new 360 degree campaign called Made Local, which started this month and will continue through 2019 and continue to strengthen the brand’s market-leading position. Finally, in Europe, we’re exporting and licensing our brands to multiple new markets. We’re generating increasing profit from this business and are excited about its future because it’s low capital intensity and offers considerable room for growth. our First Choice Commercial Excellence approach and capability is building in Canada, too. As I mentioned earlier, in terms of commercial performance, there are multiple highlights. Our total share trend has improved three quarters in a row, and Coors Light’s segment share also improved three quarters in a row, improving to flat in the fourth quarter. Craft volume grew, driven by Belgian Moon and Creemore, and our non-alcoholic portfolio of Coors Edge and Heineken 0.0 is delivering strong volume and segment share growth. In the value segment, we delivered strong share growth, driven by our simplified portfolio strategy and the launch of Miller High Life. As we look at 2019 and beyond, we’re excited by the potential we see from our innovation pipeline. Coors Slice, for example, is an innovation that strengthens the Coors trademark. And we’re encouraged by the tests behind our pending introduction of Aqua-Relle, our hard sparkling water. Our commitment to customer excellence includes the adoption of BeerMate to strengthen field sales management and promising joint business plan pilots with key customers. For example, a pilot with Ontario’s LCBO is producing beer category growth well in excess of the total industry performance. Our two largest brands will benefit from new advertising, brand redesign and innovation in 2019. For Coors Light, we’ll launch our new The Mountains are Calling campaign and introduce new packages, including a new chill pack in time for summer, and the Molson trademark enters 2019 with a new brand redesign and communication platform expected to unlock latent passion for the brand. The Miller trademark returned to our portfolio in 2016, and we plan to build on a very successful 2018, building awareness and distribution of Miller High Life since its launch early last year and adding to the success of MGD and other non-U.S. markets by expanding the brand’s availability and above premium positioning. Now as you know, the MillerCoors transaction also gave us the opportunity to get bigger internationally. In 2017, we began executing plans for improving our portfolio, route-to-market and profitability simultaneous with undertaking the structural changes, adding approximately $100 million in revenue to this business. Last year was year one of our new International strategy, targeting focus markets and implementing the many actions of dramatically improved profitability. These include our shift to local production in Mexico; favorable changes in the pricing of Coors Light, MGD and Miller Lite and accelerated growth of Blue Moon and Miller High Life; and standout performance at retail. International’s recent wins include MGD, capturing leadership of Paraguay’s premium segment; our new Blue Moon Tap House in Panama, the first of many; and strong growth across our portfolio in Latin America and India. Looking forward, our International business will remain committed to top and bottom line growth, driven by continued focus on portfolio mix improvements, building capabilities to expand within our priority markets and potential strategic entry into new markets. Now clearly, we’re more than the sum of our regions, and our Enterprise Growth Team is helping our business unlock that value through our global brands, customer excellence and disruptive growth. Our global brands span many markets and still have enormous potential. Coors Light continues to show very strong volume growth in Europe and is contributing to an improvement in region profits in Mexico, where we’ve reduced promotional intensity. Miller Lite’s responding positively to the change to its original white packaging in over 20 markets. And MGD and Miller High Life are showing significant growth outside of their home markets from LatAm to Europe to India. Staropramen outside of Czech Republic continues to grow strongly across Europe, responding positively to its new visual identity with consistent messaging. And finally, Blue Moon continues to grow in multiple markets, and we expect it to return to growth in the U.S. this year. There are many examples of our success delivering customer excellence, from the rollout of BeerMate to the introduction of our B2B online platform, to the use of advanced analytics to drive category growth, to embedding our e-commerce approach into joint customer business plans. And this approach has been recognized through multiple customer surveys across North America and Europe. Innovation and disruptive growth represents approximately 7% of our net sales. We continue to reenergize our core brands, expanding to new occasions, including low and no alcohol. We also continue to expand the footprint of our portfolio into new and emerging segments such as sparkling cocktails and hard sparkling water. Additionally, we have a range of initiatives such as Truss, which we expect to launch its non-alcoholic, cannabis-infused beverages portfolio in the fall of 2019, following legalization in Canada; the expansion of Blue Moon tap rooms; and our entry into markets such as kombucha. All of these initiatives are underpinned by continuous investment in our brewing capability and R&D. Finishing on PACC and our efforts to drive shareholder value. We’re pleased to be deleveraging at the pace we committed to, and we look forward to upping our cash returns to shareholders later this year, continuing our balanced approach to capital allocation and unlocking the top line opportunities in front of us through our First Choice for Consumer and Customer agenda. Thanks for your time and attention so far today. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Mark.
Mark Swartzberg: Thank you, Mark, and good morning again, everyone. Just a bit of housekeeping. We look forward to meeting with many of you over the course of the year, and various corporate accents events are scheduled for the year. I also want you to know we plan to host an investor event similar to the one held historically in June every two to three years. Now between such meetings, we plan to continue our many other forms of corporate access, including headquarter visits, field trips, non-deal roadshows and broker conferences. So I wanted to take care of that housekeeping item. And I think, Gary, if you’re ready, we’ll open the line to questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Mark, Tracey, I was hoping if you can bridge your assumptions for the 2019 free cash flow guidance. Why are you assuming for pricing in 2019, particular for the U.S., as I believe one of your competitors is moving their pricing earlier this year to April? And the second question is on the clarification of gauge on the cost save. Is it being reported like going forward, I think starting in 2020, as part of underlying? So are you moving to a GAAP reporting for EBIT? And can you give us an idea or the cost to achieve those additional $450 million in savings? Like I know you probably had about $230 million, if I’m doing the math right, to achieve the $700 million by the end of next – the end of this year. So can you give us like the costs, the expected costs to achieve the $450 million? Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Hi, Andrea, it’s Mark here. I think there was probably three question areas in there, free cash flow, pricing and cost savings. So Tracey, do you want to just talk about free cash flow? And then, Gavin, do you want to talk about our pricing position in the U.S.? And then we’ll come back and cover cost savings. So Tracey, just on free cash flow.
Tracey Joubert: Yes, so our free cash flow guidance, Andrea, for 2019 is $1.4 billion, plus or minus 10%. That does include the cost savings that we have communicated for this year getting to $700 million. I think your question on – I’m not sure that I understand the U.S. GAAP EBIT question, but let me answer the $450 million of cost savings. And the cost architecture includes both CapEx and OpEx, and those will be including – included in underlying. So in the past, when we stated cost savings and synergies, there was a portion that was included – that wasn’t included in underlying. Those were onetime costs. But going forward, the CapEx and OpEx will be included in all the underlying guidance that we give you.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Tracey. The other thing just to mention on our free cash flow, obviously, the free cash flow excludes any asset disposals, and we anticipate disposing of our Montreal brewery after 2019. So that will be additional cash to help support deleverage but not reported within our free cash flow. And we’ll update you on that as we conclude that process a little bit later this year. Gavin, do you want to pick up on pricing and the pricing environment within the U.S.?
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, Mark, thanks, and good morning, Andrea. Let me just say, first off, that from a pricing point of view, it’s been fairly consistent over many years in the sort of 1% to 2% range. We’re particularly pleased with the progress that we made on pricing in 2018. And Q4 was a good quarter for us from a net revenue perspective. Sales mix remains a big focus area for us. We were down 70 basis points in the fourth quarter. And obviously, our focus and a lot of our efforts is going towards premiumizing our portfolio in 2019 and improving the overall sales mix of our U.S. business unit. From a pricing point of view, Andrea, I would point to you again that pricing has been fairly consistent over the years. We evaluate our pricing on a market-by-market basis. We price our product in the best interest of the brands to optimize revenue in each and every market. So we evaluate competitive pricing, but we don’t share our strategies overall publicly.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Gavin. Thanks, Tracey. Andrea, thanks for your questions. Hopefully, we managed to cover all parts of that. Gary, back to you.
Operator: The next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara Mohsenian: Hi, guys.
Mark Hunter: Good morning.
Dara Mohsenian: If I look at your MG&A line in the U.S. in the last couple of years, it’s down about 30%, which is a pretty large decrease in that line item. So can you give us some kind of sense for how much of the decline is due to lower advertising spend in the U.S., particularly given Mark’s comment alluding to the available third-party data sometimes missing some of your spending on digital or other areas? And then second, as we think going forward, you’ve obviously talked about your desire to improve U.S. market share and volume trends. There’s a more aggressive innovation cycle and marketing levels from your key competitors in the U.S. Some of that is even targeted directly at your brand. So going forward, do you think you need to redo spending significantly behind the U.S. business, either in advertising, R&D or any other areas going forward? Thanks.
Mark Hunter: Let me pick that up. And Gavin, I’ll try and hit the high spots, and let me know if I missed anything. I mean, if you look at our MG&A line across our business, not just the U.S., we’ve been working very hard in two fronts. One is to make sure that we’ve got a cost base that’s set for the future. And we’ve taken some significant steps right across our business and, obviously, through the second half of 2018 to actually reduce our overall cost base. And we’ve been working really hard at removing or reallocating what we describe as nonworking marketing dollars and really getting that right at the front end of our business. That’s allowed us to actually take some reductions in some marketing spend. But we don’t break that out by region because it’s competitively sensitive. And linked to your second part of your question, the focus in our business is making sure that we’ve got marketing or advertising that’s really working for us. And it’s clear, as we came through 2019, that we were suboptimal with two or three of our brands in the U.S. So the focus is less on incremental spending but much more on making sure that we’ve got work that really connects with consumers and changes behavior. And there’s plenty of examples of brands in the marketplace that have increased their spending and that had no impact on their overall brand performance. We’re very focused on specification of our targeting, the productivity of our marketing investment and the strength of our creative work. And 2018, I think, demonstrated that we still have some improvements to make, and I think that’s one of the reasons we’re excited about Michelle joining our team. And she’s on board and, I believe, will have a big impact on the quality of our marketing work in the U.S. But Gavin, anything else you would add to that? Or have I covered all the bases?
Gavin Hattersley: Well, I think you covered all the bases there, Mark. Maybe I can just add in Q4 specifically. Obviously, we had the restructuring, which we talked about in the last earnings call, and obviously, we had – we’ve had employee-related cost reductions as a result of that. And then, of course, we didn’t have a particularly good year last year. We had smaller – or much smaller annual incentive payments to employees, which also would have reduced MG&A in the fourth quarter.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Gavin.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong: Thank you. Good morning. So, I guess, my question is just in terms of the U.S. beer industry volume trends. Clearly, second year in a row that I think volume had gotten worse. And it sounds like maybe 2019, you don’t really expect things to get better. So I just want to understand how you’re thinking about the industry volume trends playing out in 2019. And then, for kind of in this reality of persist volume declines for the industry, how does that shape your strategy going forward because a lot of the things that I think you’re talking about, I’m not sure if there’s meaningfully different than what we’ve kind of heard in the past. So I guess, I’m just wondering strategically over the next few years how should that strategy evolve if we’re going to see the industry continuing to see volume decline 1% to 2%.
Mark Hunter: Let me start with the second part of your question. And Gavin, do you want to just offer a perspective around kind of the industry drivers? The second part of your question, Judy, I would come back to, really, the continued expansion of the margin pull or the revenue pull in the U.S. So yes, there’s pressure on volume, but consumers are drinking slightly less, but better for one of a headline, and that means that our strategy in terms of our portfolio has got to be accelerated premiumization of that portfolio. That’s what we indicated that we were leaning into very hard as we go in – came into 2018, that’s why we’ve made additions to our above-premium portfolio and that’s why I indicated on my script earlier that we’re doubling down on in particular, Peroni, Blue Moon and Sol, as well as our innovation agenda. So it’s no different to what we’ve done in our European business over a number of years, where we’ve consistently reshaped the portfolio. I mean, in our European business, we are close to 30% of our volume is in above premium. We are underrepresented in above premium. And while we continue to protect, defend and stabilize our large brands, Coors Light and Miller Lite, we must accelerate the pace of premiumization in our portfolio. So that’s second part of your question in terms of our response. Gavin, do you want to talk about just the drivers on the beer industry more generally?
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, Mark. Good morning, Judy. Look, I mean, our estimates are aligned with yours, right, which is at the full year 2018, industry trend was pretty similar to that 2017. Some of the bigger drivers, the overall health of the industry is the weakness of the biggest brand, Bud Light, Miller Lite, Coors Light and obviously, Mark has talked a little bit about what we’re doing there. Growth in wine and spirits has continued. And as an industry, we need to be pro-beer first and a lot of our innovation is focused in that particular area. Consumer demographics continue to evolve whether it’s styles, whether it’s flavors, and we, obviously, you need to resonate with those consumers. And again, our innovation is focused there. I think the beer industry has become increasingly fragmented with a significant number of new SKUs that have been added in recent years and that’s creating confusion in retail, and our big chain customers are recognizing that and are dialing back on the proliferation of SKUs. And then there’s a whole host of other micro cuts. As to what we’re doing about it, but I think Mark covered that of in enough detail. But our focus is, obviously, Miller Lite and Coors Light and driving strong growth in above premium.
Judy Hong: Okay. And Gavin, just o ne clarification, the STW versus STR. So the fact that outside of Milwaukee, the inventory came down, does that reverse in 2019? Or is it just a reality of maybe a lower STR trend? And then the higher inventory levels in the Milwaukee brewery, does that also reverse? So net-net, we’re looking at a wash just in terms of inventory levels in 2019?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Look, Judy, I think what – I think the message you should take away from an inventory point of view is we always and drive convergence between sales-to-wholesalers and sales-to-retailers, and this year won’t be any different. There will be moves, obviously, Milwaukee will come down. But Albany will go up as we get ready for the Albany rollout. So there’ll be an increase in net overturn as we then rollout to Irwindale that’ll elevate during that particular period of time. But from a full-year perspective, I think the message is we try and drive convergence between those two.
Judy Hong: Got it. Thanks.
Mark Hunter: And Gavin, just building on that, Judy, I think we were pretty as we come through 2018, and that’s what we expected to occur on a full year basis in 2018 with STWs and STRs converging by the year-end, and they did do that. The encouraging thing is as we’ve started 2019, certainly, based on all of the news and data, the trends from an STR perspective for the MillerCoors portfolio are – have improved materially versus what we saw in the fourth quarter.
Judy Hong: Understood. Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: Great, I think you’ve kind of got to what I was going to ask. So just really talking about the Q4 in the U.S. surprisingly – a little bit surprisingly weak, was that more a function of your business or the industry? And again, you just sort of touched on it. The – some of the standard data is better in January, the beer producers NBWA index was positive kind of the best reading in sometime in January. Can you give us any sense of how we should kind of be looking at these various data points in terms of what’s going on? Were there calendar issues? Issues of holidays? Issues with the weather? Just trying to get a better feel of what’s actually going on with the U.S. market over the last four months. Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Gavin, do you want to dive into some of the detail around that?
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, yes. Hi, Robert. Look, I think there’s obviously a number of factors that drove our third quarter performance and industry overall. Some of them were duplicative. So the industry did have a fairly meaningful price increase in the fall of 2018, which drove some loading into Q3 and the industry felt a fall out of that in Q4. The overall beer industry, Robert, in the fourth quarter was pretty weak. We actually improved our overall share trends in Q4 versus where we were in Q3. And then, of course, we probably, which is related to us, had a large restructuring, which was surely disruptive to our own internal system. As Mark said, the fourth – the first sort of six weeks are interesting. I mean, obviously, we’ll have to see how it transpires over the course of the full quarter. But we’re very encouraged by the results for both the industry and for MillerCoors. And if you take the last four months from October through January, industry is performing pretty similarly to that, which it did in the whole of 2018 and the whole of 2017. Now according to Nielsen, our year-to-date trend has improved to down low-single digits compared to the mid-single digits we saw in Q4. Coors Light and Miller Lite are driving stronger performance with Coors Light also improving to down low-single digits, while Miller Lite, according to Nielsen, is now firmly in positive territory year-to-date, keeping pace with the industry. So only six weeks, Robert, but we’re confident in our new Coors Light marketing campaign. We think we got the right message with Miller Lite, and we’ve got a really exciting lineup on premium initiatives, which we’re going to execute in the first part of this year.
Robert Ottenstein: Can you give us maybe just a little bit better sense of what’s going on in terms of key channels, on-trade, off-trade, for instance? Is there any particular weaknesses or strengths there?
Gavin Hattersley: I think traditionally, the on-premise has been a little weaker. Foot traffic is down a little bit. I don’t think that’s a trend that changed in the fourth quarter in any meaningful way, Robert. Pretty consistent with what we’ve been saying in the past.
Robert Ottenstein: Okay. And in terms of the encouraging results for the first six weeks of the year, do you think that’s weather-related or anything that you can hang your head on?
Gavin Hattersley: Well, I’m not going to get into the weather-related side of it because we have good weather and we have bad weather all over the country. I think six weeks is just about half the quarter, and we’ll have to see how the quarter transpires. There were some – a few timing differences between the end of last year and the beginning of this year from an overall industry perspective, Robert. But we had some good weather weeks and we had some bad weather weeks. They will kind of wash out in the fullness of time.
Robert Ottenstein: Great.
Mark Swartzberg: Robert, this is Mark Swartzberg. To be clear, what Mark and Gavin were talking about was the Nielsen data that you have.
Robert Ottenstein: Yes.
Mark Swartzberg: So they’re commenting on the data that you can draw conclusions from it as well.
Robert Ottenstein: Okay. Thank you, Mark.
Mark Swartzberg: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Mark Hunter: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: So I just wanted to get – come back to the questions around the net leverage target for the middle of the year. And one, I guess, in the presentation, it just says leverage. So is it gross or net that you’re targeting to get the 3.75?
Tracey Joubert: So this 3.75 is underrating agency calculation. So I mean, really, it’s – you want to take out cash into account. But it does take a number of items, such as pension, et cetera. So yes, it’s EBITDA over net debt basically.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, alright great, thank you.
Mark Hunter: Bryan, that’s been consistent with how we have described it for the last three years and consistent with the commitment we gave in the middle of last year as well. So there’s certainly no change there. And we are pleased with where we ended up at the year-end and very much on track to strengthen the balance sheet and continue to delever and raise our dividend as we’ve indicated.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great thank you. And then I guess, the second question I had is just relative to Brexit. Is there anything that is, I guess, contemplated in your outlook or your plans for this year that have any kind of provisions that you might have to take to the extent that you get a hard Brexit?
Mark Hunter: Let me ask Simon to pick that up. He’s intimate with Brexit. He is certainly intimate with it. So, Simon?
Simon Cox: Yes. Thank you Bryan, I think it’s probably important to just understand the shape of our UK business. We are very much a U.K producer for the UK market within the UK. So whilst we do import small amounts of volume on things like the Rekorderlig Cider and we do export small amounts of volume of things like Carling to tourist markets in Spain. We are, generally speaking, not really exposed to that sort of import/export side of it. But most of the impacts would be in some of the macroeconomic things you might think about. But honestly speaking, we’re not unduly concerned by Brexit. The UK business continues to perform really strongly. We’ve made sensible provisions, as you would expect still on things like managing supply chain imported goods to make sure that we don’t run out of critical supply that do come from the continent. And overall, I wouldn’t take it significantly into account in terms of modeling our European business.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Thanks Bryan.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Thanks good morning. I wanted to ask a little bit about the COGS per hectoliter guidance. So I think, Tracey, you said in the U.S., it sounds like you’re expecting it to be in line with the overall company guidance for mid-single-digit inflation. Could you maybe help us aggregate a little bit logistics, just conceptually, because I’m sure you wouldn’t give numbers, but logistics versus raw materials and also the degree which volume deleverage is playing into that? Because I just would have thought that the inflation would not have been as significant given lapping the Midwest premium dynamics and freight cost. Thanks.
Mark Hunter: You Tracey do you want to talk that?
Tracey Joubert: Yes, a couple of things to consider, Lauren. So we do have a robust hedging program in place, and we’re very comfortable with our hedge position across all of our commodities. One of the things also just to consider is as we go into 2019 if you remember back in 2018 one of the biggest drivers of our aluminum cost was the Midwest premium. And the Midwest premium only significantly increased towards the back half of the first quarter of last year. So for the first bid of the year, we did have lower Midwest premium. And since then, it hasn’t come down. It’s still sort of in that $0.19 a pound range. So we’ve got that to consider. And then inflation from a freight point of view is still a bit of an issue. As hedging comes down to the extent the other commodities have, so we’re still dealing with that. But that’s why it is important as we look at our cost savings for this year is to mitigate that inflation that we are continuing to see from some of our commodity headwinds as well as the freight environment.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. And then sort of following on that, the geographic mix for cost savings, I know you talked about the $450 million plan going forward. But in terms of the 100-ish that’s "left" for ‘2019, is it reasonable to assume that well more than half of that is flowing to the U.S.?
Mark Hunter: Yes, Lauren its Mark here. We haven’t broken out geographically our cost savings program. We broke out the big drivers across procurement, IT, supply chain, et cetera. So we haven’t given guidance. I mean, if you look at the shape of our business and where our costs actually reside, I think you can draw your own conclusion from where those costs should actually flow through. But we haven’t given specific guidance. But I think you can do a reasonably easy kind of math exercise on that one to work that through.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. All right. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Amit Sharma with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Sharma: Hi, good morning every one.
Mark Hunter: Hi, Amit. Good morning.
Amit Sharma: A couple of follow-ups and then one for Mark. Tracey, the cost saving $450 million is clear. You talked about more of those costs you achieve this will fall to in the operating. Can you give us a sense of how much of total you should have modeled for to achieve this cost? And then for Gavin. Gavin, you gave the pricing commentary. It’s very market by market that’s fully understood. But if you had an opportunity to take another round of pricing to follow up your competitor, are you open to that? Or is that also contingent on how you’re looking at your share performance? And then I have one for Mark after these two.
Mark Hunter: Okay. So Tracey, do you want to kick off on the cost savings?
Tracey Joubert: Yes, so, I mean, we’re not giving cost to achieve number just because it is going to be part of that underlying, so it is included in all of our underlying guidance including the CapEx guidance and the operating margin guidance. So it’s split between OpEx and CapEx, but we are not giving detail around that.
Mark Hunter: Gavin, do want to pick up on pricing?
Gavin. Hattersley: Sure. Amit, I mean, I can’t really give you anything more than I gave you earlier on, right? We don’t provide forward guidance on pricing. What I can say to you is that pricing has been very consistent over the last two years. We’ve been pleased with our revenue management process over the last year and you can see that demonstrated in the fourth quarter. And obviously, one of the inputs into our revenue strategy is competitive pricing. So once we assess what’s going on in the competitive environment, we’ll do what’s best for our brands to optimize revenue.
Amit Sharma: Got it. And then, Mark, just a question for you. I mean, very clear you are focused on free cash generation and then use that to grow dividends starting next year as well. But if you look at the stock price, the market doesn’t seem to be rewarding that capital allocation strategy. So just wondering, is there – is this up for debate at the Board level? Or are we pretty set on this course, at least in 2019 and 2020?
Mark Hunter: Yes, we’ve had, I think, pretty good debate at the Board level and with the Finance Committee. We feel very good about the plan that we’ve laid out through the first half of 2019. Clearly, if there was anything unexpected happened relative to our estimates of our business performance and our stock, then we’ll obviously reengage with our Board and our Finance Committee. But we laid out a plan and we’re committed to that plan. And I think one of the things that we’ve endeavored to do in our business, as we kind of prepped for and executed the MillerCoors transaction and then drove through integration and deleverages to deliver on the commitments that we’ve made. And this is a commitment that we’ve made because we feel that we are uncompetitive from a yield perspective, we want to reset that. But the thing to be reminded is the resetting our dividend and our competitive yield still then gives us pretty significant flexibility beyond that move. So if you look at our overall free cash flow and cost of increasing our dividend, then we still have flexibility as we get through the second half of 2019 and then to 2020. So our capital allocation strategy around brand-led growth opportunities, further balance sheet strengthening or further return of cash to shareholders will always be on the table. And I don’t think that’s in any way undermined by our commitment to step up our dividend from the middle of 2019. So flexibility still exists beyond that commitment, Amit.
Amit Sharma: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Steve Powers: Great. Thank you very much. So Mark, if we could start with international. I think you called out an expectation for strong double-digit EBITDA growth in the international business 2019. And I was hoping if you could just expand upon the drivers there. Clearly, good progress made in 2018. But I guess, what are the big stepping blocks as you see it in 2019?
Mark Hunter: Yes. Well, obviously we changed the leadership of the international team just over a year ago. I was already stepping in and he’s driven a very, very focused game plan there where we really consolidated the markets that we’ve prioritized and the brands that we’re driving and really worked to stepping up our partner engagement and accountability. So we have a stronger brand portfolio. We’re in markets that we believe that we can go much deeper in terms of our overall brand scale. And we’ve now got our cost base, I think, set for purpose that allows us to scale up the business without any significant additional cost. So all of the volume or contribution of sites gives us opportunity to flow that through the business going forward. So really good progress. We delivered again on our commitment in 2018 in terms of the step up in our international performance, and we have a high degree of confidence in our ability to continue to generate strong double-digit EBITDA growth in that business. So again it probably took of all your glory there, but…
Steve Powers: Okay. Thank you very much. Sorry, did you want to add?
Mark Hunter: No. I kind of did it earlier.
Steve Powers: Okay, very good. And then, if I could follow-up, Gavin, just netting out the comments you made in response to Judy’s question, I believe, and also Robert’s, can you just drill down and maybe add a little bit of clarity the anticipated cadence of STWs throughout the year relative to STR trends? I think Tracey might have mentioned it in her prepared remarks, but I missed some of it. Just when I look at all the moving parts and kind of interpret what you said earlier, I’m assuming you’ll receive some shipment timing benefits in the first quarter and perhaps the first half before it then reverses. But I just wanted to sanity check that assumption.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Steve. Gavin, do you want to pick up?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, sure, Mark. And Stephen, I mean, again, I’ll go back to from an overall point of view, we plan for convergence between the two. We don’t give quarterly guidance. I don’t think Tracey gave that either. Obviously, we had some shipment challenges out of Golden last year, which are fairly well-known and our brewery rollout subsequent to that have been much more positive. So that will obviously give us some benefit in 2019 when you do a strict compare against 2018. But we are still rolling out the system. Trenton, Fort Worth breweries went live last year and they have been encouraging and much better than Golden, but that’s a big system implementation and we’re going to have challenges and we do. Milwaukee and Chippewa Falls breweries just went live and they are so far – certainly, been a week, but they’re so far performing better than Fort Worth, which is the one that went live before that. So we’re getting more and more effective at these rollout as we do them. Lots of things change in a quarterly-by-quarterly basis, Steve, from timing of holidays, timing of shipments and so on. So we’re not going to give specific guidance on that.
Steve Powers: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Mark Hunter: Steve, the only thing I would add is as you look at the first quarter, just remember that we’re cycling two or three big kind of adjustments year-on-year. Last year, we had the indirect tax provision, which had flown through the benefit in 2017 and obviously, was a headwind in 2018 with some shipment challenges around the Golden go live. I think it was well documented. And the good news is how the team have responded from Golden and our go lives subsequent to then certainly have been a lot smoother. And then, obviously, they’re just underlying industry performance. And as we’ve talked to this year, it certainly seems to be off to a more positive start and our trends relative to market are more positive according to Nielsen as well. So just bear those in mind as you contemplate the first quarter.
Steve Powers: Yes. Thanks, Mark. That’s very clear. Appreciate it .
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: The next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Vivien Azer: Hi good morning.
Mark Hunter: Good morning, Vivien.
Vivien Azer: So I really appreciate the commentary around the better trends in the U.S. in the first six weeks of the year that certainly is apparent in Nielsen. But when look at your market share and your market share came up a lot, Mark, within your and Tracey’s prepared remarks. I’m trying to understand like how you balance market share aspirations around Coors Light specifically, which is obviously critical to total portfolio performance relative to potential cannibalization. Because as I look at your volume share, the Coors Light improvement is apparent, but from a total company perspective, it seems like, at least in the last eight to 12 weeks, that’s unfortunately been more than offset by Keystone Light. So number one, is volume share that you’re thinking of, or is it dollar share? Number two, is it market share targets for the total portfolio in addition to Coors Light? Number three, any specific commentary on the interaction between Coors Light and Keystone Light specifically?
Mark Hunter: All right, Vivian, wow. Let me try and unpack that one. So I think Gavin and I have been very consistent as we’ve come through 2018 that job number one for us in the U.S. business is to start to get our volume performance to match the industry performance. That’s not something we think will take six or 12 months, but it’s certainly the medium-term target that we’ve set for our teams, and we want to be holding our share of the U.S. industry and alongside premiumizing our portfolio. So really margining up the business. So that’s as simple as I can make the objective we’ve set for our U.S. team. Clearly, part and parcel of that we have to ensure that both Coors Light and Miller Lite are outperforming the segment that they operate, and Miller Lite is there, Coors Light is moving back in that direction. And as I mentioned and below premium, overall, we have actually stabilized that position and actually took a little bit of share. In terms of the cannibalization between Keystone and Coors Light, anything you would add on that particular point, Gavin?
Gavin Hattersley: No, Mark. We’ve done study after study after study on that because the question comes up periodically. And Keystone Light performance is very well in stores, where Coors Light is not even available. As a large national chain sometimes where Keystone is one of our only products there. And so there’s very little interaction with Coors Light. So that’s not of all what’s driving it. I mean, what’s driving it is and Anheuser-Busch has reacted with their economy brands on a 15-pack basis. And so they’re driving fair amount of price and value to consumers, and Keystone is going up against that strategy. So Anheuser-Busch copied us and that’s impacting our economy share. From a Premium Lights point of view, we’re very pleased with the performance. Miller Lite continues to grow significant share in the Premium Light segment. And Coors Light, for the last four weeks, is actually also been positive. So we’re pleased with that, as I said earlier on.
Mark Hunter: Your question was about a volume share versus value sure. So job number one is getting our overall volume to match the industry trends in the U.S.
Vivien Azer: That’s perfect. So just to summarize just to make sure I’m hearing you guys correctly. So the strategy is to manage your volume share at the segment level. So Above Premium, Premium Light and Below Premium. And to improve your volume share within each of those segments with the ultimate aspiration of that driving total volume share gains, but you have to manage it at the segment level.
Mark Hunter: The only correction there I would make is that job number one is to get the place where our volume is matching the industry trends and holding our share in the medium-term.
Vivien Azer: Understood. Thank you so much.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Vivien.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Laurent Grandet: Yes. Good morning, Mark and Tracey. Two questions. One on Coors Light, one on cannabis. For the second one, actually, could you please update us on your Truss cannabis JV. Would you be ready to launch new and/or test your product in Q4 and it’s become legal in Canada for beverages? And what about your position regards to CBD products in the U.S.? And on Coors Light, really, I mean, what are the early positive sign you are seeing with Coors Light specifically with consumer? I’m not interested in the Nielsen analysis. I’d like to understand if you are seeing any consumer impact, if any are to the corn syrup and Super Bowl complaint from your competitor? Thanks very much.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Laurent. Let’s start with cannabis. Fred is here, and Fred, obviously, has overall accountability for cheering our Truss JV. So Fred, do you want to just talk about our status and expectations as we look through this year?
Fred Landtmeters: Sure. Good morning, Laurent. So we set up the Truss JV back in October last year. And from the beginning, I think we were very clear that our objective was to be ready to capture a meaningful share of the cannabis-infused beverages markets from day one of legalization. So we still expect legalization to happen in the fall of 2019 around the October time. We’re currently following up on all the regulatory aspects that are coming into place. And the team are racing to get ready for day one. So they’re working on the portfolio, the operational side of the business. And I think, in summary, I can say we’re on track to be ready on day one.
Mark Hunter: Yes, I mean, I would add a couple of things. I think we’ve got a great partner. We feel really good about the relationship. We’ve got a great leader in the business in Brett Vye, a very capable team in place and the portfolio is really starting to come together. So as Fred said, we’ll be on the playing field from day one and competing very hard in that marketplace. I think you asked a question about CBDs in the U.S., so the team that we had working internally on our Canada initiative have continued to work on other market opportunities. I think it’s too early to comment on the U.S. Obviously, we’re watching where there’s federal approval. And clearly, that’s something that’s important to us as we’re federally regulated. So we’re watching the CBD space. We’ve got a team looking at it. And it’s too early to comment beyond that at this point in time. On Coors Light, Gavin, do you want to pick up on Laurent’s question around our competitors – competitive advertising?
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, Mark. Thanks. Good morning, Laurent. Look I mean, it’s disappointing that ABI has chosen to single-handedly damage the overall health of the beer category health initiative by disparaging American farmers and natural ingredients that most brewers including themselves, I might add, use quite extensively. On the positive side, Anheuser-Busch could not have handled it as a better gift if they tried harder. Our distributors are proud. They are fiercely competitive and they lack nothing more than a good fight. And honestly, Laurent, nothing we could have done, could have fired them up so much. Our employees are just as fired up and the next few months are going to be interesting for sure. My comments around the first six weeks obviously include pre-Super Bowl and post-Super Bowl, which was when the ad was flattered. So that was close to telling you what’s going on from an individual brand point of view as I’m going to do. But Coors Light is growing its market share over the last four weeks in the Premium Lights segment. We’ve got a new Chief Marketing Officer, who actually joined us the day after the Super Bowl, Michelle. Mark referenced to her a little bit on the call. She’s been a rising star at Kraft Heinz. She understands what makes brands unique. She’s ready to take our brands to the next level. And what she’s going to bring us – bring to us is new ideas and speed. And actually, you can see the way we’ve reacted and in fact, once we define that this is the route that we’re going to take, we actually preempted the campaign on the Sunday and then followed it up with speed in a number of different angles over the last sort of 10 days or so and watch the space.
Laurent Grandet: Thank you very much. We appreciate your response.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Gavin.
Operator: The last question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Mark Hunter: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy: Just as a follow-up question for Fred on the cannabis strategy. And Fred, I think the comment was you expect to gain meaningful share. So two questions here. Number one, what’s the level of investment we should anticipate without putting an exact number, but just sort of order of magnitude that’s going to flow through the Canadian segment as you support this effort? And then, two, with respect to strategy because, of course, your key competitors are going to be there and look to capitalize on the significant TAM as well. Can you give us a sense of how many products perhaps you intend to launch? How you handicap competitive positioning, product superiority? And as we sit here today, what gives you confidence that you’ll indeed be able to succeed given what appears to be likely a crowded market? So thanks for that.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Kevin. Fred, I think there’s a bundle of questions there for you.
Fred Landtmeters: Yes, the first one, Kevin, the level of investments, as you know, the cost of the Truss JV are consolidated in our Canadian results, but we’re not commenting on the specific investments we’re making in the JV. I think it’s appropriate to say that the JV is properly funded. We’re confident that we made, together with our partner, HEXO, the right level of investment to deliver a strong portfolio on day one of legalization. And I’ll leave it there in terms of details to disclose. Now the products to be launched in the marketplace, I mean, we’ve got a very entrepreneurial team in place. They’re working hard to get in the portfolio ready. There’s a lot of emerging ideas. And I think we’re in the stage now of confirming what the brands portfolio is going to look like. But we said from the beginning, you should probably think broadly in terms of beverages that can be infused with cannabis. And at this stage, we don’t have many more details to disclose about specific products to be launched.
Mark Hunter: Yes, I think it’s fair. It’s probably around the middle of this year, we’ll be in a position where we can as we start to talk to route-to-market customers, then we’ll to be in a position to share more broadly the shape of our portfolio. So if you can just bear with us on that, clearly, we don’t want to show our hand too early. I think it is worth just reminding people, Kevin, of the estimates around the size of the cannabis market in Canada. So anything from $7 billion to $10 billion beverages, anything from 20% to 30%. So if you take the low end estimates of that, there’s a potential over time for that market to be worth around $1.5 billion. So I think with our position and knowledge of the Canadian market and the great partner we have, we’re well positioned to be on the playing field from day one and to compete very effectively, and we know how to compete effectively in Canada.
Kevin Grundy: Thank you. And just the quick follow-up, a point of clarification will be it seems like you do not anticipate either further OpEx or elevated OpEx or further investment into the JV in order to support the initial rollout. Is that how we should think about it at least for 2019?
Mark Hunter: Tracey, do you want to...
Tracey Joubert: Yes, I would say that to Fred’s comments not significant. We went into this joint venture really having a look at the cash required and the investment required, and we feel comfortable with the level of investment that we are going to make and the operating expenses that we’re going to include. But they are not significant.
Mark Hunter: Yes, and very good.
Kevin Grundy: Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Mark, it is not available until October probably of this year. So the impact on Q4 would, I think, be relatively small. And 2020, then you’ve got full year of revenue up against the full year of costs as well. So look, I think we can give more detail once we get into the marketplace, and we can see what kind of consumer reaction we get.
Kevin Grundy: Thank you, everyone. Good luck.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Hunter for any closing remarks.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Gary. Could I just thank everybody for their interest in the Molson Coors Brewing Company. Hopefully, we’ve laid out very clearly the significant progress we’ve made as a company and also given you a little sense of transparency against the opportunity areas that we continue to work on to further strengthen the performance of our business and our overall shareholder return. So I look forward to catching up with people on a one-to-one basis, as per Mark’s comments, and thanks again for your interest in Molson Coors.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Swartzberg - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Tracey I. Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Frederic Landtmeters - Molson Coors Canada, Inc.
Analysts: Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC Laurent Grandet - Guggenheim Partners Pablo Zuanic - SIG Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's safe harbor language. Today's discussion includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations and projections contained in such statements are disclosed in the company's filings with the SEC. The company does not undertake to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period and in U.S. dollars. Our call will open with some remarks from Mark Swartzberg, Vice President of Investor Relations at Molson Coors. Please go ahead.
Mark Swartzberg - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, thank you, Chad, and hello, everyone. I am delighted to be here at Molson Coors after being on the other side of this call for many years. Following the prepared remarks this morning, management will take your questions. In order to allow as many people to ask questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. That's one follow-up. And if you have additional questions, please return to the queue. Now I'd like to turn the call over to our CEO, Mark Hunter.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you, Mark, and hello, and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Tracey Joubert, our CFO; the CEOs of each of our four business units: Lee Reichert, our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer; and Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller. Today, Tracey and I will be take you through our plans to drive long-term and total shareholder returns, highlighting our third quarter results and also discuss our outlook for the business. As usual, we're offering related slides on the Investor Relations page of our website. Before doing that, I would like to take a moment to recognize the passing of Bill Coors earlier this month. Our company stands on the shoulders of giants like Bill, who was a Chairman of Coors for over 40 years, and we honor his memory by rededicating ourselves to continuing the work he loved so much, brewing highest-quality beer to share with family and friends, one of life's simple pleasures. Now this quarter reflects progress on a number of fronts, as we drive our consistent First Choice strategy of earning more, using less and investing wisely. Brand volume grew in developed and developing markets outside of North America. NSR per hectoliter grew globally. We announced incremental cost reductions in the U.S. to protect investment and counter inflation. We grew underlying EBITDA in constant currency in each of our four business units. We further paid down debt as our teams across the business reduced working capital and cash taxes. And in early October, we completed the formation of Truss, our Canadian cannabis joint venture, naming Brett Vye as CEO. Brett is a long-standing commercial leader and most recently served as the Chief Commercial and Strategy Officer for our fast growing International division. In relation to debt pay down, we've generated $2.5 billion of underlying free cash flow since the end of 2016. We're committed to $1.5 billion, plus or minus 10%, in free cash flow for this year. Additionally, we remain committed to our plan for rating agency leverage of 3.75 times by mid-2019, our current dividend payment, and the dividend intentions we communicated in June of this year. Let me now turn to underlying business trends and our outlook. The volume growth we are seeing outside North America is driven by consistency of our First Choice strategy, the breadth and depth of our global brand portfolio, and a positive industry. Europe, our second largest business unit by volume, is growing consistently and accelerating the pace of portfolio premiumization, while our International business unit led by the Latin American markets posted mid-teens growth due to the strong performance of our global brands, led by Coors Light and the Miller Trademark brands of MGD, Miller Lite and Miller High Life. Turning to North America, in the U.S. brand volumes or STRs were below industry volumes. As we've indicated, improving our volume performance in the U.S. is a priority, and the first step is to improve our share performance through Coors Light and accelerated premiumization of the portfolio. In the quarter, Coors Light STRs declined a moderating rate sequentially. Miller Lite continued to take share in premium lights and also declined a moderating rate. Above premium trends improved sequentially, benefiting from Peroni and Sol, our regional craft brands, Arnold Palmer Spiked and Henry's Hard Sparkling. In Canada, brand volume trends improved sequentially and the Miller Trademark and Belgian Moon brand grew strongly in the quarter. We continue to make progress in relation to stabilizing and improving the volume and profitability of our Canadian business and returning this business to growth. Turning to outlook, we remain committed to our performance guidance for 2018, and I'll comment in more detail on each of our business units after passing the call to Tracey. Before I do that, let me offer a few comments about how our organization is focused on earning more, using less, and investing wisely by utilizing our Profit after Capital Charge, or PACC model. We believe we have the right strategy to grow shareholder value over the medium to long-term. That strategy has delivered consistent business performance improvements over the past three years. And as I mentioned, we remain committed to our 2018 guidance despite a more challenging inflationary environment. In terms of top line performance, characterized as earning more, we continue to drive our First Choice approach, strengthening and premiumizing our brand portfolio, building powerful customer relationships and driving disruptive growth. To this last point, our new Truss cannabis joint venture is just one example of this. The combination of Molson Coors Canada and HEXO, the cannabis market leader in Québec, offers a tremendous opportunity to shape the nonalcoholic cannabis-infused beverages category upon its planned legalization in Canada in the fall of 2019. And we believe we will secure a meaningful share of this potentially high-value category and prepare ourselves for potential further International expansion. Using less is our second platform and is designed to fuel growth and protect our bottom line performance. We are over-delivering on our synergy plan, and we continue to make great progress on improving productivity through shared services, which is scaling rapidly, and world class supply chain improvements. We also decided to execute incremental cost reductions in the U.S. to protect our marketing investment and counter inflation. And as Tracey will cover, we expect to over-deliver on our current three-year total cost-savings guidance. Investing wisely is our third platform, and we remain resolute on our deleverage commitments, returning cash to shareholders currently planned via dividend increase in 2019 and strengthening our business through brand-led growth opportunities. Finally, I want to highlight our eighth year of recognition on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, reflecting not only our performance to index standards, but also a series of activities are aiding revenue and margins and ensuring to leave a positive Beer Print wherever we operate. So, with that context, I'll pass it over to Tracey.
Tracey I. Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you, Mark, and hello, everybody. Before I share consolidated and regional financial highlights, I'd like to remind you of the new revenue recognition accounting standard, which we will refer to as the revenue recognition for the remainder of the prepared remarks today. As outlined in our earnings release, this is expected to have no significant impact to net income for the full-year, but will cause some timing differences between quarters, impacting some year-over-year comparability for net sales and MG&A primarily in the U.S. and Canada this quarter. For example, revenue recognition positively impacted EPS by $0.02 this quarter and negatively impacted EPS by $0.04 on a year-to-date basis, but this timing difference is expected to partially reverse and result in a benefit of approximately $0.03 in the fourth quarter. I will speak first to the quarter on a consolidated and regional basis, then anticipated savings, and finally to our capital allocation plans. Turning to our performance for the quarter, as highlighted in our earnings release, net sales increased 2.5% in constant currency. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 0.4% in constant currency. Worldwide brand volume decreased 1%, and financial volume increased 0.8%. Global priority brand volume decreased 1.4%. Underlying EBITDA increased 11.1% on a constant-currency basis. And looking more closely at Q3, two specific positive performance drivers benefited EBITDA in the quarter. First, shipments to support ordering system implementations at our U.S. breweries as indicated and forecast in both our Q1 and Q2 calls. These shipments increased distributor inventory levels – sorry, inventory to levels at which they're expected to remain through the end of the year. This is in order to prepare for future implementations at our remaining breweries, which are expected to occur in 2019. And second, the amicable resolution of a dispute with a U.S. vendor. Financial highlights for the regions include the following: In the U.S., underlying EBITDA increased 10.2% versus last year, driven by higher STWs from an increase in distributor inventories, higher net pricing and lower MG&A expenses, partially offset by higher COGS, particularly aluminum and freight. Our top-line growth this quarter was driven by the planned increase in U.S. distributor inventories and NSR per hectoliter growth. In Europe, underlying EBITDA increased 5.8% on a constant currency basis driven by top-line results with both volume and NSR per hectoliter growth. Bottom-line results also benefited from strong cost management and more efficient marketing investments. As discussed in our prior calls this year, when modeling the results of Europe, remember that Q4 historically represents a small quarter for Europe and also faces the headwind of a low-single-digit negative-impacted quarter to NSR per hectoliter related to the adoption of recently-revised industry guidelines for calculating excise tax. Our Canada underlying EBITDA increased 3.5% on a constant-currency basis. The top line reflected a 1.4% decline in brand volume as a result of lower volumes in the west, partially offset by volume growth in Ontario and Québec. When excluding the effects of revenue recognition, NSR per hectoliter would have increased 1.6%. Regarding International, underlying EBITDA grew as the top line benefited from an increase in brand volume as all three focus brands Coors Light, MGD and Miller Lite generated growth. The bottom line also reflected gross profit expansion in addition to lower MG&A spending levels. Our earnings release provides full details on our (12:27) guidance, and I'll comment on three of those items here. To account for the heightened inflationary environment, especially in the U.S. as it relates to aluminum and freight costs, we will over-deliver on our cost-savings targets and cost-mitigation efforts in order to deliver on our cash flow commitments both for 2018 and 2019. We will update our actual 2017 to 2019 cost-savings targets and performance, as well as our next generation of cost savings for 2020 to 2022 in Q1 of 2019. However, as of now, with the additional cost saving initiatives in the U.S., as well as other cost savings initiatives, our 2017 to 2019 program will deliver approximately $700 million versus the $600 million to which we guided previously. We expect corporate net interest expense for 2018 to be near the low end of our $350 million plus or minus 10% guidance range. And we have lowered our expected underlying effective tax rate for 2018 to 17% to 19% from 18% to 22%. We still expect free cash flow to be $1.5 billion plus or minus 10% this year. As Mark said, we remain committed to our plan for raising agency leverage of 3.75 times by mid-2019. Our current dividend payments and our dividend intentions are unchanged versus what we communicated in June. As for business investment, we continue to use PACC to inform and guide all of our decisions, delivering total shareholder returns will be driven by a balanced approach to earning more, using less and investing wisely as we position our portfolio and company for long-term growth. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Mark to talk about our commercial excellence around the world.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Tracey. Earning more is one of the three platforms by which we drive PACC, and this pillar is built on commercial excellence. I'd like to give you some evidence of commercial excellence starting with our success premiumizing globally, then touching on how we're doing in our four business units. Across all of our markets, premiumization of our portfolio remains an important element of our strategy. And our above-premium brands grew 3.6% in the quarter, driven principally by Europe and International, bringing in their share of our total volume up to 21% of our portfolio from 20% last year. In the U.S., we believe we have the right strategy and commercial execution to drive improving performance in response to current top line challenges. Premium Light trends improved sequentially versus the first half driven especially by the strong performance from Miller Lite. Our plans are to continue gaining share of segment in the American light lager category with a bold competitive position of Miller Lite and reenergizing Coors Light as the world's most refreshing beer. The brand has just launched a new Blue Mountain cold beer digital campaign in October as part of our push to capture the attention of 21 to 34-year-old drinkers. Brian Rice, (15:39) who led the Miller Lite turnaround has recently become the leader of the Coors Trademark and family of brands. And above premium and craft, Peroni and Sol are posting the strongest percentage growth rates in their respective import segments, delivering highly profitable incremental cases to distributers and retailers. We'll build on the success from Sol with introduction of the best-selling Mexican ready to drink Chelada next year. Our regional craft brands continue to grow strongly and build their regional footprint. One of our regional craft brands, Saint Archer, will test a new lower calorie and lower carb craft lager, Saint Archer Gold early next year in four markets. In FMBs, our Q3 performance was an improvement sequentially reflecting growing contribution from Henry's Hard Sparkling, the only sugar free hard seltzer and Arnold Palmer Spiked. And we're also excited about the introduction of Cape Line next year, a new line of low calorie FMBs to be supported by national advertising. Finally, in terms of customer excellence, our U.S. sales teams were recognized as the number one chains team in the most recent Advantage group survey amongst all branded beverages. And this is a real testament to driving our First Choice for customer agenda. In Europe, core brands grew and our above premium brands grew at high single digits rates in the quarter. For example, global brands Coors light, MGD and Blue Moon, collectively, grew double digits in the quarter and Staropramen is nearing two million hectoliters in markets outside of its home Czech market. We believe we have the right strategy in Europe defending our share of national champion brands, while premiumizing our portfolio and driving profitability through innovation and added strength for our global brands and our superior execution. In Canada, our commercial performance improved sequentially. We simplified our value segment offerings with the Pilsner and Black Label brands, and lifted and shifted the Miller High Life brand into Canada, gaining additional segment share. We saw sequentially improving segment share for Coors Light and we're driving category development in the nonalcohol segment through Coors Edge, our newest nonalcoholic offering along with our partner brand Heineken 0.0, which are both performing very strongly in their first year in market. And we're investing wisely, expecting future operating efficiencies through a new highly efficient brewery in British Columbia, which remains on track for brewing in 2019, and a new brewery in Québec which had its groundbreaking ceremony earlier this month. Our International business is expected to continue to contribute meaningful volume and profitability to the company, with our commercial efforts centered on focus brands and focused markets. Two of these high-potential focus markets include Mexico, with our shift to local production reflecting increased profitability, and Paraguay, growing significantly this quarter with MGD now the top brand in the premium segment. We remain focused on delivering underlying constant-currency EBITDA of $20 million to $25 million this year in our International business. Across Molson Coors, we're overdelivering on our synergy and cost savings program to counter higher than anticipated commodity inflation and maintain our deleverage commitment and dividend plan. Coming back to PACC and our efforts to drive shareholder value, we're pleased to be deleveraging at the pace we are and look forward to upping our cash returns to shareholders next year, while taking a more balanced approach to capital allocation. So with that summary, remember, our prepared remarks and slides will be on our website for your reference later this afternoon. Mark and Kevin will be available via telephone or email to assist with any additional questions. Chad, at this stage we'd like to open it up for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster. The first question will come from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thank you very much. A question for Mark Hunter. In your opening comments, I believe, you, kind of, put out a little bit of a tantalizing teaser, if you will, saying that you think that Truss, your joint venture in cannabis, can get meaningful – if I got it right – meaningful market share in the recreational market starting in 2019. I was wondering if you could go into that in a little bit more detail in terms of, kind of, your reasons to believe and what you think – what percentage of the Canadian market on the recreational side you think will likely go into beverages and your strategy for that.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hey, Robert. Thanks for the question. I wasn't trying to be tantalizing. I was just trying to be very straightforward, so let me cover that. I mean, we decided as a business that we did not want to be a spectator as this new market opened up. And we clearly wanted to be a participant. We think we've got a very balanced and thoughtful approach with our partnership with HEXO to create Truss. And clearly, there are lots of numbers which are being bandied around with regard to the potential size of the cannabis market in Canada. I think, if you take an average, then it suggests that this market may be somewhere between $7 billion and $10 billion in market value, with beverages somewhere between 20% and 30%. And that's obviously nonalcoholic cannabis-infused beverages. Even if you take the low end of that estimate, then it suggests that the beverages segment could be circa $1.5 billion of value. If you look at the strength of our go-to-market in Canada, if you look at our understanding of Canadian consumers and our understanding of brand-building in Canada and the capability that we have through our partner in HEXO, we believe that we're well-placed to be ready to take a meaningful share of that segment when it's legislated for and opens up in the fall of 2019. We have our CEO in place. That team is being built. We're already in research around the portfolio and the beverages that will be offered, and we will be able to share those with you as we get into the early part of 2019. But we'll be in a ready-to-go position and one of the first on the playing field as that market opens up.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: And just to get to that point that you're talking about, meaningful share, whatever that is – and I know you can't put a number to that. But can you give us a sense of how much incremental investment you may have to do to get to that point?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, I mean, we haven't gone into detail on that, Robert, as the capitalization of the JV is within our current capital guidance, so this is going to be a lean business that will lean on the partnership that we have with HEXO and the knowledge that we have from a route-to-market basis. Now, clearly, we'll be in start-up mode from now through to the fall of 2019, so we'll be building the business. And as we currently are doing testing around the shape of the portfolio, we'll then be into revenue generation from the fall of 2019 and then into 2020 and beyond. So, I think as that team is in place, we'll be able to share more of that detail with you as we get through the early part of 2019.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: But just in terms of ballpark, would it be fair to say we're talking tens of millions rather than hundreds of millions?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: In terms of investment?
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: In terms of incremental investment, yes.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: It would be on the tens, not the hundreds for sure.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: Next question will be from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Hi, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hey, Judy.
Tracey I. Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Judy.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, it's nice to see continued focus on cost savings and driving the margin expansion. I guess, just into context of U.S. STR being still down 4% year-to-date, Mark, I know in the prepared comments you talked about turning around Coors Light as one of the key priorities, but it seems like the brand is actually getting a bit worse in the scan channel. So, just give us kind of your roadmap of what you really think you need to do on Coors Light. And maybe even thinking about sort of a broader revamping of the portfolio strategy as you kind of look at your Light brands. I mean, why not just focus on Miller Lite? That seems to be doing much better and just put more resources behind that brand.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Judy. There was a lot in your question and I'll pass over to Gavin shortly. I mean, one of the things we've tried to do Judy as we've come through this year is use the case study of how we reshaped our UK portfolio over a period of time. It was a very Carling-centric portfolio. Carling is still our biggest brand, but we have dramatically changed the shape and the premium nature or above premium nature of that portfolio. And that's really the path that we're on in the U.S., so it's always the (25:35), which is we have to defend resolutely our big positions in Miller Lite and Coors Light, while at the same time continuing to reshape the portfolio and drive in above premium direction. That's the path we're on and the plan that's in place. The notion of choosing Miller Lite over Coors Light or vice versa is not something we contemplate. If you go back to the end of 2016 and early 2017, both brands were taking share of Premium Light segment very consistently. Both brands were declining low-single digits. And we're feeling very, very good about that as part of our kind of growth algorithm for the U.S. business. The last three or four quarters have been disappointed for Coors Light, and in simple terms our work has been good and actually good is not good enough for Coors Light. The work needs to be world-class, and that's what the team are focused on delivering as we leave 2018 and go into 2019. The positioning of both Coors Light and Miller Lite is still highly relevant to today's drinkers. We've demonstrated that we can dramatize that very effectively on Miller Lite. And interestingly, if you look at our STRs for Q3 versus the first half of this year, our STRs in the third quarter were sequentially better by about 100 basis points from the first half of this year. So, we clearly still have got work to do, but we're very clear about what that work is and we're on it. Gavin, I maybe went into a bit too much detail there, but anything you would add to that?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Not a lot I can add to that, Mark. I think you answered the question perfectly. The only thing I might add is to say that Coors Light is the second largest brand in the United States and we think it and Miller Lite (27:14) Premium Light, and certainly have no intention of giving up on Coors Light.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, Gavin, if I could just follow-up on the inventory levels now, so I know this is something you talked about in the first half in terms of building inventory ahead of the implementation of the new ordering system. So, at these levels now, we're kind of the level where you feel pretty satisfied with, and if you kind of look out to the fourth quarter, should we think about STR and STW pretty much being in line? Or should we still see shipments outperforming STR in the fourth quarter?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: I think you're reading it exactly right, Judy. We've got the shipment, inventories to where we want them to be and I wouldn't anticipate inventories growing any further in the fourth quarter.
Operator: The next question will come from Amit Sharma with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Amit.
Tracey I. Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Amit.
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Tracey, thanks for clarifying the revenue recognition impact in 3Q and 4Q. Can you also give us a little bit clarity on the gross margin reversal from inventory build? How much was realized in third quarter and how much is still to be realized in the fourth quarter?
Tracey I. Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, Amit. So, just in terms of revenue, I'd just also let you know that there is a table in our filings with more detail, if you do want to just refer to that as well. It is laid out quite nicely. In terms of the reversal, so as we said in Q1 and Q2, our STWs were under the STRs for a number of reasons including the issues that we were facing with the Golden go live. The majority of that has now reversed in Q3. We did say that we thought it would reverse in the back half, but it has reversed in Q3 and to Gavin's earlier point, the inventory levels are now at a satisfactory level. We don't expect to build any further inventory in the fourth quarter. So, hopefully that's helpful.
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States): That definitely is. And then, Mark, can you just if you look at the press release, it looks like the COGS inflation in the U.S. moderated a little bit from Q2. Are we seeing near peak levels from a COGS inflation pressure? And then just related to that, on pricing how much of the pricing is currently reflected and how much is still to be realized as you roll through pricing in the U.S.?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, well, let me pick up COGS, and then Gavin if you just want to talk about where we are on the pricing cycle. I mean, if you look at COGS across our business, in International, Europe and Canada, we expect COGS to grow back in the low single digits. We still expect the U.S. to be mid-single digits. So I think the inflation pressure that we have got that we've been seeing is already baked into our guidance around COGS. Clearly the unknowns as we go into 2019 and we will be able to guide on this as we get to the early part of 2019, it's just outlook on aluminum and freight. That's still certainly in freight moving around a little bit at the moment. But I think, the guidance we've given you feels solid at this stage on COGS. Gavin, do you want to talk on the pricing environment?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Mark. But I'll just add one thing to the U.S. COGS, specifically. Remember, Amit, that we under-shipped quite meaningfully in the first half of the year and we over-shipped in the third quarter to get inventories back to where they were, and so this was quite a big deleverage swing between the two. That would be the biggest driver between COGS in the first half and the third quarter in the U.S. From a pricing environment point of view, we are right in the middle of our price increase cycle, and obviously we will assess over the next month or so how those price increases hold. From a third quarter point of view, we generated 1.3% NSR per hectoliter increase, with a front-line of about 1.8% and a mix of about 60 basis points, which was negative, but sequentially improved over both the first quarter number of 90 basis points negative and the second quarter number of 80 basis points negative.
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Gavin, just a clarification on that. So the list price increases in the marketplace already across the entire portfolio?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: No, not across the entire portfolio, and not across the entire country. We do it on a market-by-market, brand-by-brand basis. I would say to you though the majority of our price increases are taken in the fall though. We do have some markets that take in the spring, but most of it is in the fall.
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question will come from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey. Thanks. Maybe just a couple of cleanups to start on the quarter. You called out a benefit to MG&A this quarter resulting from the amicable resolution of the vendor dispute. Perhaps this will be in the Q, but I was wondering if you can just quantify that benefit? And then on the incremental cost savings that you announced, are these – should we view these as newly identified structural savings or will they be better described more as belt tightening measures that may drift back into the business assuming category headwinds moderate?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, so in terms of the MG&A benefit, Stephen, that's subject to confidential agreement. So, we can't talk in any more detail other than what we've already disclosed. And I'm afraid you'll just have to go with us on that one because of the nature of our agreement. That agreement is not with an ongoing supplier, so it doesn't affect any of our ongoing supply relationships. In terms of the cost savings, as we came through Q1 and Q2, we talked about our desire to do two things. One was to drive further cost avoidance through 2018 to counter that inflation, and also to continue to drive our cost reduction program. Cost avoidance is one-off in nature because it's basically postponement of costs from one year to the other. Cost reduction is absolute structural reduction in our business, and what we've talked through today with an increase from $600 million to $700 million is a structural reduction in the cost base of our business.
Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's great. Thank you. And then as I – I know it's early to talk about 2019, but just given that you've got this plan out there to achieve 3.7 times leverage by middle of next year, I was hoping if you could talk a little bit to us about the pathway from here to there in terms of the dynamic of STWs versus STRs over that timeframe. Because there's a lot of moving parts, especially in the U.S. when you factor in the building of inventories ahead of system implementations now that might unwind in early 2019, offset by the fact that we're cycling Golden and the adverse shipment timing of 2018 next year. So I don't know if this is a question for Mark or for you, Gavin, but just any help you could provide in terms of do you expect a net favorable STW versus STR shipment timing dynamic over the pathway to mid-2019? Is it more net neutral? Or is there a reason to believe that it's actually a headwind? Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Steven, to be fair, I mean, I wouldn't connect the two. I mean, our STW to STR, kind of, flight path is very much in line with what we've already tried to do in the U.S., which is to ship to demand. Clearly, there's volatility because we have multiple go-lives across our brewery network. And the intention is to be through those around the middle of next year. So both Gavin and Tracey have talked about for the balance of this year we don't expect to see any further STW builds. I would disconnect that from our total deleverage plan. That's based and driven by the strength of our free cash flow. We're very clear about the debt obligations we have for pay-down in the first couple of quarters of next year. All of that's factored into the commitment that we gave from earlier this year. And I think the encouraging thing is, assuming that we hit those commitments which we intend to do, and as we get into the second half of next year and then into 2020, even with the planned dividend increase, we still then have further flexibility in terms of our cash-use approach. And that could be further deleveraged. It can be further returning cash to shareholders beyond the dividend. And it could be brand-led growth opportunities. So we get much more back to, I would describe as, business-as-usual as we get into the second half of 2019 and then into 2020.
Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah.
Operator: The next question will be from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Couple of questions. I guess, first just to follow-up from Robert Ottenstein's question at the beginning of the call. He was talking – he was asking about investment, and I was, kind of, not clear what it was, we were talking about capital or P&L investment. So just one question is, to the extent that there's some investment behind the cannabis and cannabis products in Canada, is there – will there be any potential meaningful P&L implication that we might have to think about as we're looking into 2019 and 2020?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Let me pick that up, Bryan. So in terms of the capitalization of the JV, all of that's already in our current cash-use forecast. And so we'll do that within our current kind of envelope of available cash. And from an OpEx perspective, then clearly there will be some start-up OpEx as we put people in place. We've announced Brett in role as the leader of that business. He's recruiting a team. This isn't going to be a massive team. It's going to be a small, lean, fit-for-purpose team that will be working on utilizing both the HEXO route to market and the Molson Coors knowledge and route to market where appropriate. So there'll be some OpEx as we build up that team, and then obviously we get into revenue generation really from the fourth quarter of next year and into 2020. So there could be a little bit of a headwind from an OpEx perspective as we build the team, and we'll manage that in the context of our total Canadian P&L.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. And then second question just related to – for Gavin, I guess – related to Coors Light in the U.S. I guess, again, as we're trying to just think about a path to rebuilding momentum, to the extent that you – how quickly do you think – do you expect that you're – you will have the right ad copy, the right positioning, the right marketing to really be able to kind of put your foot back on the gas behind that brand? Is that middle of next year? Do you expect to hit the gate – hit the ground running at the beginning of the year? Just trying to understand how long it's going to take before we feel – where you expect that you'll be able to kind of go full throttle behind that brand again.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Gavin, do you want to pick that up?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Surely. Look, Bryan, I don't – I don't – I'm not going to put a timeline on it, right? But I will tell you we're moving quickly to stabilize the trends of Coors Light and get it back onto a solid footing and we've started that. Brand's at its best when it's laser focused on its messaging and makes it absolutely clear what makes Coors Light different than the competition. We think we focused too much on Rocky Mountain lifestyle and not enough on what makes Coors Light unique as the world's most refreshing beer. And we've just launched a new digital campaign which is going to be a push to capture the attention of the younger 21 to 34-year-old drinkers. I mean, we think we have a whole generation of drinkers that don't know about our cold activated packaging and we want to give them reasons to believe and understand that Coors Light is the world's most refreshing beer. So we're not waiting till next year. We've already started that process. I'm not going to call it victory by any manner or means, but the last two four-week reads on Coors Light has it stabilized and flat from a segment share in Premium Lights. So you're going to see a lot of work rolling out. Started a couple of weeks ago and you're going to see it continue through next year where we – where we bring this whole graphic expression to life.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Bryan.
Tracey I. Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Our next question will be from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hello?
Operator: Please go ahead, Andrea.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Yes, sorry. Sorry for that. So I was hoping you can elaborate – sorry – more on the cost reduction. I understand the $100 million increase is more sustainable cost reduction, but I was hoping to see how much – what was the positive surprise from the initial guidance of $600 million. And I recognize that you don't want to update your annual guidance at this stage, but could you provide some color on the addition $100 million has been realized year-to-date and perhaps where you're pulling from the next 2020 to 2022? And as a follow-up on the previous question, on the cost avoidance, is there anything that we should be aware of? I mean, you – Mark, you said that potentially that's going to come back in 2019. So I was hoping to see if that's part of the Coors Light kind of repositioning. What should we – what should we be looking at this cost avoidance going into 2019? Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Let me try and kind of unpack. I mean, I'll ask Tracey to talk in a little bit of detail. But just as context, remember where we are. So we're in the middle of our three-year cost reduction program. If you remember, that started with guidance around $550 million that we moved to $600 million and we've now increased to $700 million. So that's the three-year program that runs 2017 to 2019. So not only are we on track, but the total scale of that cost reduction, so integration synergies and cost reduction combined, has now been stepped up further. We'll talk to you about 2020 to 2022 and the next generation cost savings when we get on our call in February of 2019. So that's the headline. So just remember that there's one program in flight. We've scaled that up and those are structural, additional cost reductions. There will then be a new program which will capture things like the new breweries in Canada, et cetera, and our ongoing cost reduction programs and more of that to follow in the early part of next year. Tracey?
Tracey I. Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, so, Andrea, hi. Just in terms of your comment around the positive surprise, so it actually wasn't a surprise. I mean, this was planned and as we hit it into this year and continued to see the inflationary environment that we were facing, particularly around aluminum and freight, it was necessary for us to accelerate some cost savings, as well as action more cost savings to mitigate against that inflation and also make sure that we are protecting the investment behind our brand. So the majority of the incremental $100 million is coming from the U.S. restructuring, which we made public in the last quarter. And, again, the majority of that, because that restructuring has just taken place and is still taking place, the majority of that cost savings of $100 million incremental will take place in 2019, but we're not giving specific guidance for 2018. But based on the timing of the restructure, you can build the majority of that for next year.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And there was Steve's question about the cost avoidance. Is there any color you can give us? What was postponed for 2019 that we should be aware?
Tracey I. Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: So, I mean, when we talk about cost avoidance, as Mark said earlier, it's really a one-time benefit. So, the types of things that go into cost avoidance would be, for example, if we got any vacancies in the business, we just don't fill those for a while or we may cut back on certain travel, et cetera, but we don't specifically call that out in any of the guidance that we give. And in terms of 2019, as Mark said, we'll update you with that on our Q4 call early in 2019.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's fair. Thank you, Tracey. Thank you, Mark.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you.
Tracey I. Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Andrea.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you. Good morning.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Lauren.
Tracey I. Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hello, Lauren.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I was hoping you could – hey. Just to talk a little bit more about some of the recent updates and changes to the organization in the U.S. So, it was sort of clear to me that some of the cost savings was going to have to come from this restructuring, but I was curious about more functionally the changes that you've made, the new management positions you've – management positions, you've made some changes to, just help us understand a little bit the rationale, what you hope you can do better going forward because of this new org structure and what it really sort of looks like, what's different going forward than maybe was the case let's call it a year ago.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay, Lauren. The challenge for Gavin and the team is to make sure and this is true across all of our businesses that we're constantly looking at how we can be fit for future. So, just looking at inflationary environment, growth opportunities and ensuring we've got the right capability. And there are lots of examples across our business where, for example, we've introduced the enterprise growth team because we know that we want to change the trajectory of the business over the medium term and that team have been chasing down the opportunity in cannabis, the opportunity in brewed beverages, with things like Clearly Kombucha and securing partnerships on things like Sol and Arnold Palmer. So, there we've actually put some incremental heads into our business, because we know that we've got to disrupt some of the trajectory that we've seen from a top line perspective, and that's starting to pick up traction now. And then, each of our businesses then we got to make sure that relative to the inflationary environment we're seeing and the growth in the business that we are as lean as possible. And that was a context against which Gavin and the team led the reorg. So, Gavin, do you want to just talk about where that's panning out without getting lost in too much of the detail?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Well, I mean, we're largely through it, Mark. And we do have some folks that will be with us for the next few months, but the program is largely complete. I think, Lauren, we didn't do a blanket cut across the organization. We looked at every function, and we made changes that we believed were appropriate. We've been very clear about what we want to focus on and what work we're not going to do. We tried to make sure that our commercial front-facing side of the business was limited in its impact. That doesn't mean there was no impact because there was, but it was limited in terms of how our distributors see us going to the market. I think the new structure is going to allow us to be much more disciplined. It's going to make us – it's going to allow us to make decisions much more quickly, much more nimbly going forward. As Tracey says, most of the benefit will come next year. I mean, there will be some in the fourth quarter, but most of it will come next year.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then I also was curious if you could talk a little bit about Canada. So, STR has improved. I think it's the third quarter in a row and underlying sales up strong. Can you just talk about – and then, Mark, this has historically been a little bit choppy. So, can you just talk about what change that you feel like is – whether this is sustainable and particularly as it relates to kind of Coors Light and then the balance between Premium and Economy brands?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. So I'll ask Fred to talk to some of the specifics, but the headline here is that we did commit to turn our Canadian business around from a profit performance, and I'm encouraged that we're really starting to see some of the improvements, that we're seeing consistent sequential improvement in the business both top to bottom line, and we feel that we've got with some of the portfolio additions that we've made in the last 12 to 18 months, definitely the right portfolio to compete. But, Fred, do you want to just give a little bit more color on Canada, on the priorities that you've laid out under your leadership for the business?
Frederic Landtmeters - Molson Coors Canada, Inc.: Sure. So from a portfolio perspective, we have always said we would focus on three priorities in different segments. So, first of all, in the economy segments, we said we would simplify the portfolio, we would launch Miller High Life. That actually has really generated earlier results and continuing to do so. So we're seeing strong segment share growth and also category share growth in that segment. And to your question earlier on, yes, I do think that's sustainable and that's definitely what we're focused on going forward. From a Coors Light and premium segment perspective, we're noting a few quarters of sequential segment share improvements. Share in the segment is still negative, but just to give you a sense of magnitude, we have now got a couple of quarters where we have halved the share decline compared to where we were earlier or in the beginning of the year. In the above premium and craft segments, Heineken is growing nicely. So absolute – so segment share growth but also absolute volume growth. Belgian Moon which is our national focus from a craft perspective is continuing to grow double digits. So while I do see opportunities to continue to improve and accelerate the growth especially in the premium and above premium part of the portfolio, we are pleased with the results we're currently seeing.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will be from Kevin Grundy with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Question with respect to MG&A in your U.S. business. So a couple strong quarters in a row now, down mid-single digits, and I'm adjusting in the third quarter here for the resolution of the vendor dispute. So a couple questions. One, can you share whether advertising was also down at a similar level, that being mid-single digits in the quarter? And if so, is that the appropriate level given some of the top line headwinds? And then, Tracey, maybe talk a little bit about just the sustainability of this level of decline given fixed cost inflation, given the need to invest behind the business. So as we think about Q4 and we think about next year, is this the case where 2Q, 3Q down this level was particularly strong and we should be thinking about more moderate levels of declines in MG&A?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Kevin, it's Mark here. I mean, let me give you a bit of context. And we don't break out M from G&A. But if you just look at the third quarter and remove the impact of revenue recognition, our total marketing investment was down low single digits. So we still invested well over $400 million across our organization in support of our brand equity building. And some of that is because we continue to try and drive our spend per hectoliters consistent so volumes are down. We try and maintain our spend per hectoliter, but take into account any, kind of, volume reductions. And we continue to see the benefit of some of our procurement savings across our whole marketing group and the benefit of ROMI, where we're driving more efficient utilization of our marketing dollars. But just to give you a sense of magnitude, we still invested well over $400 million in marketing and that was down very low single digits year-on-year. I think, your broader point about cost reductions and marketing spend, I mean, that's a live conversation in our business. We try and flex (52:29) that as we go through the year and we've demonstrated our ability to flex that (52:32) Tracey, anything you'd add?
Tracey I. Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, what I would add is, and I think we state this cost savings is just a way of life at Molson Coors. We continue to look for efficiencies. Part of our cost savings programs that we have spoken about for 2019 as well, includes items such as IT consolidation as well as our global business services center in Romania and the regional one that we have opened in Milwaukee. So that will continue to generate cost savings. And as we ramp up those initiatives, we'll just continue to look at effectiveness and efficiencies of all of our G&A areas.
Kevin Grundy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks for that. If I could squeeze in one more. Mark, this one would be for you. So some of the Nielsen trends in October suggest some slowing broadly in the U.S. beer category. Do you care to comment if that's what you're seeing in your portfolio as well? There might be some hurricane impact in there. If so, why do you think that's the case? And then looking out beyond just sort of October, there was an ambition to get back to flat volume growth this year. Is that a reasonable ambition longer term? If so, would you care to frame the potential timeline to achieve that? Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. So, Kevin, just as a reminder, I mean, we stopped talking about short-term for weekly sales numbers because it was just proving to – to be honest, just to be a distraction. And there's always so much volatility in any four-week period, as you say, whether it's hurricanes or weather or other bits and pieces. I would remind you as well the scanner data only covers about 40% of the U.S. beer industry. So it's indicative, but it does not by any stretch of the imagination give a complete picture and that's why you quite often see a disconnect between our STRs, which are real, and scan data which is part of the marketplace. So I'd just ask you to bear that in mind, but I'm not in a position to comment on October specifically. I think with regard to your broader point, Gavin and I have been very consistent that with the aspiration that was in place since really 2015 within the U.S. business of back to flattened growth has proven to be more challenging as the industry has been softer and Coors Light performance hasn't helped. So we've been clear as we've come through this year that the aspiration to stabilize the business from a volume perspective is still strategically very important to us, but we've got to do this in a way which allows us to continue to maintain the strength of our P&L. Job number one is to improve our share performance and get back to a position where we're actually holding our share of the U.S. beer industry. And while we do that, continue to premiumize the portfolio. So those, for the foreseeable future, are the two priorities. When we tick those boxes, and particularly holding our share, then we can start to talk about a timeline for getting to flat volume. But we'll stay very focused on improving our share trajectory and premiumizing the portfolio, certainly, as we go into 2019 and probably into 2020 as well.
Operator: The next question will be from Laurent Grandet with Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Laurent Grandet - Guggenheim Partners: Yes. Good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Good morning.
Laurent Grandet - Guggenheim Partners: Hey. And just building on the previous question, so I know you are not providing sales guidance anymore, but as by your calculation, 1% volume drop is worth about $60 million of hit to your free cash flow. I mean, it is important for us I mean to get some directions in the U.S. and Canada, for example, where sales has been soft for quite some time. What are you planning for the beer and SMB (56:08) categories of share gains? And more specifically, it was long awaited, I mean, having a Mexican beer in your portfolio. It looks like Sol had been slow in terms of gaining ACV. I mean, I know (56:24) is partially right, but I mean you only get 23% ACV just almost for nine months where actually your major competitor reached above 80% (56:37) in six months. So could you please give us a bit more kind of granularity into the direction of where we should be thinking about sales growth or sales, and Sol specifically? Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: So, Laurent, on your first point, rather than get into a discussion on the call, can I suggest you take that up with Mark and Kevin afterwards? Because I'm not sure your math actually makes sense. So I think it's probably best to do that on a one-on-one and just get into the detail there, so we can understand how you arrived at that number. But in terms of a deleverage in our free cash flow, we again have reiterated our guidance there. And as an executive team, we're very clear on our requirement to and our commitment to deliver on that free cash flow number. And we've done this consistently in our business over the last multiple number of years. So even when volumes have been stronger or volumes have been weaker, we have a great ability to drive the cash flow generating ability of our business. So, I mean, that's all I would say on that. We know where we want to be in deleverage, we know the cash requirements and we are going to deliver on that. On Sol, Gavin, why don't you pick up on Sol and just the progress that's been made as the team have repositioned that and the strength of the brand at retail?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Mark. Look, I mean, we're actually very pleased with the performance of Sol. We have only had the brand for – I mean we've had it for less than a year, and we've only been marketing behind it for six months. We've grown tremendous distribution in chain. Our chain team has done a fantastic job of building distribution, which just wasn't there before. We've got triple-digit growth in volume, and that's in the face of taking quite a substantial price increase on Sol. And revenue is growing at about 300% per Nielsen, volume is growing at about 200%. So we think we've got off to a really good start, and we think the brand's got great potential based on its provenance, its heritage, and its positioning. We brought a lot of investments and focus to the brand this year. We intend to step it up next year. We're going to have PACC extensions, and we're going to introduce the Sol (58:47). So we think the upside for this brand is strong, and we're very pleased with the start.
Laurent Grandet - Guggenheim Partners: Yes. And just on your comment on Nielsen. I mean, is it right to think that, I mean the ACV number is in the 23%, 25% range?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yep. That will be about right, yes.
Laurent Grandet - Guggenheim Partners: Okay. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Laurent.
Operator: The next question will be from Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Please go ahead.
Pablo Zuanic - SIG: Thank you. Just one question for Gavin. Gavin, I want to, I guess, challenge a little bit the notion that the problem with Coors Light, it is really just about the brand message. I would argue that the Bud Light message hasn't necessarily improved much. And Miller Lite has a consistent advertising message, but I can't say it's so differentiated either. So if we explore that, can you talk about, for example, does Coors Light and Miller Lite, how differently are they managed internally, whether in terms of spending, whether in terms of salespeople? Obviously, there is overlap to some extent on the distribution side, but it would help to understand that better. Or is it about a competitive issue? These brands, although they are national, they do have big differences in terms of regional coverage. Is Coors Light more exposed to the growth of craft than Miller Lite? I mean it just seems to me that the big gap in performance within one brand and the other, I wonder if it's just about the brand message? And the last question related to all that topic, if it's true that it's still a regional brand and I understand the industry is saturated to some extent, does Coors Light still have ACV opportunities, whether on-premise or off-premise? Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Gavin, do you want to get into that? It's going to be challenging to cover all of the questions.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, there were a lot of points in there, Mark. But let me just try and give it a quick bash, right? So from a marketing point of view, we do have two separate teams. There's a Coors family of brand team, and a Miller family of brand team. We put a substantial amount of marketing and sales money behind both of those brands. And Mark, gave you some kind of insights into the third quarter numbers. So both of those brands get large investment. We have found where brand propositions are sharp and they're differentiated, they succeed. And I think you can say that Miller Lite has clearly succeeded in that. And where some of our brands have struggled, you'll see that the brand propositions are either soft or they're not communicated well. And we think that that's the challenge that Coors Light has faced. There's no doubt that the American light lagers are facing a number of different challenges, but frankly, Pablo, the American consumer, it still represents more than 40% of beer sold in the United States. And that percentage doesn't even include other satiable (1:01:56) lagers like the Mexican imports that are similar in style. So we think that there's a lot of volume out there for us. We think by sharpening up and focusing on Coors Light, that we can turn this brand around and perform at the same level as Miller Lite, if not better. And that's our job, and that's what we're focused on.
Pablo Zuanic - SIG: Okay.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Gavin, the other thing I would add to that, I mean, let's say (1:02:21) if you go back to Q1 2017, so if you go back four or five quarters, both Coors Light and Miller Lite were performing at down kind of 1%, 1.5%, so. And that was very consistent right through 2016. The Coors Light dramatization of its positioning was changed at that point, and it hasn't had the impact that we anticipated. We were looking to actually accelerate the performance, and we've seen a deceleration. So we have to put our hands up and say that work wasn't good enough, and we think we know why, and changes are currently being made and we'll be hitting the ground running as we go into 2019 on that. But we've been there before, Pablo, and we've made it work and we believe that we can continue to make it work. And I think as the U.S. consumer continues to look for what we call active lifestyle brands, Miller Lite is the original active lifestyle brand. That's what it was built on when it was first launched, and it's been a big part of what Coors Light stands for as well. And we believe that there is a very real and significant role for these brands and consumer repertoires. But the job of our marketing team is to get the dramatization of our positioning compelling and motivating, and it's not been good enough and we have to fix it.
Operator: The next question will come from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Hey, guys. Quick one for me on the U.S., and we have seen main stream beers decelerate over the last 18 months. So I was wondering if you could share with us what insights you have into where those consumers are going? And, I guess, a couple of points on that is, is it a brand-specific issue? Is it a bigger segment issue? And then if that deceleration in trend is actually occurring, does it mandate a more dramatic change for Molson Coors with respect to your strategy on portfolio transformation? Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Brett. Let me start with your last point first, and then, Gavin do you want to just talk about trends in the U.S.? I mean we've laid out a very clear strategy about – and in simple terms, it's about really defending the segment share that we have of our large core or national champion brands. We are doing that very successfully in many, many markets around the world, while at the same time premiumizing our portfolio. I think as I mentioned earlier that we want to accelerate the pace at which we premiumize the portfolio in the U.S. We've made a couple of significant moves in the last 12 months with our introduction into the tea segment and our introduction into the Mexican import segment. I mean, Gavin and I and our team continue to look for further opportunities to strengthen that above premium portfolio. We feel we've got currently a great suite of brands and we're seeing very strong growth across a number of those above premium brands. So, I think the strategy is clear. The pace at which we execute and how we can accelerate that strategy is really the question as opposed to whether there's a different strategy required. And where we've deployed that successfully in the UK and more broadly in Europe is really paying dividends for us, which is why Simon never gets any questions on these calls, because it's working so well. But, Gavin, do you want to talk more specifically about some of the trends around mainstream brands in the U.S.?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: From an industry point of view, Brett, obviously we saw continued share growth in above premium, and that was led by super premium imports and FMBs with sparkling seltzers, in particular seeing the greatest acceleration in share growth, and that's behind the whole hard seltzer category. Craft share held pretty flat to the second quarter, and as you know, it's been declining for – or its growth has been declining for quite some time. And the industry premium large and economy segments, those losses accelerated compared to the previous quarter. And premium regular remained fairly similar. So from an overall perspective, that's where the industry is, and I think Mark touched quite nicely on the strong offerings which we have got to tackle those challenges. I think the only one you didn't mention, Mark, was Peroni, which is the fastest growing European import at the moment. And we're going to invest meaningfully behind that brand next year with its first national advertising campaign.
Operator: The final question on our call today is a follow-up question, and that's from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thank you. I was wondering if you could kind of address a little bit here, the strategy on the economy brands. There's been a bit of give and take in terms of what you did with Keystone and then your major competitor came back, and I'm just wondering if kind of in retrospect whether you would have made those moves on Keystone again? It just seems a little bit of – I don't want to say race to the bottom, but I'm not sure how additive it is at the end of the day. So love to get your perspective on economy brand strategy.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Do you want to take that, Mark?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, so, I mean, Robert, there's a huge role for economy brands. I mean, they've got a tremendously loyal consumer base. The consumers want to see value and we think we've got great brands in this segment. And would we do the Keystone again? Of course, we would. It's been enormously successful for us and we're very pleased with its performance. And, of course, we anticipated and expected our largest competitor to react to that, and they did. And they have gained some market share in the more-recent Nielsen reads, but we're very pleased with Keystone. We're pleased with Miller High Life and our marketing will continue to focus on the quality of that beer and the glass bottle and unique heritage. Hamm's has been around for almost 150 years and that repositioning has worked well and then of course we've got the Steel Reserve Alloy Series, which provides tremendous value for our retailers and for our distributors. And we're growing quite nicely there and have fended off the competitive challenges that have come in that space. So, yes. I think I would do most of it again. Obviously, we made some missteps with Milwaukee's Best and Icehouse and we fixed those during the course of this year and we will see the benefit of that going forward into next year.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: And is the – to just kind of to follow up on that, is the price gap between economy and mainstream where it needs to be in your view? And also, vis-à-vis kind of the lower-priced spirits that have taken share in previous years?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, a few questions there. I mean, obviously, that's a fairly-broad generalization, Robert. So, the answer is yes and no. In many parts of the market, it is; and in some parts of the market, it isn't. We, obviously, evaluate the impacts of our decisions on other segments of the portfolio, and I would tell you we continue to gain segment share in premium light. So, we keep a very close watch on it.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Hunter for any closing remarks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Chad, and thanks, everybody, for your questions and your interest in our company. I thought it would be useful at this stage just to give you a couple of headlines because we've just hit the second anniversary of the close of the MillerCoors acquisition. So, it's really two years since we almost doubled the size of our company from both an EBITDA and a free cash flow perspective, and I just want to reiterate the commitments we made and the progress we're making against that. So we remain clearly very committed to deleveraging and strengthening our balance sheet, and we're making very good progress against that commitment. We're overdelivering on our synergy and cost savings commitment, and that's against a tougher inflationary environment. We remain committed to our medium-term EBITDA margin guidance, and we're committed to revisit our dividend policy once deleverage is well-underway and we have done this. And in the context of our commercial performance, we're committed to make MCI a meaningful EBITDA contributor, and we're doing this. We're committed to turn MCC, it's our Canadian business, around from a profit performance, and we're starting to see improvement stick. And we're committed to maintain the momentum in our Europe business, and we're doing this. We're also committed to improve the commercial performance of the U.S. business, and this is still work-in progress. We've seen good progress in the value segment, good progress in Miller Lite, encouraging progress with our above premium innovations, but we're still dissatisfied on Coors Light and the pace of premiumization, and I expect to see those things improve and accelerate as we go into 2019. And we also committed through our enterprise growth team to broaden the revenue growth drivers for MCBC and we're doing this through, for example, our cannabis JV with Truss and our entry into brewed beverages with, for example, Clearly Kombucha. The two years on, I'm pleased with progress of our business and I'm excited about the work we still have ahead of us. So, I thought it would be good just to kind of summarize on our second anniversary virtually of that closing the MillerCoors transaction, about the progress within our business, and really appreciate your interest in our company and look forward to the follow ups that Mark and Gavin will pick up with you through the balance of the day. But thanks everybody, and look forward to catching up with you in due course.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Frederic Landtmeters - Molson Coors Canada, Inc.
Analysts: Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Gerald Pascarelli - Cowen & Co. LLC Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Pablo Zuanic - SIG Tristan van Strien - Redburn (Europe) Ltd. Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today. So please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time-to-time by the company's executives discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website www.molsoncoors.com and click on the financial reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period and in U.S. dollars. Following the prepared remarks this morning, management will take your questions. In order to allow as many people to ask questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question. If you have multiple questions, please ask your most important question first, and then return to the question queue to ask additional ones. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors. Mr. Hunter, please go ahead.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you, Anita. Hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors Earnings Call, and thank you for joining us today. With me on the call this morning from Molson Coors we have Tracey Joubert, our Global CFO; Gavin Hattersley, the CEO of our U.S. business; Fred Landtemeters, our Canada CEO; Simon Cox, the CEO of our Europe business; Sergey Yeskov, the CEO of our International business; Lee Reichert, our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer; Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller; and Kevin Kim, Global Director of Investor Relations. Today, Tracey and I will take you through our plans to drive long-term total shareholder returns, highlighting our second quarter results, and also discuss our outlook for the business. As usual, we're offering related slides on the Investor Relations page of our website. Now, you may have seen a press release from our Canadian business earlier today announcing that Molson Coors Canada has entered into a definitive agreement to partner with The Hydropothecary Corporation, or HEXO, in Canada to form a stand-alone joint venture focused on non-alcoholic cannabis-infused beverages for the Canadian market. We will discuss this opportunity in the outlook section of our prepared remarks, but first let's focus on the Q2 results for the company. We were pleased with the sequential improvements in the second quarter for top and bottom line results. Our full year underlying cost savings and free cash flow guidance has not changed, despite ongoing industry demand challenges in the U.S. and Canada, and inflationary pressures. While we are aggressively addressing our volume performance in North America, performance in our Europe and International businesses was strong in the quarter. More specifically for the quarter, our underlying EPS growth of 10.6% reflected positive global net pricing, cost savings delivery, lower marketing spend, and a lower tax rate, while we continued to strengthen our balance sheet with lower net debt. Our results also include the unfavorable timing effect of the revenue recognition accounting standard, which reduced underlying EPS by $0.05 for the quarter. This timing difference is largely expected to reverse as a benefit in the fourth quarter. Across the organization, our teams exercised flexibility in the P&L with lower MG&A spend across all business units. In the U.S., our results reflected headwinds from the overall beer industry, as well as continued negative impacts from the Golden brewery system implementation. Although the industry faced another tough quarter due to a challenging April and impact of holiday mismatches, we are dissatisfied with our overall market share trends and will continue to focus on reinvigorating Coors Light, while maintaining the strong improvements in Miller Lite and continuing to accelerate performance in above premium to improve both top and bottom line results. Coors Light lost segment share and we are working to turn that trend around by more boldly leveraging The World's Most Refreshing Beer campaign. Our branding efforts will focus on creating a deeper connection with our existing consumer base and recruiting the next generation of legal drinking age consumers, while our sales teams will focus on regaining distribution and maximizing retail support. Improved premiumization efforts will focus on growing our national and regional craft portfolio, improving our FMB performance through innovations, such as Arnold Palmer Spiked and Henry's Hard Sparkling, and continuing to take share in the import segment led by Sol and Peroni. The Golden brewery system implementation and ongoing freight carrier constraints negatively impacted our volumes, accounting for nearly 1% of volume declines in our U.S. business unit this quarter. The Golden installation has now stabilized and we are brewing, packing, and shipping beer in line with expectations. We're now prepping for the successful transition of the five additional system implementations for the remaining U.S. breweries over the next 12 months. As previously disclosed, we expect a gross profit tailwind in the second half of this year as distributors build up inventories ahead of the next system implementation. As a result, we expect our second-half volumes will reflect better STWs than STRs. In Canada, while brand volumes reflected sequential improvements, excluding the impact from the revenue recognition accounting standard, NSR per hectoliter was down 1.4% on a constant-currency basis. This was driven principally by negative mix shift within the portfolio, as our simplified below premium strategy delivered ahead of expectations. Through the balance of the year, we'll address our NSR per hectoliter performance through our premiumization efforts by focusing on improving performance in the Premium segment and driving growth across our powerful above premium portfolio. In our Europe and International businesses, despite various year-over-year headwinds, our teams produced strong results driven by balanced top and bottom line growth, as we grew our core national champion brands and above premium brand volumes in Europe, and improved profitability from focused brand performance in our International business. Going forward, we plan to maintain positive momentum and we remain focused on delivering underlying EBITDA of $20 million to $25 million this year in our International business. Across all of our markets, premiumization of our portfolio remains an important element of our strategy and our above premium brands accounted for 21% of our portfolio, up from 20% last year. Despite strong growth from Europe and many of our above premium brands, total above premium volumes declined by 1%, driven by softer volumes in the U.S. and Canada. Continued premiumization of the portfolio while strengthening our mainstream brands remains central to our approach. Our teams are leaning in to deliver on our commitments for the full year by finding opportunities to earn more, use less, and invest wisely. Guidance for free cash flow of $1.5 billion, plus or minus 10%, this year is based on continuing to drive our First Choice commercial excellence initiatives, as well as our disciplined approach to cost savings, flexibility with discretionary spending, and our continued focus on driving working capital efficiencies. More specifically, we have a strong track record of delivering on cost savings and our $210 million guidance for the year remains unchanged. Additionally, as discussed in New York, we expect our results to benefit from additional cost mitigation efforts, particularly in the second half of the year. Our ability to flex the P&L with our discretionary spending to protect the bottom line is another reason that we are committed to our cash plans this year. Future results prove this as MG&A spend was down substantially across all business units. For example, MG&A spend in the U.S. was down over 5%. We plan to use this same disciplined approach across our business throughout the second half of the year. Now before I turn the call to Tracey to give more detail on the quarter, I also wanted to highlight the recent release of our Our Beer Print Sustainability Report, which demonstrates our company's positive impact in our communities and their environment against our 2025 goals. As a leading global brewer, 14 of our global sites have already reached zero waste to landfill, and we have plans to improve this across all of our brewing and major manufacturing facilities as part of our larger Beer Print efforts. So with those headlines, over to you, Tracey.
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you, Mark, and hello, everybody. Our number one priority for 2018 is delivering on our bottom line, which includes generating cost savings, delivering strong free cash flow, and strengthening our balance sheet via debt paydown. Our earnings release provides more details on our cash generation and cost savings guidance, which has not changed. We are reiterating our underlying free cash flow guidance of $1.5 billion, plus or minus 10%. We're also reiterating our cost savings guidance of $210 million in 2018, which is part of our three-year target of $600 million. Recent cost inflation makes delivering these savings particularly important this year. As we discussed at our Analyst Day, our teams are also focused on additional cost mitigation efforts, which will not be reported within our cost savings number, but should benefit our second half profitability. Also, while we are reiterating our annual COGS per hectoliter guidance in Canada, Europe and International, we are now raising our U.S. guidance to up mid-single digits for the year. We do have hedging programs in place that provide partial protection from the well-documented inflationary environment this year. However, the inflationary environment remains a headwind, including volatility from aluminum costs and the Midwest Premium, and incremental pressures from the freight carrier market in the U.S. In the current volatile cost environment, our teams are working to mitigate the impact of these increases. Before I share consolidated highlights, I would like to remind you of the new revenue recognition accounting standard, which we'll refer to as revenue recognition for the remainder of the prepared remarks today. As outlined in our earnings release, this is expected to have no significant impact in net income for the full year, but will cause some timing differences between quarters, impacting some year-over-year comparability for net sales and MG&A primarily in the U.S. and Canada this quarter. For example, revenue recognition negatively impacted EPS by $0.05 this quarter and $0.06 on a year-to-date basis, but this timing difference is expected to flip back as a benefit in the fourth quarter. As highlighted in our earnings release, underlying EBITDA decreased 2.6% on a reported basis and 3.8% on a constant currency basis, driven by lower financial volume, higher cost inflation, and the unfavorable timing impact of revenue recognition, partially offset by positive global net pricing, cost savings, and lower marketing spend. U.S. GAAP net income increased 28.6%, driven by unrealized mark-to-market gains on our commodity position versus losses a year ago, cost savings, lower income tax expense, and lower interest expense, partially offset by lower financial volume, higher input cost to inflation, and the unfavorable timing impact of revenue recognition. Net sales decreased 0.2% on a reported basis and decreased 1.9% in constant currency. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis decreased 0.3% in constant currency and increased 1.9% on a reported financial volume basis. Worldwide brand volume decreased 2.4% and financial volume decreased 2.1%. Global priority brand volume decreased 4%. And now on to regional highlights. In the U.S., underlying EBITDA decreased 7.2% versus last year, driven by higher COGS, particularly aluminum and freight, lower volumes, negative sales mix, and the unfavorable impact of revenue recognition, partially offset by higher net pricing and lower MG&A expenses. Top line pressure this quarter was driven by brand volume decline. However, strong NSR per hectoliter growth reflected sequential improvements and strong Q2 pricing. Despite volume and COGS headwinds, we demonstrated flexibility in the P&L with a 5.2% decline in MG&A. In Q2, we gained share in Premium Light, led by Miller Lite's increasing segment share for the 15th consolidated quarter. Coors Light continued to underperform and, as Mark noted, is a significant focus area. Declines in our above premium portfolio were driven by underperformance from the Leinenkugel shandy family and the tough competitive environment in the FMB segment, with volume losses from the Redd's franchise and Henry's Hard Soda. However, we are competing better within the growing hard seltzer segment through Henry's Hard Sparkling and have more than doubled our share of the category since Q1. Arnold Palmer Spiked is beating expectations and is the top-selling new FMB in 2018 according to Nielsen. Crispin is up double digits on the strength of Crispin Rosé, and in craft Blue Moon Belgian White remains by far the number one craft brand in the U.S., accounting for about 8% of total industry craft volume in the country. Strong growth from our regional craft brands continued to outpace the segment. In imports, the marketing and packaging overall of Sol has led to a new momentum for the brand, which is up triple digits to-date per Nielsen. Peroni also continued to gain momentum, growing volume for the 15th consecutive quarter and is the top 10 growth brand on premise according to Nielsen. In below premium we continued to grow share of segments in Q2 led by the Keystone family. Keystone Light remains among Nielsen's top 10 growth brands, while the Steel Reserve Alloy Series has accomplished six consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. In Europe, our Q2 underlying EBITDA improved by 18.2% on a reported basis and 11.7% on a constant currency basis due to favorable gross profit impact, spend efficiency, and timing of brand investments and the partial reversal of bad debt provisions, as well as the addition of the Aspall business. The top line benefited from above premium brand and national champion brand growth, as well as World Cup consumption, as volume grew 2.9% coupled with NSR per hectoliter expansion of 1.5% on a constant currency basis. In addition to strong top line performance, lower marketing investments also helped drive the double-digit increase in the bottom line. As previously discussed on our Q1 call, top and bottom line results were impacted by the increased commercial investment we made in our First Choice Agenda during 2018. In addition, we have chosen to adopt recently-revised industry guidelines for calculating excise tax payments in one of our markets, which reduced our Europe NSR per hectoliter by low single digits. Our Canada underlying EBITDA decreased 5.1% in Q2 on a reported basis and 7.8% on a constant currency basis, driven by revenue recognition, negative sales mix, and lower volume, partially offset by marketing investments. The top line reflected a 2.4% decline in brand volume, with declines in Western Canada and Ontario, coupled with the net sales per hectoliter decline of 4.5% in constant currency during the quarter. Excluding the effect of revenue recognition, NSR per hectoliter would have decreased 1.4% due to negative mix. The bottom line reflected benefit from lower MG&A spending and lower COGS per hectoliter. The premium segment declined mid-single digits, but Coors Light continues to improve its market share trajectory, confirming the positive impact of our renewed marketing and sales focus behind the brand. While the above premium and craft segments declined, growth came from continued success of MGD and Belgian Moon, while the newly acquired Trou du Diable is broadening its reach in Québec. Strong growth in the Value segment, which represents about a fifth of our volumes in Canada, was driven by a recent addition actions to refocus the portfolio, including the very successful launch of Miller High Life. Regarding International, underlying EBITDA versus last year improved $7.4 million in the second quarter, driven by positive net pricing, positive brand and geographic mix, along with higher volume and lower MG&A costs. These factors were partially offset by the loss of the Modelo brands in Japan. The top line benefited from a 3.8% improvement in net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis and a 0.6% increase in brand volume in the quarter. Positive volumes were driven by organic growth in our focus markets, partially offset by the loss of Modelo contract in Japan. The bottom line also reflected improved COGS per hectoliter performance, in addition to lower MG&A spending levels in the quarter. Looking forward, we will ensure our business continues to generate strong free cash flow as we strengthen our balance sheet and deliver on cost savings. And finally, I want to reiterate our discussion from our Analyst Day around capital allocation priorities. Returning cash to shareholders over the next two years includes the following. First, we are committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating and expect to achieve approximately 4 times leverage on a rating agency basis by the end of 2018. After that point, our plans are to achieve about 3.75 times leverage on a rating agency basis around the middle of 2019. After which our board currently intends to reinstitute a dividend payout ratio target in the range of 20% to 25% of annual trading underlying EBITDA for the second half of 2019 and ongoing thereafter. Deleveraging and our dividend are our current priorities and as we pass these two stages, we will then consider future uses of cash, which may include continued deleverage, investment behind growth initiatives, and share repurchase activity in the context of our capital allocation framework underpinned by Profit after Capital Charge, or PACC model. At this point I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Tracey. All of our business units are focused on a series of commercial excellence drivers that will help build our top and bottom line. These include building extraordinary brands, strengthening customer excellence, and driving disruptive growth. Within building extraordinary brands, we're concentrating on energizing our core brands and accelerating the growth of our above premium and craft portfolio, and building the scale and footprint of our global brand portfolio. Within strengthening customer excellence, we're scaling up and driving the Molson Coors Advantage program across all of our global sales teams, and this approach is designed to drive category value that both our customers and Molson Coors can share. And finally within driving disruptive growth initiatives, we're focused on expanding our portfolio beyond beer, driving a leading edge digital and e-commerce agenda across every aspect of our business, and accelerating the pace of our growth in international markets. All of these commercial activities are underpinned by strong insights and analytics to refine and amplify their impact. Now, as referenced earlier, the proposed joint venture in Canada announced this morning by Molson Coors Canada is consistent with the company's overall strategy to drive disruptive growth in our markets globally. As we recently shared in our New York Analyst Meeting, we're growing our global non-alcoholic beer portfolio and have recently invested in diversified brewed beverages in the U.S., like the Bhakti chai tea company and Clearly Kombucha. With Canada breaking new ground by federally legalizing cannabis this fall, Molson Coors Canada is in a unique position as one of Canada's leading beverage companies to pursue opportunities in this nascent, but rapidly expanding consumer segment. By creating a separate stand-alone venture, with a trusted partner who shares our values and commitments to doing business the right way, Molson Coors Canada can drive disruptive growth, while remaining focused on its core beer business. More details will be provided in due course once the transaction closes and the joint venture is formed. Let me now return to our regional outlook. In the U.S., as we said in Q1, we will build distributor inventories in the second half of the year as we prepare for further brewery system implementations. Also, we will continue to drive our portfolio strategy of building distinctive brands across all segments to meet the needs of American beer drinkers. We have an urgent focus on improving Coors Light trends through bolder execution of The World's Most Refreshing Beer, and sharper feature and display activity, while continuing the strong share trends for Miller Lite through a distinctive competitive positioning. Additionally, we expect FMB and cider performance to benefit from incremental volumes from Arnold Palmer Spiked distribution, labor and PACC innovations from Henry's Hard Sparkling, and introduction of slim cans for Crispin Rosé. More broadly, in above premium we're accelerating our import share with Sol and Peroni, while strengthening the Blue Moon franchise and rapidly scaling our family of regional craft breweries. In Europe, we're encouraged by the strong start to the summer selling season. Our teams will continue to use a balanced portfolio approach by building on momentum from International growth of Staropramen outside of the Czech Republic, Coors Light, and our craft and cider portfolio. Additionally, we will remain disciplined with retail execution and optimization of our brewery network and infrastructure. As discussed on our Q1 earnings call, when modeling the results of Europe, remember that we currently anticipate a low single-digit negative impact per quarter to NSR per hectoliter for the remainder of the year, as we've chosen to adopt recently revised industry guidelines for calculating excise tax payments in one of our markets. In Canada, the commercial excellence teams will continue to focus on strengthening the portfolio by stabilizing a premium brand performance, accelerating the growth of our above premium portfolio, and simplifying our offering in the Value segment. In premium, Coors Light is our top priority and we expect to improve brand activations and promotional intensity with an emphasis on refreshment to drive feature and display. Our premiumization efforts will drive an acceleration of the growth of our key import brand Heineken, as well as our MGD and Coors Banquet brands. Trou du Diable, our most recent Canadian craft addition, is broadening our footprint in the world of craft in Québec and is delivering strong results. We've also lifted and shifted Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy and Henry's Hard Soda from the U.S. And the recent addition of Coors Edge, a new non-alcoholic offering, is complementing Heineken 0.0 in this rapidly growing segment. In below premium, the recently launched Miller High Life brand continues to deliver strong results, while complementing our Pilsner and Black Label brands and underpinning continued segment share growth. Finally, as we look to ongoing productivity improvements, the construction of our new highly efficient brewery in B.C. is on track for brewing in 2019 and planning for a new brewery in Québec is advancing quickly. Strong year-to-date performance from the International business gives us added confidence in generating $20 million to $25 million of underlying EBITDA this year. We expect the second half to build on the successes in Latin America, including in Mexico, Paraguay, and Honduras, along with further development of our Asia Pacific markets, such as South Korea. Please note that Q2 represented the last quarter of lapping the loss of the Modelo contract in Japan last year. We'll continue to focus our efforts on succeeding in high-potential markets and brands that will play a pivotal role in reaching our long-term top and bottom line International growth targets. International will be a meaningful driver of underlying EBITDA performance for Molson Coors this year. Across Molson Coors, our teams are focused on our first priority, which is to drive margin expansion, bottom line growth, and strong free cash flow enable deleverage; and our second priority, which remains to deliver an improved top line through our First Choice commercial excellence approach, which clearly provides the most sustainable source of profit growth over the medium to long term. Capital allocation within our business continues to be guided by the PACC approach, as we seek to deliver total shareholder returns. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, just a quick comment. As usual, our prepared remarks and slides will be on our website for your reference later this afternoon. Kevin Kim will be available via telephone or e-mail to assist with any additional questions. So at this point, Anita, we'd like to open up for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. The first question today comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Mr. Spillane, please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi and good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Good morning, Bryan.
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Good morning.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Mark, I guess, at the Analyst Day in June, you made a comment about the consensus for the full year being, I guess, pessimistic, if I'm remembering the term correctly. And I'm just piecing together some of the things, incremental points that we've kind of heard today. It sounds like inflation is a little bit higher in the U.S., COGS inflation. Volumes were a little bit weaker than expected in the second quarter, but then there's going to be some inventory build. So just trying to – as we kind of tie together all of the sort of forward-looking comments that you made, does that affect at all kind of your view of where things stood versus the consensus back in June?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Bryan. So, obviously, I tried to offer a perspective when we met in June, and I think that held good at that point in time. And on the back of that, Q2 estimates came down by about $0.09 and full year estimates came up by about $0.07. So you've now seen our Q2 reported numbers and I think we've given a perspective as we come into the second half. Clearly, there'll be a benefit from the rev-rec reversal. There'll be a benefit from the STW builds. As you mentioned, inflation pressures are reasonably intense at the moment. So I think we've still got a pretty balanced perspective on the full year. And if you remember, against the backdrop of what's been reasonably sluggish demand inflation and some of the mix challenges, we came into the year with a sense of a contingency in our plan and we're working hard on not only our base cost savings, but additional cost mitigation. I think we're demonstrating we've got flexibility with regard to our commercial spend and we're very focused on driving the right decisions to ensure that we deliver against the deleverage commitment. So probably a bit of a longer answer than you anticipated, but hopefully that gives you the color.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No, I appreciate that. Thanks, Mark.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you very much. I'm wondering if you could maybe just kind of step back a little bit and talk about kind of a little bit of the recent history on the positioning for Coors Light and kind of the journey that you've taken on that, kind of what's worked, what hasn't worked, and what your analytics are telling you are the issues in terms of the brand equity, kind of what are the actual problems that your team is coming back and saying this is where we have particular problems in terms of whether it's the image of the brand or anything else in terms of the whole marketing landscape. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Robert. Thanks for that. Let me give you a broad perspective and then, Gavin, do you want to pick up on some of the specifics in the U.S. But if you take a step back, obviously, we drive Coors Light as one of our global brands. The positioning of the brand is consistent on a multi-market basis and that's built very much around Cold Rocky Mountain refreshment, which comes to life as The World's Most Refreshing Beer. And that's working well for us in multiple markets, Robert, whether that's LatAm, Europe. Actually in Canada, as Fred made mention later, through the second quarter Coors Light was back in pretty solid single-digit growth in May, as an example. So we know when we get the execution right that the brand performs. Our brand equity measures are actually moving in the right direction. We've got some challenges, I think, about making sure the total 360-degree program for Coors Light is as aggressive, assertive, and as well executed as it needs to be. So, Gavin, do you want to pick up on just some of the color around opportunity areas in the U.S. in particular?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, sure, Mark. I mean, look, Robert, it's no secret that the first six months have been a difficult six months for Coors Light. It has disproportionately, relative to some other brands, been impacted by the BP&S issues that we had in Golden. About a fifth of its decline in the second quarter would be associated with that. We launched new marketing executions in the middle of the second quarter and they're a step-up on last year, but they haven't driven a strong enough change in momentum. And so we'll be leaning in more heavily and even more differently on The World's Most Refreshing Beer messaging. Our summer YETI program landed really well with our distributors and our retailers. And so we'll be building – it gives us a nice base for next summer. We're learning on our media mix what works and what doesn't, and so we'll be adjusting our media mix and leaning into what is working and what is not. And the final thing I would say is that our new CMO, who we're in the process of recruiting, their number one job will be Coors Light.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Gavin.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: And can you just follow-up on that, where you are on the CMO process, internal, external, and any thoughts around that and timing?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, Robert, we're looking at a wide range of candidates. We're looking for a fresh perspective on our marketing with, as I said, an urgent focus on turning around Coors Light and getting more growth in above premium. Our plans for the summer are locked, they're loaded, and we're executing them. And I don't need to sacrifice finding the right person for a short-term timeline. So we're moving at pace to recruit the marketing leader, but we're not ready to announce that yet.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Thank you very much.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: The next question comes from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Judy.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: So, I guess, one is just a quick follow-up to the Coors Light question. Mark, I think you commented in your prepared comments about maybe increasing some promotional intensity as also part of the effort. So I'm just wondering if you can elaborate that a little bit more just in terms of promotion activity around Coors Light specifically? And then my broader question is just really on the cost mitigation efforts that you're making. Obviously, it's been good to see managing that flexibility to meet the challenges of some of the headwinds this year. I'm just wondering if you can give some concrete examples of where you're lowering spending and how do you kind of assess the risk of not cutting too deep, particularly around the areas where that potentially impacts the market share performance. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, thanks, Judy. The comment I made in my prepared remarks are around promotional intensity relating specifically to Coors Light in Canada, and I think Fred has been very clear that we have the lion's share of our spend buying Coors Light into Q2 and Q3. That's kind of the critical couple of quarters and the brand is responding very, very positively. April was tough just because industry was really, really poor. But as we've come through May and June, we're very, very encouraged by the trends we're seeing on Coors Light. And that promotional intensity really relates to the way that we bring the brand to life, specifically in The Beer Store in Ontario, where we've reinstituted in case promotional mechanics, which we'd walked away from and the rest of the market hadn't. So it's really about how we choose to invest our commercial dollars, Judy. Don't read that as any sense but, hey, we want to get really aggressive on price. We are not doing that. We're making sure we offer great value to our consumers and we'll do that in a way that's appropriate market-by-market. Tracey, do you want to pick up on costs?
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. So hi, Judy. So, as we look at the inflationary environment, which is well documented and we've spoken about this morning, it is very important for us to look at cost mitigation if it's in addition to the cost savings that we're going to deliver this year. So I'll give you an example around G&A spend. So where we have head count vacancies, for example, we may choose not to fill them this year, and then fill those next year. So that would be an example of the types of mitigation that we're looking at.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: I think, Judy, you also want to talk just about making sure that we've got the balance right in terms of supporting our portfolio. And one of the things that we benefit from is the fact that our ROMI program allows us to, I think, measure in a pretty sophisticated way where we get the biggest bang for our buck. And interestingly, if you look at Coors Light and Miller Lite in the U.S., our spend is relatively similar, pretty much identical. Miller Lite is performing better. So it really is about kind of the quality of our content and the quality of our execution, and that's really what we're focused on.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Judy.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you very much. Mark, as it relates to the U.S., in June you'd called out a soft April, but seemed more upbeat on May trends. And based on the results today, I'm assuming that June slowed again, which would align with what we see in the market data. But I'd just love your perspective on what you've seen across the quarter and whether it impacts your confidence in the back half at all. It sounds like you still expect a meaningful ramp in shipment volumes, but I'm not clear if that's just a product of shipment comps and timing or whether you see true cause for industry trends or market share improving as well. And maybe on a related point, Gavin, with STWs leading STRs in the quarter, can you just update us on where you see channel inventories exiting the quarter and whether that impacts anything you've said previously about that first quarter shortfall, that $30 million or so in gross profit, being made up in the back half? Or do we see some of that being made up in the quarter? Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Steve. Gavin, I'll attempt to pick up the first question and if you can pick up the second. I think it's fair to say, Steve, on the U.S. industry, I mean, we're seeing a choppiness from an industry demand perspective. We kind of get a good month and then a weaker month certainly as we've come through the second quarter and come into July. We're very encouraged by the fact our July volume performance in the U.S. is about 200 basis points better than what we've seen on a year-to-date basis. So we alluded to the fact that we believed as we came into the second half and we got some of the Golden issues behind us, we'd be much more back in our stride, and that's certainly playing out in the volume numbers and improvement in the share trend that we've seen, which has been meaningful for our business as we've come through July. So, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color. Industry is still tracking at the half year down about 2.3%. And we've talked publicly in the past that we expect the U.S. beer industry on a medium to long-term basis probably to be down somewhere between 0.5% and 1%. We talked to that when we were together in New York. Gavin, do you want to pick up the specifics of STWs versus STRs?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, sure, Mark. I mean, also add just a touch more color to the second quarter, Steve. Our Golden rollout did hurt us in the second quarter, probably about 100 basis points from a volume percentage point of view. And we also agree with the industry pundits that July 4 falling on a Wednesday hurt volume sales in June. And, of course, we had the holiday timing and difficult April. And, as Mark says, our trends have improved quite nicely in the last four-week read. From a shipments point of view, we're still expecting to build inventory with our distributors as we head into the next go-lives. We've had suggested orders for July and the distributors have actually met that and slightly exceeded it. So I think our comments around inventory build that we made on the first quarter call still hold true for the second half, and you will see STWs outpace STRs meaningfully in the second half as we build those inventories heading into the full year and the $30 million number still holds true.
Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, that's great. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: The next question is from Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gerald Pascarelli - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Gerald Pascarelli on for Vivien. Thanks very much for taking the questions. So on cannabis, has your team performed their due diligence to identify potential partners? What were the key criteria that you were looking for? And within that due diligence, what insights have you gleaned as it relates to the interaction between alcohol and cannabis as substitute social lubricants? Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: I was going to say thanks for your question, Vivien, but you caught me on the back foot there. So two questions there. I mean, clearly, as we went through this process, we did a very thorough due diligence process. Clearly, we're looking for an organization that was reflective of our values. We're looking for an organization that was science-based. We're looking for an organization that had guarantee in continuity of supplies. And we're looking for an organization that already had a track record and shared the ambition that we have to create alcohol-free cannabis-infused beverages that are delivered in a responsible way. So, I mean, that was a framework we used. Clearly, there was a little bit more detailed buying that from a financial due diligence perspective, but that was kind of the broad framework. And we're delighted with the partnership we've announced today. We think we've got a very strong partner and we're setting a business up to really drive a very clear and very responsible agenda in Canada. Fred, do you want to talk a little bit about what we're seeing from an interaction between cannabis and other alcoholic beverages?
Frederic Landtmeters - Molson Coors Canada, Inc.: Sure, Mark. So basically it's been very clear since we knew that legalization of cannabis was going to be confirmed that the consumer acceptance of cannabis in Canada is increasing. And we believe that that's only going to continue to happen. So in parallel with that, we expect consumer needs and preferences to evolve, and it's really in that context that we have made the decision to set up the JV with HEXO. So the interaction, and in terms of impact of cannabis on beer, I've mentioned it before and I still have the same perspective that it's really difficult to evaluate that as long as legalization doesn't really happen, and that's foreseen to be in October of this year. So I think it's going to be a little bit of wait-and-see in terms of the real impact. But clearly, in terms of consumer needs and preferences, based on the acceptance and the legalization, we expect that to increase going forward.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: And, Gerald, the other thing I would add is, as we went through this process, the decision we had to make was do we want to be a spectator or a participant. We concluded we wanted to be a participant in this new segment and we concluded we wanted to be an active participant with a trusted partner, and that's what we've announced today. I think it's clear that the opportunity is still unproven, because we're actually not through legalization. But we believe, based on all the work we've done, that it's potentially have got very significant potential and that needs to be proven out over the medium to long term. So this is a first step for us. I think it's a very appropriate structure that we've set up and we're very excited about what the next handful of years could bring.
Gerald Pascarelli - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning.
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Good morning.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Good morning.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So we're a couple of years past the original statement that you were hoping to return to volume growth in the U.S. in 2019. Obviously, expectations have moderated a lot since then, but we're pretty far away from that goal, given the top line performance we saw in Q1. And given these volume declines are accelerating, I'm just hoping to get sort of a high-level perspective and review on what hasn't played out since then as you expected. Maybe some of the challenges that have cropped up and, more importantly, taking a forward look with the dissatisfaction with your U.S. market share results you mentioned. What's different about the strategy today to drive that forward U.S. volume growth versus if you were to go back a year or two ago? Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Again, let me give you a couple of high-level comments, and then Gavin can talk to some of the detail. I think both Gavin and I have been pretty consistent as we've come through 2018 and the back end of 2017. Our ambition to get to flat and growth is, obviously, going to be tempered by the overall industry performance we've seen, which clearly has been more negative than we'd anticipated. Getting our business stabilized and back into growth remains a strategic imperative. And I think we've demonstrated with the addition of brands like Sol and like Arnold Palmer, we are resolute on broadening and deepening the potential and the capability of our portfolio, and we continue to work on other additions to our portfolio. So the strategic intent hasn't changed, but clearly has been more challenging. And in simple terms, there are two pieces that have not gone according to plan. One is the Coors Light performance, and the second is our performance in FMBs. All other parts of our portfolio are pretty much in line with what we'd anticipated. So, that tries to simplify it as best I can. But, Gavin, do you want to pick up and offer any other color?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Mark, I mean, you covered it fairly comprehensively. I mean, all I can add to what you said was, I mean, obviously, given the first six months, we're not going to get to flat in 2018 and you've covered the reasons why. It doesn't change the strategic importance of it, but we're certainly not going to get to flat and growth by any cost. I think we were pretty clear on that as well. We've had some self-inflicted challenges around our Golden rollout and our intent just to make sure that those don't happen with our future rollouts. If you take a step back and look at the three segments, we're pleased with our performance. In the economy portfolio, we've met our objective of halving our decline rate and holding share. We have grown the above premium overall, but we're not growing as quickly as we want to do, not by any means. And we do think we've got some real winners in above premium, which we'll be leaning into, like Sol and Arnold Palmer Spiked and Peroni and our craft companies. Blue Moon has returned to growth. Blue Moon was the biggest impact after Coors Banquet of our Golden go-live, and so that brand family has returned to growth in the last four weeks. A strong brand, very pleased with that. And as Mark says, Coors Light remains our biggest challenge in the Premium Light segment. Miller Lite continues to gain meaningful share of Premium Light, and job number one for us is to return Coors Light to the position it was in before.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And the Coors Light improvement, is that mainly through the marketing message, as you touched on earlier? Are there other areas you think that can drive improvement in that brand that you're focused on?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, sure. This is not just about marketing. There's many elements of Coors Light which we're working on and which we need to improve focus and trajectory. So, no, this is not just about a marketing campaign at all.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Amit Sharma with BMO Capital markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Amit.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hey, Amit. How are you?
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Mark, good, thanks. Couple of questions, Mark. First, if you can provide us an update on the Pabst lawsuit, where are we, what's the expected timeline and what's the preferable solution from your perspective from that lawsuit. And then second, for Tracey. Tracey, your comments on capital allocation are very clear on three objectives. Is that how you see – is that the right order of investment or capital allocation as you think about the three between dividend, investment, and share buyback?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. On the first one, the Pabst lawsuit goes to trial in November. The preferred outcome is we win the lawsuit. That's as simple as I can make it. We've been very clear in our intentions, we've been very clear on how we expect this to play out, and we'll know in November whether we've been successful or not. So that's probably all I can say at this stage. There's no new news beyond that. Tracey, do you want to pick up on capital allocation?
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yes. Hi, Amit. So on the capital allocation, we have spoken about the three buckets of allocation, and it's not in any particular order. But our number one priority is to secure our investment-grade rating, so that's really the strengthening of the balance sheet in the sort of short term. And then after that, we look at all of our capital allocations and any investment we make we look through our PACC model. So just making sure that we get the highest return to drive the long-term shareholder value, so we will assess each of the investments as and when they come up, and then decide which is the best one for that long-term shareholder return.
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Amit.
Operator: Next question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you and good morning. So going back to the discretionary marketing spending from the MG&A decline of 5% in the U.S. So how much was it related to marketing vis-à-vis the underlying items as part of the restructuring program that you have? That's my first question. And related to that, what gives you comfort – and I know Gavin has spoke to that and you also, Mark, on reverting Coors Light share losses now that your marketing spend is lower, or should we expect market share recovery only in 2019 when you cycle the tough comps for cost and therefore, you can go back to normalized levels of marketing? Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Andrea, on our MG&A, we don't split that out by separate line item. So it's bundled together and we're not going to break that out. On the second point, the challenge we're dealing with on Coors Light is not unique in our business. We've dealt with this challenge in many of other markets with our large core brands and we've got a track record of both stabilizing and turning around our brands. And actually in the U.S. if you look at the success on Miller Lite, so our spend levels on Coors Light are very equivalent to our spend levels in Miller Lite. So for me, this is less of a spend issue and much more of quality of content and focus of execution issue, and that's what the teams are resolved to deal with as we go through the second half. I'm not going to predict where our share number will be in the second half, but as Gavin and I have spoken to getting our broader business stabilized and back into growth remains a strategic imperative in the U.S.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Andrea.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Lauren.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. I was hoping we could talk a little bit about pricing. I was pretty surprised just the call out about global pricing up so strongly, U.S. pricing, and evenly it looks even a bit stronger than what we see in the P&L, because the mention of negative mix in a couple spots. So could you talk a little bit about early thoughts on industry pricing evolving from here, particularly in the context of rising input costs, if you've sort of made your move? Or is something that might come in the second half of the year still potentially incremental to what we're seeing in the P&L already?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: So I'm assuming, Lauren, is your question related to the U.S.?
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: U.S. and global. I mean, I care most about the U.S., obviously, just given the size, but there was commentary on positive pricing everywhere.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, I mean, across our business, I think we have built our sophistication around our pricing and revenue management approach, and we're very clear on the frameworks and our expectations that we have across our markets. But the specific detail is delegated to each of the business unit CEOs to make sure they're making the right calls on a market-by-market basis. But, clearly, as I think we've talked about consistently, premiumization of our portfolios are driving our mix positively and, at the same time, making sure the overall NSR per hectoliter continues to move up as one of the KPIs that we set for our self in our business. So that's kind of a broad perspective. Gavin, do you want to talk in a bit more detail about the U.S. pricing environment and our intentions going forward? Not that you offer a lot of detail, I'm sure.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. No, we'll be offering a lot of details on a go-forward basis Lauren (00:54:28).
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: (00:54:27).
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: But just one call out. I've noticed a number of folk are calling out 0.9% increase in our pricing. Actually, that is 1.6% when you adjust on a comparable basis for the revenue recognition guidance. We had negative mix in the quarter of about 80 basis points, so our frontline up about 2.4% across all the pricing components. Most of that mix negativity was package mix. And, obviously, that's driven by the success of our Keystone Light 15 packs and Keystone Ice. And from a cost input pressure point of view, I mean, we've made no secret about the fact that aluminum tariffs and freight and the unjustified increase in the Midwest Premium are having a negative impact on our cost structure, and they may factor into future pricing decisions. That said, as Mark says, we price our brands as we always have priced them. It's done at the local level. It's done at market by market and brand by brand, and it takes into account the competitive environment in which we're operating.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And would you say that you don't think your share performance is at all impacted by pricing? It looks like it's trending a bit above what you're seeing from some of your competition at this point.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: No, I don't think our share performance has been impacted by pricing. I think our share loss is driven by the challenging supply chain environment that we've had in the first six months, which we are, obviously, through that now. Our competitors' innovations have driven faster results than our innovations have and we'll, obviously, be driving hard against that. We're also cycling some really good share performance from last year. We're cycling the Keystone 15-pack from last year. And whilst Keystone Light is still growing very nicely, our biggest competitor is, obviously, benefiting from the launch of the Natty Light 15-pack. Our share trends are stabilized and actually slightly improved over the last two reads.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, that's great. Thanks so much.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Lauren, the only other thing I would add is just a reminder of how our incentive program is set up. So our annual incentive program has got four key components, one of which is our NSR per hectoliter. So it has been and remains a priority in our business to improve our NSR through both pure price and mix.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks so much.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Lauren.
Operator: The next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Please go ahead.
Pablo Zuanic - SIG: Good morning, everyone. Just two questions. First on the pricing question that you just had, maybe asking a different way. I think in the Coca-Cola conference call, they talked about taking pricing out of cycle. In the beer industry, normally we see price increases in the late fall. So just if you can talk about that, are we seeing price increases earlier than normal, or should we expect to see price increases later in the fall? Just in general. I know you're not going to forward comment on price. But just in general, if you can add some color there, because, again, your peers in other industry soft drinks are talking about out-of-cycle pricing. And the second question, just in terms of relationship with STWs and STRs. I mean, given the comps, it seems that pretty much through 2Q 2019 your STWs should be running ahead of STRs, right? Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Gavin, do you want to pick up both of those? They're very U.S.-specific.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, sure. No, there haven't been out-of-cycle price increases, Pablo. I think the comment you might be referencing was some of the soft drink guys have taken out-of-cycle pricings. We have not done that. And then from an STW point of view, certainly in Q3 and Q4 I would be expecting our STWs to run ahead of STRs. I mean, I'm not ready to give you any input or feedback for Q1 or Q2 of next year at this point.
Pablo Zuanic - SIG: That's fine. Thanks. And, Mark, if I can just a follow-up, more general question on, I know Sol is still very small and I can't believe I'm asking a question about Sol. But I'm surprised about how visible the product has become on the shelves, the advertising. It seems that you're executing very well, but a lot of the distributors that you go through are also Constellation Brands distributors, Corona, Modelo Especial, and also Heineken distributors, right, Dos Equis, Tecate. So just enlighten us a little bit on that, because I was very skeptical about the launch, given the overlap with more established competitors, using the same distributors, but here you are apparently making some headway there.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Pablo. Yeah, I mean, I'm pleased that you've recognized that. I think Gavin and the sales team led by Kevin are doing a first-class job. The one thing to remember is that much of the volume is driven through the major customers, grocery customers and national chain customers. And accountability for negotiating and securing those placement sits with our team and our distributor's job is to fulfill against those placements. So, obviously, our distributors negotiate for independent on and independent off. So Kevin Doyle and his chain team have done a great job of securing listings, and that's what you're seeing turn up in the marketplace. So we've had generally good support across our distributor base. As you say, clearly some distributors are a little bit more tentative, but I think the proof will be in the pudding, and we like and our distributors and our customers like brands that succeed and has a gravitational pull. And our job is to demonstrate that Sol is a brand that is off to a great start, can maintain that momentum, and has more to offer. And I think as we continue to do that, you'll see more people get behind the brand. Gavin, I probably went into a lot more detail there than I should have done, but anything to add to that?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, sure. And, Mark, just a few things. I mean, Sol growing in triple digits, we're very pleased with that. Lots of excitement from our distributors. And that triple-digit increase in volume is in the context of a substantial increase in price. I mean, our dollars are running – and retail dollars are running substantially higher than that. We're well over 200%. So when you think about that and the new premium bottle, the new 24-ounce can, the new vibrant and fresh look for the brand, we're very excited about it and so are our distributors, and we're seeing that.
Pablo Zuanic - SIG: Helpful. And, Mark, if I can ask one last one if you're there. This idea of cannabis in beer in Canada I understand, but in the U.S., is that a possibility in those markets where cannabis are legal?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: It's a good question, Pablo, and our focus is absolutely on Canada at this point in time. It's going to be federally legal and approved there, and in the U.S. that's not the case. So we'll keep a watch in brief on the U.S., but as a federally regulated company then we'll tread very, very carefully. And I think the great thing about what we're doing in Canada gives us a real opportunity to incubate and test. As I mentioned, this whole segment and the opportunity is speculated, but unproven at this point in time. We believe potentially it's got really significant potential and we're going to learn a lot. And if other markets start to open up in due course and this becomes federally legal, then we'll be in a good place at that point in time. But Canada is a focus at this stage, Pablo.
Pablo Zuanic - SIG: Got it. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tristan van Strien with Redburn. Please go ahead.
Tristan van Strien - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: Good morning. Sorry, a bit more about pricing, my apologies for that. But just on the longer timeframe, when MillerCoors was created a decade ago, there was a lot of effort being put into narrow the gap between pricing Premium Lights and below premium, and a lot of work was put into that. But now it appears to have all reversed more than that, in the case of Keystone Light today is actually cheaper than it was a decade ago. So it's, obviously, worked for Keystone light, like there is some great growth. So how should we think about this going forward? Do you expect this gap to further widen, especially now with Natty Light also discounting in the 15-pack? And maybe related to that, a decade ago Coors Light was sitting at a 30% premium to Keystone Light, today carries close to a 45% premium. What gives you the confidence that the brand can carry such a big premium compared to the below premium brands?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Tristan. One of the things that we do do is very carefully track substitution and cannibalization. And if behind your point is there any concern that Keystone Light is having an impact on Coors Light, there is no data to support that. But, Gavin, do you want to just talk more generally about the inter-relationship between below premium and premium pricing?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, I mean, thanks, Mark. Tristan, we spend a lot of time looking at the gaps between our various brands, between the economy brands and the Premium Light brands. And I think I said on the call last year maybe that in some markets we've probably gone a little too far in economy and dialed it back a little bit. But generally we're very careful about the gaps that exist between our economy and our Premium Lights, and also our above premium brands and we spend a lot of time looking at what our competitors are doing. Yeah, I mean, it's true that in some markets the price of beer is very similar to what it was many years ago, but I could point to just as many markets where that is not true. And, I think, we've also been consistent in the fact that we have taken price fairly consistently on an overall basis over the years. I wouldn't necessarily agree with all the premises of what you're saying.
Tristan van Strien - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: Okay. Maybe just also related to that and that's just more on your CMO search. You guys have always had very much of a pure marketing-oriented CMOs rather than commercial directors or chief commercial officers as you would call them. But it looks like you said earlier Coors Light is not just a marketing issue; it's much broader. And, I guess, I put pricing in there potentially as well. So when you're looking for this new person, are you looking for somebody who's more commercially-oriented, or is it more a pure marketer you're looking for?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Let me make a general comment, Tristan, which is I expect all of my marketers to be commercially-oriented. But, Gav, do you want to talk about the specifics?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, I mean, I think you answered the question perfectly, Mark. We're not just looking for someone who's a pure brand architect brand architect, but I do want someone who's got deep brand experience. And beyond that, looking for a broader commercially-oriented person. My comments around marketing, Tristan, was about this is not just a marketing campaign, right? It's about all elements, as Mark said earlier on, around 360 through-the-line approach. And so, how you come to market, in which pack sizes, what your visual identity is, how you bring The World's Most Refreshing Beer to life in the market, it's all of these elements.
Tristan van Strien - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: And just one...
Tristan van Strien - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: Yeah.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Tristan, one last point is that if you look at the CMOs across our business, every one of our CMOs has got a balance and a blend of both sales and marketing experience. So that's a model that certainly has worked for us and continues to work for us in our other business units.
Operator: The last question today comes from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Hey, everyone. Just a quick one. I think when we were in New York, you were talking about marketing spend or marketing support has some level of flexibility relative to volume and sales. And, clearly, we're – I guess, this is more of a U.S. question, but we're seeing some level of softness or weakness. I mean, can you just talk about how you look at marketing spend relative to a spirits industry, where the largest player is talking about stepping up meaningfully and we've generally seen increases, just the interaction between beer and spirits and thinking about that on your spending in the marketplace? Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, Brett, it's a good question. I think it varies on a kind of geography-by-geography basis. I mean, we try and be as sophisticated as we can when we look at how much we're investing behind our brands and look broadly competitively principally against our beer competitors, but we do also reference what's happening in other segments as well. But the principal focus is really against our beer competitors. I think once you get into spirits and you look at some of the premium pricing and just some of the kind of niche segments, it's very difficult to draw comparison. So we continued to use our ROMI model. We continue to test the effectiveness of our spend in marketplace. And if you look at our International and our Europe business, for example, through the second quarter and first half, our MG&A spend is down and our performance is strong and improving. So I think we're pretty sophisticated in terms of how we look at the absolute spend requirements and the competitiveness of the market, and clearly that's always going to be set in the context of how is our broader business performing, what's inflationary pressures, what's happening with the overall industry demand. So it's a pretty complex three-dimensional model and it's as much science as we can and a little bit of art. I don't know if that helps, Brett.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC: No, that's great. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mark Hunter for any closing remarks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Anita. Thanks, everybody, for joining us today and for your interest in Molson Coors Brewing Company. I think we'll see many of you at the Boston Back-to-School Conference that's coming up in early September, and thank you for your continued interest in our company. Bye, everybody.
Operator: This conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.
Analysts: Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stephen Robert Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc. Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today. So, please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period and in U.S. dollars. Following the prepared remarks this morning, management will take your questions. In order to allow as many people to ask questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question. If you have multiple questions, please ask your most important question first and then return to the queue to ask additional ones. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you, Alison, and hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call and thanks for joining us today. With me on the call this morning from Molson Coors, we have Tracey Joubert, our Global CFO; Gavin Hattersley, the CEO of our U.S. business; Fred Landtmeters, our Canada CEO; Simon Cox, the CEO of our Europe business; Sergey Yeskov, our International CEO; Lee Reichert, our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer; Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Global VP of Investor Relations. Today, Tracey and I will take you through our plans to drive long-term total shareholder returns, highlighting our first quarter results and also discuss our outlook for the business. Along with this, we are offering related slides on the Investor Relations page of our website. As context to our 2018 first quarter results, we finished 2017 as the first full year of a new, larger Molson Coors, with solid financial and commercial performance and excellent progress on integration and synergy-driven cost savings. Our First Choice approach to strengthen and premiumize our portfolio, build strong customer relationships and deliver meaningful profit contribution from our international business, while driving capability, productivity and sustainable cost savings, remains our strategy. And this is underpinned by our absolute and primary focus on cash generation, deleverage, margin expansion and delivering total shareholder returns. In Q1, which is seasonally the smallest profit quarter of the year for us, our Canadian, European and International businesses maintained their underlying progress from 2017. The U.S. beer industry had, as you are aware, a softer-than-anticipated start to the year, which has impacted both top and bottom line performance and which, when coupled with the U.S. distributor inventory destocking and the anticipated cycling of the indirect tax provision benefit in Europe from last year, led to an underlying EBITDA reduction of 18.5% for our company in the first quarter. We do not see these results as indicative of our full-year performance versus our plan and we remain committed to delivering our 2018 guidance. Now, looking more closely at Q1, there are three specific negative performance drivers, one of which is already behind us and another which we expect to fully reverse by the year-end. The first relates to cycling the reversal of the indirect tax provision benefit in Europe, which negatively impacted net sales and pre-tax income by approximately $50 million and is now behind us. The second relates to reduction in U.S. STWs, which declined by 6.7%, as we under-shipped versus last year. U.S. distributor inventory levels were lower than planned, compounded by the rollout of our new ordering system at the Golden brewery, which has taken longer to ramp up than expected. Compared to last year, we under-shipped by approximately 450,000 hectoliters, which represent approximately $30 million of gross profit and we expect this to reverse on a full-year basis, with the negative first quarter profit impact reversing primarily in the second half of this year. The third performance driver relates to overall industry softness with our U.S. brand volume or STRs down by 3.8%, as poor weather dampened overall industry demand. Our market share trends, however, remained consistent with 2017. Against this backdrop of year-over-year headwinds, we continued to drive positive global pricing and improved first quarter EBITDA in Canada, International and Europe, excluding the impact of the indirect tax provision benefit from last year. We expect the International business to contribute meaningfully to the bottom line in 2018 as we anticipate full-year EBITDA delivery of $20 million to $25 million. In the U.S., the suite of consumer and customer activity that is just reaching the market has been very positively received by our distributor network and we're very encouraged by the early reaction to the portfolio additions, such as Sol and Arnold Palmer. Now, we will continue to drive premiumization of our portfolio and our above-premium brands accounted for 19% of our portfolio, consistent with 2017. Despite strong growth from many of our above-premium brands, volume declined by 4% as we reduced promotional intensity in Mexico on Coors Light and saw softer volumes in the U.S. in our flavored malt beverages. Continued premiumization of the portfolio and strengthening our mainstream brands remains central to our approach, as evidenced by the performance within Europe and Canada. Now, let me turn the call to Tracey to give more detail on the first quarter.
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you, Mark, and hello, everybody. Our 2018 bottom line focus includes delivering strong free cash flow, generating cost savings and strengthening our balance sheet via debt paydown. While our earnings release provides more details, I want to spend a moment to share the following specifics for 2018. We are reiterating our underlying free cash flow guidance of $1.5 billion, plus or minus 10%. Cost savings guidance remains $210 million in 2018 and is part of our three-year target of $600 million. Recent input cost increases make these savings initiatives particularly important this year. Also, while our COGS per hectoliter guidance remains unchanged for the year in the U.S., Canada and Europe, we are seeing added pressure from significant spikes in the cost of a few key inputs. These include aluminum and the particularly volatile Midwest premium storage cost, along with higher freight and fuel. We have hedging programs in place, which provide partial protection from these increases. Last quarter, we quantified 2018 inflation headwinds of more than $110 million. In the current volatile cost environment, our teams are working to mitigate the impact of these increases. Now, let's review our consolidated financial headlines for the first quarter versus a year ago. As highlighted in our earnings release, U.S. GAAP net income increased 33.4% as a result of a $328 million cash payment received in January 2018 related to a purchase-price adjustment to our acquisition of the Miller International business, along with positive global net pricing, cost savings and lower interest expenses. These factors were partially offset by unrealized mark-to-market losses on our commodity positions versus gains a year ago, lower financial volume, the impact of cycling the indirect tax provision benefit and higher input cost inflation. Underlying EBITDA decreased 18.5% on a reported basis and 19.7% on a constant currency basis, driven by lower financial volume, the impact of cycling the indirect tax provision benefit, global mix and higher input cost inflation, partially offset by positive global net pricing and cost savings. Net sales decreased 4.8% due to lower financial and royalty volumes, negative global mix, adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard and the approximate $50 million impact of cycling the indirect tax provision benefit in Europe. This was partially offset by positive global pricing and foreign currency movements. Net sales in constant currency declined 7.2%. Net sales per hectoliter, which is now presented on a brand-volume basis, decreased 2.6% in constant currency, driven by cycling the indirect tax provision reversal, adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard and geographic sales mix, partially offset by positive global pricing. On a reported financial-volume basis, NSR per hectoliter increased 0.1%. Worldwide brand volume decreased 3.1%, driven by the U.S., Canada and International declines. Global priority brand volume decreased 5.6% and financial volume decreased 4.9% and was adversely impacted by reductions in brand volumes, wholesale inventories and contract brewing. Coors Light brand volume declined in the U.S., Canada and International, but continued to grow in Europe. And now, I'd like to share some regional highlights. In the U.S., underlying EBITDA decreased 12.2% versus last year, driven by lower STW volumes, negative sales mix, volume deleverage and COGS inflation, partially offset by higher net pricing, cost savings and lower MG&A expenses. Net sales per hectoliter increased 1.1% in the quarter. Excluding the effect of the new revenue recognition accounting standard, NSR per hectoliter would have increased 1.4%. As Mark highlighted earlier, two factors negatively impacted our U.S. business this quarter. First, our domestic sales to wholesalers declined 6.7% and reflected lower-than-planned distributor inventory levels, which negatively impacted gross profit by approximately $30 million and was compounded by the launch of our new ordering system at the Golden brewery that took longer to ramp up than anticipated. We expect this inventory impact to reverse on a full-year basis, with the negative first quarter profit impact reversing in the second half of this year. Secondly, the overall industry softness was reflected in our U.S. brand volume decline of 3.8%. Despite the inventory and industry backdrop, our market share trend was consistent with last year. We continued to gain share in Premium Light, as Miller Lite gained segment share for the 14th consecutive quarter, while Coors Light slightly underperformed the segment. We gained share of segment and industry with our below-premium portfolio, while our above-premium share loss was driven by declines in the increasingly competitive flavored malt beverages category. Premiumization of the portfolio did benefit from continued growth from our regional craft brands during the quarter and we are excited about activation for Blue Moon, Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy and our portfolio innovations as we approach peak selling season. Our Canada underlying EBITDA increased 2.5% in the first quarter on a reported basis, driven by positive sales mix and foreign currency movements, partially offset by lower brand volume and net pricing. Canada underlying EBITDA on a constant currency basis declined 0.5%, showing continued improvement compared to previous quarters. Net sales per hectoliter declined 2.9% in constant currency during the quarter as a result of the adoption of the new revenue recognition accounting standard. Excluding the effect of the new accounting standard, NSR per hectoliter would have increased 1.1% due to positive brand mix and this reflects our continued strategy to premiumize our portfolio. Brand volumes decreased 3.3% in the backdrop of a weak industry in western Canada during the quarter, and high inventory levels in Québec at the start of the year as we concluded union contract negotiations. While Coors Light and Molson Canadian volumes are still the majority of the decline, we continue to stay focused on improving our share trends in the premium segment. In Europe, our underlying EBITDA declined by 65.2% in the first quarter on a reported basis and 68.5% on a constant currency basis, primarily due to cycling the indirect tax benefit in 2017. NSR per hectoliter declined 18.3% on a constant currency basis, primarily due to cycling the indirect tax provision benefit and adopting recently revised excise-tax guidelines. During the quarter, we gained market share in Europe, driven by strong performance from Coors Light, craft and many of our national champion brands. While Staropramen was down due to weak Czech Republic on-premise channel, we continued to premiumize the portfolio with growth from Staropramen outside its home market. Top and bottom line results were also impacted by the increased investment we made in our First Choice Agenda during 2018. In addition, we have chosen to adopt recently revised industry guidelines for calculating excise tax payments in one of our markets, which reduced our Europe NSR per hectoliter by low-single digits. This was partially offset on the bottom line by the benefit of cycling an $11 million bad debt provision in Croatia last year. Brand volume growth was achieved despite unfavorable March weather in many of our Central European markets this year. During the quarter, our U.K. team also successfully integrated the Aspall Cider business that we acquired in January. For our International business, underlying EBITDA improved by $2.1 million from last year, driven by lower MG&A costs, including a settlement related to our Colombia business, along with higher net pricing. These factors were partially offset by the loss of the Modelo brands in Japan. Net sales per hectoliter declined 0.5% in constant currency, driven by unfavorable sales mix, partially offset by positive pricing. We achieved organic volume growth in many of our focus markets. However, total brand volume decreased 7.1% in the quarter, driven by the loss of the Modelo contract in Japan. Volumes were also negatively impacted by Mexico as we reduced promotional intensity to better balance volume and price and drive for higher bottom line performance in this large beer market. As Mark mentioned earlier, strong Q1 performance and our full-year plans give us confidence in generating $20 million to $25 million of underlying EBITDA in our International business this year. As a result of the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard and pension accounting guidance, we have provided incremental details in our earnings release and 10-Q, which our investor community may find helpful when modeling out our business. Looking forward, we will ensure that our business generates strong cash flow, as we strengthen our balance sheet and deliver cost savings, while increasing our EBITDA margins over the next three to four years. And, finally, as many of you have anticipated, we plan to discuss our capital allocation priorities in more detail during our Annual Investor Day in New York in June. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Tracey. I began this call by outlining our plans to drive total shareholder returns. And going forward, we believe our ambition to be First Choice for our consumers and customers will be central to both our bottom and top line success. Our regional business priorities are clear and consistent. In the U.S., we plan to rebuild distributor inventories in the second half, as we are continuing to drive our portfolio strategy of building distinctive brands across all segments to meet the needs of all American beer drinkers. We'll continue to gain segment share in premium, grow volume in above-premium and continue to stabilize our below-premium brand volume and share. We gained share in Premium Lights, led by Miller Lite. And this brand will have even bolder messaging to further assert its positioning as the original light beer that doesn't compromise on taste. We believe the new Coors Light creative and refreshed packaging will improve the recent trend declines, as the brand will reinforce its role as the World's Most Refreshing Beer, including the summer collaboration with YETI, a premium outdoor brand. We have more work to do in the above-premium segment, but we are seeing strong demand for Blue Moon Mango Wheat and Blue Moon variety packs as well as the recently released 15 packs and 24-ounce cans of Blue Moon Belgian White. We'll also look to build on last year's record-setting performance from Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy and compete more assertively within the strongly growing hard seltzers segment with Henry's Hard Sparkling, which is now available in the slim can package. The geographic footprint of our regional craft brands will continue to expand and we expect Terrapin, Hop Valley, Revolver and Saint Archer, collectively, to continue to far outpace the craft segment. In below-premium, we continue to grow share of both segment and industry with our brands, led by the Keystone family. Our 2018 U.S. innovation line-up is off to a strong start. The Sol brand was re-launched in April with redesigned packaging, supported by an integrated marketing campaign that will be prominently featured throughout the summer, especially during the FIFA World Cup. Early results are very promising. Arnold Palmer Spiked Half & Half distribution is ramping up and will be supported through an expansive media campaign and suite of retail tools. And lastly, retro favorite and 2017 success, Zima will be available for a limited time starting on Memorial Day. Despite the recent headwinds we have been facing, we believe we have the brands, plans and people to drive increases in profit and free cash flow and ultimately to reach our goal of volume growth. In Canada, the team continues to focus on executing our strategy to strengthen our business. Our consumer excellence teams will continue to focus on evolving the shape of our brand portfolio, with the objective to stabilize our premium brand performance, accelerate the growth of our above-premium portfolio and simplify our offering in the economy segment. In below-premium, we've seen the recently launched Miller High Life brand delivering strong early results and perfectly complementing our Pilsner and Black Label brands, as all three brands enjoyed growth in the first quarter. In the premium segment, we'll see increased brand activity starting in the second quarter. While we approach the end of the hockey and basketball season, we have already shifted gears to baseball, which sees Coors Light starting its first season as the beer sponsor of the Major League Baseball in Canada. As consumer preference for above-premium brands continues to increase, we'll keep driving an acceleration of the growth of our key import brand, Heineken, as well as our owned MGD and Coors Banquet brands. Trou du Diable, our most recent addition to our craft beer portfolio, is broadening our footprint in the world of craft in Québec and delivering strong early results. In terms of above-premium innovations, we have lifted and shifted two MillerCoors brands, Leinenkugel's Shandy and Henry's Hard Soda, in March into the Canadian market. Also, we will soon add Coors Edge, a new non-alcoholic product introduction complementing our current 0.0 offering in this rapidly growing segment, that's from Heineken 0.0. Finally, as we look to ongoing productivity improvements, the build-out of our new highly efficient brewery in B.C. is on track for brewing in the next year and planning for our new brewery in Québec is advancing quickly. In Europe, we'll continue to use a balanced portfolio approach, disciplined retail execution and optimization of our brewery network and infrastructure. The impact of the recently revised excise-tax guidelines and the increased investment in strengthening our First Choice Agenda will continue through the balance of 2018, as we seek to grow top and bottom line sustainably. When modeling the results of Europe, we currently anticipate a low-single-digit impact per quarter to NSR per hectoliter for the remainder of the year and it's also important to note the changes in pension accounting this year that are outlined in our earnings release. Our commercial teams will build on our positive momentum by further strengthening our national champion brands, including Carling, our largest brand in Europe. As we approach peak beer and cider selling season, we are also excited about the potential we see for the Aspall business, which provides another above-premium cider brand as we further premiumize our U.K. portfolio. Our balanced portfolio approach also relies on continuing commitment to maintain and improve our customer relationships as we continue to drive our First Choice Agenda. In 2017, our International business broke through to EBITDA profitability as we expanded our geographic footprint and added significant brand scale and we expect significant additional bottom line progress in 2018 as mentioned earlier. This business will continue to utilize an asset-light model in select markets, and our efforts will focus on Coors Light, MGD and Miller Lite. Our growth strategy includes several high-potential markets and success in these markets will play a pivotal role in reaching our long-term top and bottom line international growth targets. Across Molson Coors, our teams are focused on our first priority, which is to drive margin expansion, bottom line growth and strong free cash flow to enable deleverage. Our second priority remains to deliver an improved top line through our First Choice commercial excellence approach, which provides the most sustainable source of profit growth over the medium to long term. Capital allocation within our business continues to be guided by our Profit after Capital Charge or PACC approach, as we seek to deliver total shareholder returns. Our regional business plans are clear and consistent with these priorities and we remain committed to delivering our full-year 2018 plans. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, just a quick comment, as usual, our prepared remarks and slides will be on our website for your reference later this afternoon. Dave Dunnewald and Kevin Kim will be available via telephone or email to assist with any additional questions you may have regarding our quarterly results. And additionally, in the next two months, we hope to see many of you at two events. Firstly, we'll hold our Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Wednesday, May 23, 2018, in Denver, and secondly, we'll host our Annual New York Investor/Analyst Day at the New York Stock Exchange on the afternoon of Wednesday, June 6 of this year. So, at this point, Alison, we'd like to open up for questions, please. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question will come from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. I've got a question, I guess, related to, in the U.S., the gap between sales to wholesalers and sales to retailers and I guess there's kind of two parts to it. One is, I guess, as you had shipment issues out of the Golden brewery, has that at all affected service levels and affected sort of consumption at all, so there've been added stocks or any effect sort of in the commercial aspect of it? And then, the second, again, related to this gap is, has there been any retail inventory destocking? And I asked in the context of some large retailers have begun to kind of clean up inventory in the back room. And so, just curious to the extent that that's affected your businesses and, if it has, will that sort to be a permanent reduction in retail export? Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hey. Thanks, Bryan. Let me just give you a headline and then, Gavin, if you want to pick up the specific. I mean, I think the important thing is if you take a half step back here and just look at our market share performance, so really look at the demand in the marketplace at consumer level, our market share performance has remained very consistent from a trend perspective. So, I think, at a higher level, you can see that it hasn't really had an impact on our underlying market competitiveness. But, clearly, behind that, there are always puts and takes. So, Gavin, do you want to talk just a little bit about some of the puts and takes on STWs versus STRs?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Mark. Good morning, Bryan. Look, I mean, it's clear that we have had some out of stocks because of the Golden brewery rollout of our new system. It's been relatively more significant in our Central and Pacific Northwest regions and, to a limited degree, in the Great Lakes, while the rest of the country wasn't impacted. From a retail point of view, Bryan, I would say no. I mean, the retailers have, for some time, been taking SKUs levels down. That has actually resulted in increased velocity for some of our faster-moving SKUs. So, I would say no to the second part of your question. And if you look more broadly at STRs and STWs with STWs being down about 6.7%, if you took into account the change in the inventory levels and the impact on shipments, our trend would be much closer to the STR level of down 3.8%.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Gavin.
Operator: Our next question will come from Robert Ottenstein of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you very much. Could you give us a little bit more color on your 1.4% increase in revenue per hectoliter in the U.S., which was pretty strong? But you noted that mix was negative. So, how much was price up and what were the drivers on the negative mix? Just a little bit more understanding of that number, please.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Robert. Sure. So, again, I'll ask Gavin to talk to that. I mean, I think, just to add to your question, one of the important things to recognize is if you look right across our business, we've seen strong focus and strong development of our NSR per hectoliter performance. And I think that's testament just to the way that we're really driving our pricing and revenue management capability in our business. But if you want to dive a bit deeper into the U.S., Gav, do you want to just talk about the relative price mix combination?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Sure, Mark. On a comparable basis, Robert, and that excludes the impact of the new revenue recognition accounting guidance, our domestic net sales per hectoliter grew 1.4%. Sales mix was negative by about 90 basis points. That implies growth of 2.3% against net price components. That net price portion does include a benefit from our portion of the federal excise tax law change that reduced it to $16 a barrel for the first 6 million barrels. So, that's in these numbers. And remember, we did pass along 30% of our saving across to our distributors in terms of our economic model. And that would probably about 50 basis points. Our negative sales mix was primarily driven by package mix and it was led by the success of the Keystone 15 packs. Our economy strategies are working really well as you can see by the growth in Keystone, Hamm's and Steel Reserve Alloy Series and, of course, we like the success of our economy strategy, but unfortunately it has a negative impact on mix, which did offset the strong growth of Peroni and Crispin and other regional crafts. Going forward, we're going to stay highly focused on increasing our share of above-premium. We got lots of opportunity to do that, Robert. In Q2, we will ramp up our efforts on Sol and Arnold Palmer Spiked as Mark said in his opening remarks. And we're going to build on Leinie's Summer Shandy volume. Our regional craft companies are going to drive positive mix and so will Blue Moon as we come out of our supply challenges that we've experienced together with the introduction of that new 15 pack and the 24-ounce singles. And we are going to increase our media pressure behind the brand. From a mix point of view, Redd's remains a challenge and we're going to continue to optimize our flavor profiles and with Redd's Wicked, we're going to increase our spend behind that brand. So, given all these efforts, we would expect our mix to improve over the balance of the year.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Yeah. Thanks, Gavin.
Operator: Our next question will come from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Just I wanted to, Mark and Gavin, just to clarify, I mean the 3.8% that you've alluded to on the release was the STRs, I understand. So, in the balance of the year, what do you think those STRs will likely migrate to in the context of your guidance, what you can control in terms of how you're seeing the balance of the quarter? And if you can give us any sort of quarter to-date approximate number, that will be helpful. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hey, Andrea. It's Mark here. We don't give that level of guidance either within quarter or on a full-year basis in relation to our volumes. And I think, again, if you take a step back, our market share performance remained consistent in the first quarter with what we've seen over the course of the last number of quarters. I think Gavin and I's view would be that we expect the U.S. industry to be more in line with, I would say, the historical medium-term trends. So, that's how we are planning our business as we look through the balance of this year. So, we don't give specific STR guidance.
Operator: Our next question will come from Stephen Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Stephen Robert Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks. Good morning.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hey, Stephen.
Stephen Robert Powers - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: So, you guys in the category are obviously off to a tough start, but you've maintained the full-year outlook despite what I'm hearing as incremental headwinds in aluminum and international COGS and freight and fuel. So, I guess what I'm trying to get underneath is what gets better as the year progresses, as you sequence away from Q1. It doesn't look like you're pulling forward any savings from the future or funding new savings. So, again, I'm struggling for where the offset is in your outlook. And perhaps as you're answering that, you could talk about what you're expecting shipment trends to look like for the remainder of the year and just how clear your visibility is really in the context of Golden that the U.S. sales, the wholesalers will fully correct as the year progresses. Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Stephen, let me try and kind of break that down for you. So, to take your last point first, I think we've been consistent. We always try and ship to consumption. So, we expect the relationship between our STWs and our STRs to be in balance by the year-end. So, the imbalance you've seen in the first quarter, we expect to reverse both from a volume and a gross margin perspective through the second half of this year. I think if you then come and look at our total performance, the one thing to bear in mind is that if you look through 2015, 2016 and 2017 on a full-year basis, we've always delivered on our full-year commitments and even when we've had some volatile quarters. So, Q1 of this year is a little bit unusual. There's a couple of big events in there which are unusual and that's why we believe we are still committed to our guidance for this year. If you look historically, the first quarter is only about 14% or 15% of our total profit. So, we've still got the majority of the year ahead of us from a profit delivery perspective. And we've talked again very consistently about the fact that we've retained flexibility in our P&L to deal with either opportunities or headwinds emerge. And we've done that, I think, very successfully over the course of the last two or three years. So, big picture, we've consistently delivered on our full-year performance. We remain committed to our guidance and our full-year plans for this year and we've got the majority of our profits still to deliver through Q2 to Q4. So, that's probably the best context I can give you.
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: And, Mark, if I could just add there as well and, Stephen, just to talk a little bit about the COGS side, so we do have a very robust hedging program. We're not fully hedged, but that does provide partial protection to our COGS line. And then, as Mark has mentioned around flexibility in our P&L, there are levers that we can pull and we've shown that in the past that we can do that in order to protect our bottom line and deliver on our medium-term guidance as well as our guidance for 2018.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Tracey. Thanks, Stephen, for the question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dara Mohsenian of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. So, just to follow up on Steve's question, I'm just wondering – I know you won't give us a specific number, but have your expectations changed on the U.S. volume front in terms of your delivery of that full-year guidance? And then, the real question is you basically highlighted that weather drove a lot of the U.S. industry softness in the quarter. Presumably, there are other factors also. So, just wanted to get your view around the industry softness? How much of that is temporary? Are you expecting a recovery in the balance of the year? How are you guys thinking about that? And then, I guess last, given the volume softness, any changes in plans for the way you manage the business in the remainder of the year, either on the pricing front or in terms of marketing investment behind the business? Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Dara, it's Mark here. So, let me again try and break that down for you. From our U.S. industry guidance perspective, it's really as per my previous comments, which we expect the balance of the year to be more in line with what we would see as kind of the medium-term historic trends. Clearly, as we have come into this year with the first quarter being softer, as you'd expect in real time, we continue to manage our investment allocation by brands. We tend to plan very much on a spend per hectoliter basis. So, if volumes are higher or lower, then we can flex or spend accordingly. The good news is that because of the disciplines we have in our business around pricing and revenue management and the utilization of our ROMI model, that gives us flexibility as we go through the year. So, the last thing our business needs is any change in the strategy, but clearly, our tactics will continue to evolve as we go through this year and take kind of competitive pressures, industry headwinds, et cetera, but that's pretty normal. And I really would come back to the fact that the first quarter is relatively small. There's a couple of unusual events there. And as an executive team, we are still very committed to a full-year plan and our full-year guidance and we believe we have the flexibility in our P&L to deliver against that accountability.
Operator: Our next question will come from Amit Sharma with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, Amit.
Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets (United States): A couple of modeling question I'll maybe go on (38:14). One is the ordering problems in the Golden brewery, are they fully behind us or you expect them to continue to have some impact in the second quarter? And then, Mark, you talked about having more flexibility and more levers there. And I appreciate your answer about having your spending tied to per hectoliter, but how much of that is contingent on competitive environment in the Premium Light segment? If you see more promotions and stronger competition, does it change your view on the spending level here?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Amit. Gavin, do you want to just talk a little bit about our progress in relation to the Golden brewery? And then, I'll pick up P&L flexibility unless you've got specific perspective on the Premium Light segment, but start with Golden brewery.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Good. Thanks, Mark. Good morning, Amit. Look, I mean, in February, as you know we went live with the new draft system in Golden and we had a slow ramp-up than we experienced – than we were expecting. We encountered a few challenges primarily with the brewery warehouse system that slowed our loading and shipping capability. And because of that, we did deal with low inventory and some out of stocks on some brands and PACCs. We've made progress in hitting our production and shipping targets. And though we're not quite fully caught up, we continue to drive progress to ensure that we're positioned well for summer. And as it relates to going forward, obviously, we'll make the necessary adjustments to ensure a successful implementation at our upcoming rollout, specifically building more inventory at a distributor level than we did with Golden. I'd just also point out that Golden is one of the largest and most complex breweries in the world and we do expect our next rollouts to be smoother than that. From an industry point of view, Mark, I would only add one thing to what you've said and that is that most of our plans and activities that we've got for this year started in the second quarter and weren't there in the first. And rollout of Sol, for example, which Mark mentioned in his opening remarks, are a new and enhanced marketing campaign behind Coors Light. All of these things are starting in the second quarter.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Gavin. And, Amit, just to add, in terms of P&L flexibility in the Premium Light segment, we don't see anything unusual happening in the Premium Light segment from a competitive perspective. We are very clear about what our brands stand for, the consistency of positioning, the way that we're dramatizing that. Clearly, the dramatization of the Coors Light positioning in 2017 didn't meet our expectations and that's why we've sharpened that quite dramatically as we've come into 2018. And the take-up and buy-in to the promotional activity we've got across our distributor network and Coors Light in particular and our partnership with YETI across the summer to really underpin the World's Most Refreshing Beer is the strongest we've seen for many, many years. So, we've got the flexibility, but we've got the plans there and we're going to drive those plans very consistently.
Operator: Our next question will come from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. So, I guess I had a couple of follow-ups. First, just in terms of the industry volume in the first quarter to down 3.8%, it does seem like that's a lot worse than what you or what we saw in the scanned data and clearly a big step-down in terms of the industry volume being down 0.5% to 1%. So, is this the other channel – sort of the non-measured channel that's doing worse? And I'm just really trying to reconcile the Nielsen volume versus the 3.8% number. And it also implies in some of the other players at the high-end that's been gaining market share, if your market share was consistent, was actually not as strong. So, can you just talk about what's happened to the industry, broadly some of the channel dynamics and some of the high-end dynamics for your other players? And then, I guess the broader question is just as we think about your performance also in the high-end, I mean I know that you've got a lot of plans in place to accelerate the growth, but you're seeing brands like Twisted Tea and Mike's Hard really doing very well from a volume growth performance standpoint. And I'm just wondering why you're not doing better, particularly in the high-end segment? Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hey. Thanks, Judy. So, Gavin, do you want to pick up on the high-end performance in the U.S. in a second? Judy, on the industry piece, obviously, we've talked to the fact that our STRs are down 3.8%. Consolidated U.S. industry in the first quarter was down about 2.3%. So, clearly, when you're looking at the scanner data, that's only given you a sub-segment of overall industry performance. So, total industry was down about 2.3% is our best and kind of the – I think consolidated U.S. industry estimate. And as I mentioned, our share trends really didn't move as we came through the first quarter. Clearly, our ambition is to improve those share trends over time as to all of the portfolio work that we're doing. So, hopefully, that gives you a little bit color on broader U.S. industry trends. Gavin, I don't know whether you'd want to add anything to that. And then, do you want to talk specifically just about the focus we've got on getting our above-premium moving more positively?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Sure, Mark. Look, Judy, we've made progress on above-premium, but we've got lots of opportunity there and we're excited about the activity, which largely, as I said, kicked off in the second quarter. We've got our new partnership with Heineken for the import rights to Sol and we've not been able to play in the Mexican import category. And as Mark said in his opening remarks, the initial reaction to Sol has been very positive from both our distributors and from our retailers and more recently, obviously because it hasn't been in the market long, from our consumers. We've got the partnership with AriZona to sell Arnold Palmer Spiked and really we launched that with the 24-ounce cans with one retail chain customer and that did particularly well during the launch. And the 6-packs have only been out in the market for the last 30 days or so and we're seeing a strong uptake on that, which frankly is in direct competition with Twisted Tea, but it is really very early efforts. And we have expansion efforts around our craft acquisitions. We've also got new packaging as I referred to, we've got brand innovations in Blue Moon, we've got it in Leinie's with the Summer Shandy 24-ounce, Crispin Rosé is doing particularly nicely tapping into the rosé segment and we just launched our Henry's Hard Seltzer in slim cans, which is the consumer-preferred pack and our variety pack is doing particularly well. So, I think we've got a lot of activity going on in above-premium, which will further drive growth in that segment for us. Obviously, Redd's remains a challenge for us and we've sharpened the packaging and we're sharpening our flavor profile with both Redd's and Redd's Wicked and we expect that to have positive benefit going forward.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. So, I mean, Gavin, just to kind of try and tie all of that together for you, Judy. I mean, we are still underrepresented in terms of proportion of our above-premium portfolio. It's an enormous opportunity for us as a business. We've made, I think, very positive strides over the last few years and my belief is that there's still a lot of runway for us to go out. Our craft portfolio is in great shape and I believe that there's significant growth still to come from craft. And we're now in hard tea, which we've never been in before. We've got a 1-2 punch on the import segment with Peroni, which is growing strongly, and Sol combined with that and with our FMBs as Gavin mentioned, Redd's is unsatisfactory from a performance perspective and that needs to remain essential to our focus. And in the hard seltzers segment, we know of the pack that we didn't have last year, which is the slim cans and allows us to compete more assertively. And our innovation team continued to work on a range of further additions to that portfolio over time. So, I would say we're in pretty good shape and there's a lot of opportunity ahead of us and the team really are focused on exploiting this opportunity.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vivien Azer with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Vivien.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: So, I wanted to ask a bigger picture question and it's one that I get from investors a lot and it's thinking about kind of the ultimate trough (47:13) share that we could see for the beer category within total beverage alcohol. One of the ways that I've tried to think about it is with age cohort segmentation, seemingly younger consumers drink across a multitude of categories which is perhaps different from a legacy beer drinker who would have been more of a category loyalist. So, can you offer any color on your own consumer insights work around beer preference by age cohort and how that informs how you're thinking about beer category share in a broader context over time? Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: And, Vivien, I'm assuming you're just referring to the U.S. as opposed to globally or any other specific market?
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Just the U.S., please. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. I mean, to be fair, that's a relatively long conversation. I think it's something we'd probably like to do on a pedestal and share with you when we get together in June. I don't know, Gavin, whether you'd want to offer any kind of just key headlines at this stage, but I think it's a critical question and it's certainly something we want to talk about as part of the context setting when we've got a little bit more time in our New York meeting. But, Gavin, any headlines you'd want to offer from a U.S. perspective at this point in time?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Sure, Mark. And good morning, Vivien. Look, I mean, growth in wines and spirits has continued. There's no doubt about that. And consumer demographics, particularly with the younger millennial, the 21 to 27-year old has shifted with their preference shifting from beer to wine and spirits. The beer industry, overall, has become increasingly fragmented with a vast array of SKUs which has hurt us from a category point of view. And there are a number of additional factors. You could call them macro cuts (49:00), right, such as cannabis and that is affecting the industry. So, question is what are we doing about it? And I think from an innovation point of view, we're doing a lot about it. Without wishing to be repetitive, we launched Arnold Palmer Spiked, we've launched Crispin Rosé to tap into the wine drinkers, Zima draws a lot of its drinkers from outside of the beer category, as does Henry's Hard Soda and Henry's Hard Sparkling. Redd's Wicked, (49:27) comes from spirits primarily, as does Steel Reserve Alloy Series. And more recently, we've introduced Two Hats into the economy space, which is a light-bodied lager with a little bit of flavor, which is specifically crafted to attract the 21 to 27-year old and get them to reconsider beers. So, as Mark says, we can get into more detail in June, but that would be a high-level commentary.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. And I think the only thing I would add to that, Vivien, is again, if you take a step back, the U.S. beer industry from a margin-filled perspective continues to expand and still accounts for 25% of the global beer profit build (50:09). So, we got to be a little bit careful that we don't get overly anxious about the U.S. beer industry when it's, A, so large, and, B, continuing to expand from a margin perspective. Beer clearly needs to respond and our portfolio need to respond and we're absolutely in the middle of doing that, but it's something that takes time and we've seen that in other markets, other developed markets around the world as well. So, I really look forward to that, can have a longer conversation on that topic when we get together in New York.
Operator: And our next question will come from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Lauren.
Lauren R. Lieberman - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, just looking at the profit performance in Canada, just as a starting point to this question – with the revenue shortfall, it looks like you managed to protect profitability really well there. So, with that as the backdrop, I was curious if you could talk a little about whether or not in Europe, outside of the year-over-year $50 million comparison and also in corporate expense, it looks like those two, there were some, I don't know, big swings versus how people were thinking about things and those had a huge impact on where EBITDA came in versus expectations bigger frankly than the shortfall in the U.S. So, if you could just talk about if those things were sort of in line with your budgeting given that you don't give quarterly guidance and also the degree to which you did manage operating expenses relative to volume performance in the U.S., because also again you cited $30 million gross profit impact from supply chain issues and that's roughly what EBITDA missed by in the U.S. versus my numbers. So, to throw my arms around (51:56) kind of that protecting profitability and how much we saw that actually during the quarter underlying the reported aggregate results. Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Lauren. I think I managed to capture all of the components. So, let me try and unpack that for you. Back to Canada, I think you've recognized the continuing improvement there from an EBITDA perspective. Clearly, our revenue was impacted by the new revenue recognition methodology, but I feel good about the progress we're making in Canada and particularly the ongoing premiumization of our portfolio and the simplification of our below-premium portfolio. Europe, I think, has been a very consistent success story over the course of the last two or three years under Simon's leadership. And from the top to the bottom of the P&L and from a cash flow perspective, we've seen very strong performance. It's muddier or more opaque in the first quarter because of the indirect tax provision lapping year-on-year and some of the changes to revenue recognition and the excise tax policy as well. So, that makes things a little bit tricky to follow, but volumes up, shares up, underlying EBITDA continues to progress very positively. Corporate expense, Tracey, do you want to just talk to corporate expense?
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Sure. So, Lauren, if you're looking at our Q1 corporate expense versus last year, just a reminder, we were still ramping up the investments in our Centers of Excellence last quarter. So, that will be the big driver to this year, but our guidance for the full year is in line with our 2017 numbers. And as a reminder, the guidance is $180 million, plus or minus 10%. So, there's no significant increase in our corporate expense from prior year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Swartzberg with Stifel Financial. Please go ahead.
Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Hey. Good morning, everyone. Tracey...
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Mark.
Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hey, Mark. Tracey, I guess this question is directed to you and it's really around the sensitivity on the $1.5 billion in free cash flow. If we assume your U.S. share and mix objectives are met, but say the industry is 2 points weaker than you're building into that $1.5 billion, can you give us a sense of how sensitive that is? I mean I have my own view just by running the numbers, but does that put you at the 90% level of the $1.5 billion? Does that put you below that number? Just trying to get a sense of that.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Tracey and you go (54:37).
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. So – and Mark, yeah, we committed to our guidance of $1.5 billion, plus or minus 10%, for this year. And just a couple of drivers of that in terms of levers, so obviously our income is a driver and that's why it's so important for us to deliver against our cost savings target, so that we can protect that bottom line and the EBITDA margin guidance that we have given. But some of the other levers in our balance sheet and our free cash flow is obviously working capital, so there's timing of working capital at year-end as well that impacts that as well as a lever to pull would be around our discretionary CapEx. So, whether we invest discretionary CapEx or not would be something that we could potentially look at, but we're committed to our guidance of $1.5 billion for this year.
Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes. Thank you, Tracey.
Operator: And our next question will come from Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Please go ahead.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you. Look, it's a very simplistic question. So, the industry in the first quarter in total channels, you said was down 2.3%. And if I recall, last year, it was down 1.3% in total channels. I think the number comes from Anheuser-Busch. So, significant worsening in the first quarter. Can you try to say whether there's a lot of weather effect there or whether that's more secular-related in terms of the worsening? I'm just trying to get a picture of where we are in terms of industry volume trends. The first quarter much worse than last year, but how much of that was one-off? And related to that, we're hearing a lot of noise about pricing, but, obviously, you have given us some very constructive pricing commentary in terms of your company. So, just give us some color in terms of how we should be thinking about the pricing outlook. I have a follow-up, but if you can answer that, please, because at the end of the day, your share price is down to the levels of October 2015 before the SABMiller deal. So, I'm just trying to think in terms of what can get better here. You can answer that, but if you can touch on those two numbers, please. Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Pablo, and I'll ask Gavin to talk to kind of what's happening from a pricing perspective. I mean I think your last comment was quite an important comment as well, because if you, again, take a step back and just look at our company, so the Molson Coors Brewing Company, at the end of 2015 versus where we finished up at the end of 2017, our volume is up 62%, our EBITDA is up 81% and our free cash flow is up over 100%. And if you look at our free cash flow yield, which is running at double digits compared to the CPG segment, it's very, very competitive. So, I feel that as an organization from a scale perspective and a platform perspective, we put ourself in great position while also recapturing our, kind of, independence, which gives us much more flexibility going forward. So, I think it's an important context point we can't lose sight although as we look at some nuances on a quarter-by-quarter basis. So, that would be, kind of, a headline reaction to your comment on stock price. If you come back to the industry in U.S., again I would reiterate the fact that the U.S. beer market is a great place to compete from a margin and profit pool perspective. Clearly, U.S. industry on a full-year basis in 2017 was down about 1%, first quarter is down 2.3%. Our belief is that a big part of that has to do with very poor weather year-on-year. I think Gavin was mentioning that February in 2017 was probably the hottest or second hottest February on records. It was awful this year and beer is affected by that. So, I'm not unduly concerned by some of the short-term trends we've seen from an industry demand perspective. And we have a 25% share. We don't have 75% in the market. That's a big opportunity for us alongside the premiumization of our portfolio. So, those are a couple of context points relating to, I think, two of your questions. Gavin, do you want to talk a little bit about, I think, Pablo mentioned pricing noise in the marketplace?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Sure, Mark. And the only other thing I would add to your weather comment is in the very few states where the weather has been fairly comparable to last year 2017 in the first quarter, our trends have actually been much better than the overall MillerCoors trends. I'd start Florida (59:08) as an example. From a pricing point of view, our domestic net sales revenue per hectoliter has been pretty consistent for the last four quarters, Pablo. I've given you some direction and insight into how we think mix will look for the balance of the year. And I would just add to that, that most of – in fact all our mix negativity in the first quarter is driven by package mix. In fact, our brand mix was slightly positive. As far as current activity, you always get activity going into the summer selling season and the first big holiday of Memorial Day and nothing terribly different to what we've experienced in prior years.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Thanks, Gavin.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Alison?
Operator: And our next question will come from Brett Cooper of Consumer Edge Research. Please go ahead.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Hi. Big question on – again, you guys a while back obviously were targeting flat volumes in 2018, growth in 2019 and clearly you stepped back from that. But I was wondering if you can reflect back and see where the shortfalls all are relative to you getting back, so I think what that would imply is a relatively stable market share. And then, as you go forward, there's obviously an emphasis on FMBs and flavors and things like that. If you could just offer thoughts on the ability for you guys to bank that as sustainable volume as opposed to, I think, what we've seen in FMBs and things like Redd's where you get a lot of trial, but repeat doesn't hold, if it's year two or year three beyond. Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. So, Gavin, why don't you pick up thoughts around FMBs? And, Fred, if you've got any perspectives on that as well in relation to Canada on the basis that we're now moving Henry's up into Canada, that would be helpful. On your first question around flat in 2018 and growth in 2019, if you remember that, firstly, it's a strategic imperative for us to get our business stabilize from a volume perspective in the U.S. and then back into growth. And I'm not prepared and our executive team is not prepared for us to continue to watch volume disappear in the U.S. in such an important beer market. The assumption around the aspiration really related to the fact that we assume that the beer industry will be relatively flat over the course of 2017 and 2018. Clearly, the beer industry has been softer than that. It doesn't change the strategic intent or aspiration that we have, but as I've said consistently, we will not do that at any cost and we'll do that in a methodical sustainable way. And if it takes us longer to get there, then so be it. It's tough work, it's important work and it's work that we are committed to. So, we still have the same aspiration to get our business stabilized from a volume perspective in the U.S. You've seen some of the additions to the portfolio this year. And we continue to work on other opportunities as we look out into the future as well. Gavin, do you want to talk a little bit about the FMBs and the importance to above-premium portfolio?
Gavin D.K. Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Sure, Mark. Look, I mean, just to reiterate what I said, right. I mean, FMB statement is a very competitive segment. And Redd's is a very large brand within that segment and we had remarkable success with Redd's when we launched them in 2015 and part of 2016. It got our annual volume to around 1 billion barrels. This is a big brand for us. It generates profitability for us. And despite its challenges recently, it remains a big and profitable brand for us. Redd's Wicked is – we're pleased with the performance of Redd's Wicked and we're leaning in hard there with new flavors. For example, Redd's Wicked Lemonade, which will be coming out shortly and we believe will challenge our competitors. And then, I spoke to Arnold Palmer Spiked, I spoke to sparkling water category, which we believe is sticky. We believe that's a category that will stay and grow and we intend to be strong participants in that with our new slim can and the variety pack, which we've just launched. And then, of course, we've got Zima, which had a remarkable comeback last year and we're increasing our production and volume for that brand and we're actually lengthening its period, which it will be in the market from a Memorial Day point of view. So, that's how I would summarize our view on the Flavored Malt Beverage category.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. So, just a full stop on that, Brett, it's big, it's important and it will remain an important part of our portfolio and a lot of our existing brand efforts and our innovation thinking is designed to ensure that we participate fully in terms of the broader flavor opportunities I described from an adjacency perspective to be or so, you'll see more from it as we leave 2018 and go into 2019. So, more of that in due course.
Operator: And our next question will come from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Oh, thank you for taking a follow-up. Tracey, I had just a quick question on your COGS. So, I think for commodity inflation, you talked about $110 million headwind this year. Can you tell us how much that was incurred in Q1?
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: No. Judy, we don't split it up in a detail quarter-by-quarter. So, it's really what we're looking at for the full year 2018 versus our full year of 2017. So, we don't have the detail by quarter.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Tracey.
Operator: Okay. And ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Hunter for any closing remarks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Alison. Thanks, everybody, for the time and attention this morning. We obviously look forward to seeing you in June in New York. Just as a reminder, as a leadership team, we continue to be fully committed to our 2018 plans. There's been no change to our guidance that would come to a small volatile quarter with a couple of big and moving parts in it, but we remain consistent behind our strategy around our portfolio, premiumization of our portfolio, our customer relationships and principally this primary focus on our cash generation deleveraging margin expansion. For 2018, we remain committed to that plan and we remain committed to our guidance. And we look forward to talking to you in more detail and sharing some of our emerging plans and talking about our capital allocation policy as well when we get together with you in New York in June. So, thanks for your time and attention. We look forward to the follow-ups in due course. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-14 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Hunter - President & CEO Tracey Joubert - CFO Gavin Hattersley - COO, U.S. Business Dave Dunnewald - Global VP, IR
Analysts: Andrea Teixeira - JP Morgan Stephen Powers - Deutsche Bank Vivien Azer - Cowen & Company Eunjoo Hong - Goldman Sachs Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Amit Sharma - BMO Capital Markets Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Lauren Lieberman - Barclays Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Financial
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the Company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the Company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The Company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by the Company's executive in discussing the Company's performance, please visit the Company's website at www.molsoncoors.com and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars and consolidated, and U.S. segment results are presented versus pro forma results a year ago, which reflect the acquisition of MillerCoors as if it and the related financing had occurred on January 1, 2016. Following the prepared remarks this morning, management will take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Mark Hunter: Thank you, Phil, and hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call, and many thanks for joining today. With me on the call this morning from Molson Coors, we have Tracey Joubert, our Global CFO; Gavin Hattersley, the COO of our U.S. business; Fred Landtmeters, our Canada CEO; Simon Cox, the CEO of our Europe business; Sergey Yeskov, our new International CEO; who earlier this year moved over from leading our commercial teams in Canada; Lee Reichert, our incoming Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer; Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, the Global VP of Investor Relations. Now before diving into results, I wanted to take a moment to publicly recognize a couple of people. Firstly, Sam Walker, who's led our legal and corporate affairs team and has been on our executive team for almost 13 years; Sam is retiring from our business at the end of this month to pursue an exciting opportunity in the public service sector in Colorado. For me personally, three enormous change; Sam has been a trusted adviser, good friend, and a constant champion for our Company and everything it stands and strives for. These are big shoes to fill in, and we're delighted to have Lee Reichert ready to step into this important role next month. Secondly, I want to recognize Dave Dunnewald, our Investors Relations VP; who has announced he will retire in the first half of this year. Dave celebrates 35 years' service this year and started when our beers were only sold in 18 Western states. For the last 26 year, Dave has led our IR efforts; he has led 113 quarters of earnings calls and has seen our enterprise value grow from less than $1 billion to almost $30 billion. Well done, Dave, and thank you. And best wishes to you as you step into your next chapter. So back to business; and today, Tracey and I will take you through our path to drive long-term total shareholder returns, highlighting fourth quarter and full year 2017 results and discuss our outlook for the business. We're also offering slides to show results on Investors Relations page of our website. 2017 marked the first full year of the bigger, stronger Molson Coors, and our full year results demonstrated balance and progress against both, our bottom line and top line growth. Integration, synergies and cost savings were all delivered on or ahead of plan by engaged employees around the world to align buying their First Choice for consumer and customer ambition. Our primary focus remained on driving margin expansion and bottom line growth with emphasis on productivity and cost savings, efficient commercial investments, and deleverage to maintain our investment grade debt ratings. Secondly, we remain focused on delivering an improved top line through our commercial excellence approach, which provides a more sustainable source of profit growth over the medium to longer term. Capital allocation within our business continues to be guided by our Profit After Capital Charge or PACC approach as we seek to deliver total shareholder returns.  For the full year versus pro forma results a year ago, we over-delivered on cost savings and free cash flow and optimized commercial spending, delivering a very strong net income growth, underlying EBITDA margin expansion of 77 basis points and underlying EBITDA growth of 3.7%. We also strengthened our balance sheet by more than $900 million through debt pay down and pension contribution as part of our deleveraging strategy. This was complemented by an improving top line with global brand volume growth of 1% and net sales per hectoliter growth of 2.6%, driven by enhanced revenue management and portfolio premiumization. We also grew market share in Canada and Europe for the year and delivered positive underlying EBITDA in our International business. Across our business, we continue to focus on portfolio premiumization. Above Premium brand volumes increased 6% in the quarter and 21% for the year, with the full year benefiting from the added Miller international volumes. This Above Premium performance also benefited from strong growth across our global craft portfolio. With this strong growth, Above Premium now represents 20% of our total annual brand volumes. Importantly, we also delivered more than $1.4 billion of underlying free cash flow, as all part of the business drove cash execution and efficiency throughout the year. So if we take a step back from the quarter and the year, our track record over the last few years reflects consistency and earning more, using less and investing wisely. Our enterprise and regional teams have earned more by energizing our core Above Premium and craft portfolio through existing brands, as well as successful bolt-on acquisitions, with Apple Cider in the U.K. being the most recent addition to our portfolio. We're using less by over-delivering on cost savings and as our lower cost to achieve, which is in part driven by closing two breweries in Europe and one in the U.S.; and we've continued to invest wisely with strong free cash flow generation and deleveraged focus. Later this year, we plan to update you regarding how we expect our approach to capital allocation to evolve as we approach our deleverage targets. I personally am very proud of our achievement in 2017 against the backdrop of complex structural and brand portfolio integration. Highly engaged teams across geographies and functions have executed with brilliance and stayed focused on our First Choice ambition and financial goals. Our integration work streams delivered foundational work to drive future productivity and savings, and our commercial team strengthened their brand portfolio and our customer relationships, which will be key to our success as we play to win every day. And now let me turn the call over to Tracey to give you financial highlights. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Mark, and hello, everyone. Let's review our consolidated financial headlines for the fourth quarter versus pro forma results a year ago except for cash flow which is reported on a full year actual basis. Also, keep in mind that in the fourth quarter of 2017, we changed our method of calculating pension plan assets used to determine our net periodic pension costs, which favorably impacted our Canada, Europe and consolidated results.  Net sales increased 4.5% due to positive global pricing, royalty revenue, favorable foreign currency movements and starting [ph] a $50 million indirect tax provision from a year ago, partially offset by lower financial volume. Net sales in constant currency grew 2.4%. Net sales per hectoliter increased 5.8% and 3.7% in constant currency. Worldwide brand volume decreased 1.1% due to lower volume in the U.S. and international, partially offset by growth in Europe and Canada. Global priority brand volume decreased 1.9%, and financial volumes decreased 1.2%, driven by the U.S. Our U.S. GAAP net income increased from a loss last year to income of $588 million this year; this improvement was primarily due to a discrete tax benefit related to that revaluation of our deferred tax balances which resulted from the recent U.S. tax reform along with favorable underlying performance in stocking and impairment charge for the Molson brands in Canada and an indirect tax provision in Europe reported a year ago. Underlying EBITDA increased 17% on a reported basis and increased 14.3% on a constant currency basis. This strong underlying performance was driven by positive pricing, cost savings and MG&A efficiencies, partially offset by the impact of lower volumes, inflation and investments behind our global business capabilities. Results also benefited from indirect tax provision a year ago and higher net pension benefits. Underlying EBITDA margins improved 198 basis points during the quarter. Looking at the full year; net debt of $10.9 billion was more than $600 million lower than at the beginning of the year, despite $280 million of unfavorable foreign currency movements. We also made more than $300 million of contribution to our defined benefit pension plan as part of our overall pension derisking strategy and deleveraging goals. Underlying free cash flow of $1.4 billion was up 68% from actual results last year. The prior guidance was driven by benefits from timing of working capital at the end of the year, as well as capital expenditure reduction. In the past several years, we had made substantial progress in improving the efficiency of our balance sheet to help generate cash and drive higher cash returns on our assets. As seen on this slide, we have a consistent track record of improving working capital as a percentage of sales in each of the past 6 years, and we have more progress to make in the years ahead. For the full year, we improved underlying EBITDA by 4.3% in constant currency with underlying EBITDA margin expansion of 77 basis points for the year. Our top line for the year also benefited from strong net sales per hectoliter growth and total worldwide brand volume up 1%. Now I'd like to share some regional highlights. In the U.S., we grew underlying EBITDA 4.9% in the fourth quarter versus pro forma results last year, driven by higher net pricing, cost savings and lower MG&A expenses, partially offset by cost inflation and lower shipment volume. Overall, U.S. STRs declined 3% for the quarter, and domestic sales to wholesalers declined 1.5%. This quarter marked the 13th consecutive quarter of increased signatory [ph] of Miller Lite elevating the brand to the number 3 beer in America according to Nielsen. Coors Light remains the number 2 beer and completed its 11th consecutive quarter of increased segment share. Our Below Premium brand portfolio was down low-single digits and achieved its best quarterly trend since the third quarter of 2009. We also gained share of segment and industry with our Below Premium brand in the quarter through Nielsen led by the Keystone family.  Our full year U.S. underlying EBITDA increased 2.7% versus pro forma results last year, driven by 1% increase in domestic net sales per hectoliter, cost savings and lower MG&A expenses, partially offset by cost inflation and a 2.9% decrease in domestic STR volumes. For the year, we gained market share within the Premium Light and Premium Regular segments as Coors Banquet completed its 11th consecutive year of growth. And in the Above Premium, Blue Moon Belgian White grew during each quarter and continued to acquire incremental [indiscernible]. Leinenkugel's was up low-single digits for the year, propelled by Summer Shandy's best volume year in the brand's history. For the year, we also held share within the Below Premium segment which was one of our 2017 goals. Our Canada underlying EBITDA declined 4.2% in the fourth quarter on a reported basis and 8.4% on a constant currency basis, driven by inflation and higher distribution cost, partially offset by positive pricing, lower MG&A expenses and favorable foreign currency. Our brand volumes increased 0.8%, and market share during the quarter was consistent with the prior year with share gains in the Above Premium segment. We also drove the top line with 1% net sales per hectoliter growth in constant currency during the quarter. One meaningful portfolio highlight in the premium segment was flat volume on an absolute basis during the quarter. While this benefited from incremental Miller Lite volume, our two biggest brands reflected sequential improvements compared to earlier in the year. Full year results benefited from improving trends in the fourth quarter, however, full year brand volumes declined 0.5% and underlying EBITDA declined 11.6% in constant currency. Full year net sales for per hectoliter grew 2.2% in local currency, reflecting positive net pricing and mix. Our Europe team continues to grow both at the bottom and top line. Fourth quarter underlying EBITDA grew 239.5% in constant currency, driven by higher volumes, positive sales mix and increased net pension benefit, as well as the benefit of cycling indirect tax provision a year ago. Brand volume increased 10.4% in the quarter, primarily due to the addition of Miller brands and the transfer of royalty and export brand volumes across Europe from our International business. But even without the incremental volume, we continue to achieve growth from our core and Above Premium brands which helped drive net sales per hectoliter growth. For the full year, underlying EBITDA grew strongly, driven by volume growth, positive sales mix and higher net pension benefit, along with cycling the indirect tax provision that was booked in the fourth quarter of 2016 and reversed in the first quarter of 2017. We also grew net sales per hectoliter, as well as our market share as brand volumes increased 10.3% in Europe. For our International business, underlying EBITDA was at $0.4 million in the quarter, a $1 million decrease from a year ago, driven by the loss of the Modelo contract in Japan, the transfer of royalty and export brand volume to Europe and high MG&A from the addition of the Miller International business. This was partially offset by the addition of Puerto Rico and volume growth across several Latin American markets. While we were able to grow organic volumes in existing markets, total brand volume decreased 15.1% in the quarter. Reported net sales per hectoliter increased 6.1% due to the favorable sales mix and positive pricing. International full year 2017 underlying EBITDA of $3.5 million represented a $7 million improvement from a loss a year ago. Underlying gross profit increased more than 50% to $87.1 million, which exceeded prior guidance as our Caribbean team was able to mitigate some of the anticipated hurricane impacts. International brand volumes were up 28.9%, and reported net sales per hectoliter increased 0.8%. While our earnings release provides more detail, I want to spend a moment to share the following financial highlights for 2018. Underlying free cash flow of $1.5 billion, plus or minus 10%, which excludes the recently disclosed $330 million cash proceeds related to resolving a purchase price adjustment. As I mentioned earlier, 2018 free cash flow will be tracking some timing of working capital benefits in 2017. Cost savings guidance of $210 million in 2018 is part of our newly increased 3-year savings target of $600 million, up from our previous target of $550 million for 2017 to 2019; this represents an acceleration of the related cost savings into years 1 and 2 of the 3-year program. We now also estimate that our cost to catch-up synergies for the program will be $250 million, down from $350 million previously due to efficiencies in both, capital spending and non-core operating expenses. Delivering on the savings commitments will be particularly important this year given recent increases in input costs such as aluminum and fuel. We currently anticipate an inflation headwind across our company in 2018 that is more than $50 million larger than in 2017, driven by aluminum, diesel fuel and other factors. Please see our earning release this morning for specific cost of goods raised guidance by business unit for 2018. Our cost savings remains a way of life at Molson Coors, and as we have previously committed, we will deliver on the current 3-year cost savings program for 2017 through 2019 which we have just increased to $600 million. We are in the process of developing our next 3-year savings program which will be for 2020 through 2022, and we plan to offer details in the first half of 2019. Following the enactment of U.S. tax reform, we anticipate approximately $200 million of transaction-related cash tax benefits in 2018 and substantial benefits in the 13 years after this year as seen in this slide. Beyond this, we expect additional cash tax benefits from tax reform, primarily related to lower corporate income tax rate and accelerated depreciation of qualified assets for tax. Additionally, following the enactment of U.S. tax reform, we expect an underlying effective tax rate in the range of 18% to 22% in 2018. This rate is 6 to 8 percentage points lower than prior to tax reform and reflects a substantial benefit to offset tax underlying income and earnings per share for our shareholders. We currently expect a long-term effective tax rate in the range of 20% to 24%. Please keep in mind, additional definitive guidance from the U.S. government regarding implementation of the recently passed tax reform legislation could impact this outlook. It is also important to highlight that our 2018 results will be impacted by $850 million of underlying depreciation and amortization, which represents an approximate $50 million increase from 2017. This increase is driven primarily by information system and investments in the U.S., including in our order systems, which will make it easier for our customers to do business with us. Additionally, 2018 results will be impacted by the adoption of the new revenue recognition standard, and pension and OPEB accounting guidance, as well as changes to segment reporting related to pension and other post-retirement benefit costs. With these changes in pension accounting, we expect $46 million of Europe pension income in 2017 to move to our corporate results. The new revenue recognition accounting standard became effective for us at the beginning of 2018 and prior year's results will not be restated. Along with some timing change, we currently anticipate that this change will reduce both, net sales and MG&A expenses by approximately $70 million to $90 million during 2018, primarily within our Canada segment, with no significant impact on net income. The impacts of these accounting changes are discussed in further detail with Input Note 2 of our 2017 Form 10-K. Consistent with last year, our focus in 2018 will be ensuring that our business generates strong cash flow as we strengthen our balance sheet and deliver cost savings while increasing our EBITDA margins over the next 3 to 4 years. As Mark mentioned, we tend to revisit our 3 baskets of capital allocation priorities later this year which include returning cash to shareholders, strengthening our balance sheet and growth opportunities such as M&A and brand investments. But in the near-term, we will focus further on strengthening our balance sheet while maintaining our annual dividends. And at this point, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Tracey. I'll begin the call today by outlining our plans to drive total shareholder returns. Going forward, we believe our ambition to be First Choice of our consumers and customers will be central to our bottom and top line success. Our regional business priorities are clear and consistent. In the U.S. 2017 industry dynamics were challenging, our teams continue to be disciplined, decisive and accountable as we continue to deliver long-term profit growth. We've grown underlying EBITDA in the U.S. substantially since 2009 including in difficult trading conditions. And this year, exemplified that ability as we grew underlying EBITDA 4.9% in the quarter from 2.7% for the full year. We know we have the brands, the plants and the teams to achieve our goals, which includes our growth agenda. Our objective for flat volumes by 2018 and growth by 2019 remains our strategic comparator. While we're not driving for growth at any cost we will strengthen and expand our portfolio, drive investment efficiency through ROMI, or return on marketing investment, and also through global procurement and the use of PACC, and will continue to earn category captainships underpinned by tools such as Building with Beer as these are all steps to help us and our partner to sell more beer, more profitably. Within our brand portfolio, we'll continue to gain segment share in premium, grow in Above Premium and continue to stabilize our Below Premium brand volume. We'll refresh Coors Light packaging and release new creative over the next couple of months while continuing to build momentum buying Miller Lite, the original light beer. Within Above Premium, we'll accelerate our performance by building on solid growth in 2017 from our two national craft brands, Blue Moon Belgian White and Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy, as well as the strong growth of our regional brands including Terrapin, Hop Valley, Revolver, Saint Archer and Colorado Native. Additionally, excitement from our distributor and chain partners for our 2018 innovation lineup is also apparent with tens of thousands of incremental placements already committed. This whole brand will be launched in April with redesign packaging supported by an integrated marketing campaign. Alongside Peroni [ph], which is also accelerating, we will have a strong one-two punch in the import segment. Additionally, and just a past few weeks we've brought to retail Arnold Palmer Spiked [ph], designed to take share in the valuable hard tea segment and Two Hats positioned to bring new legal age drinkers into beer. In Canada, our teams are building on improved 2017 momentum. Our consumer excellence teams will continue to focus on gaining segment share in premium, accelerating our growth in Above Premium and craft and stabilizing our Below Premium brand share. Our number 1 priority for our brands remains on improving the performance of Coors Light and Molson Canadian by refocused marketing, improved customer promotions and stronger commercial execution. Above Premium performance will be driven by Coors Banquet, MGD, Belgian Moon and the Heineken portfolio. In addition to listing and shifting Miller highlights to Canada, we will introduce two further brands from our U.S. portfolio to broaden and deepen our Canadian portfolio later this year. And we're also going out to incremental drinking locations by launching some great tasting innovation in the non-alcohol segment in 2018, with more details to follow in due course. In the customer excellence front, we'll continue to rollout proven best practice tools such as building with beer, and alongside this commercial excellence continues to focus on sales productivity, customer 360 initiatives, and joint business planning resulting in strong and market impact. Supply chain themes in Canada continue with brewery optimization efforts and productivity improvements as we're just over a year from opening our new British Columbia brewery, and the new Montréal brewery is expected to begin production in 2021. In Europe, the environment remains competitive, we'll continue to use our balanced portfolio approach, drive disciplined retail execution and optimize our brewery network. In 2018, there are a few headwinds that are important to remember when modeling the results for our Europe business. In the first quarter, we will be cycling the $30 million indirect tax provision benefit from 2017. In addition, throughout 2018 we will increase investment behind our brands and commercial priorities to further strengthen our First Choice agenda. And lastly, as Tracey highlighted, as a result of the changes in pension accounting we expect $46 million of Europe pension income in 2017 to move to corporate results. Our commercial teams will build on our positive momentum this year by strengthening our national mainstream brands, including Carling, our largest brand in Europe, which further strengthens its overall number 1 position in the U.K. beer market in 2017. For our Above Premium portfolio, 2017's double-digit sales growth reflects the fact that Ice Cold Rocky Mountain refreshment is resonating powerfully with Coors Light consumers in the U.K. and Ireland. Above Premium Staropramen, outside of its domestic market has grown at double-digit rates, and we continue to push the brand into new markets with a check Providence and quality can deliver growth in the Above Premium segments. To accelerate our growth in craft, led by Sharps and Franciscan Well, we've added [indiscernible] brands to our portfolio and with Cider we're building on strong growth by Carling Cider and Rekorderlig with the 2018 acquisition of Asphalt [ph], a growing Cider brand founded in 1720 with a distinct face, place and story that supports our premiumization strategy. Our balanced portfolio approach also relies in continuing commitment to deliver against our focus to become the first choice for customers. We maintained our number 1 supplier ranking in the U.K. advantage retail survey for the multiple grosser off-premise channel, and also recently achieved a number 1 ranking in the multiple on-premise channel for the first time. With integration of that Miller International business largely complete and with nearly 4.4 million hectoliters of total brand volume in 2017, our International business has increased substantially over the past year and is now more than half as big as our Canada business from our volume perspective. We'll continue to utilize an asset-light model in select markets and our efforts will focus on global priority brands, Coors Light, the Miller trademark and Blue Moon. Coors Light maintains strong growth in Latin America last year, and in Mexico passed 1 million hectoliters of brand volume, making it the fourth largest Coors Light market globally. We're currently launching the Miller Lite original white can packaging to more than 20 markets globally, and while still early days, results for this authentic packaging are very positive. Across Molson Coors against a backdrop of integration and challenging market conditions during 2017, we delivered financial and commercial results that demonstrate our balance priorities for bottom and top line growth are working. In 2018, our First Choice focus across regions will continue to strengthen and premiumize our brand portfolio while also deepening our customer relationships. We'll also continue to retain flexibility in our P&L, delivering on our cost savings and remained laser focused in delivering against our cash targets and strengthening our balance sheet. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. As usual our prepared remarks and slides will be in our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Dave Dunnewald and Kevin Kim will be available via telephone or email to assess with any additional questions you may have regarding our quarterly results. With this point, Phil, we'd like to open up for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea Teixeira: I wanted to just cycle back to the synergies and the reinvestment; you had an amazing quarter in terms of flow-through, and it was above what you had initially indicated at the Analyst Day. I was just hoping to see how we should be seeing the cadence for 2018 and if this margin was just a catch-up because, obviously, the first 9 months you had a more challenging environment and you had to defend it. So for the full year, you used to had it like within that guidance. So is there anything that has changed, that made -- I mean, obviously, you had $80 million more than you originally anticipated, but how we should be thinking about the range that you gave us at the in terms of for investment? And how we would layer that through your initial thought about stabilizing volumes in the U.S. in 2018? How should we be thinking of that goal going forward as you have more visibility?
Mark Hunter: There's quite a lot in there so let me try to answer. If you look at our overall cost savings and synergies, we cleared out very clearly our 3-year exploration, and that transformation was one that had increased following the initial synergy assumption. So we increased synergies, and we accelerated those to get us the $550 million over 3 years. We've now increased that number from $550 million to $600 million. And we've made very good progress in year 1. We actually managed to accelerate some of the savings from years 3 and 2 and to year 1, which was very encouraging. That was important because as we came through 2017, some of the inflation assumptions were actually more negative than we'd anticipated, particularly around aluminum and fuel. So it was important that we over-delivered. And there's no real change that we that we think about allocation of savings within our business. Clearly, we're not going to give a formula because it's important that we retain flexibility to use those cost savings as we see appropriate. But obviously, the offset inflation, which was driven principally through commodities, any volume deleverage we're seeing. We're also using some of those cost savings to focus on our global growth and efficiency initiatives. So we set up the next cycle cost savings in our business and things like global shared services and supply chain infrastructure changes are taking place in Canada as a couple of examples, and then a proportion flows through to the bottom line. So that's the way that we tend to look at our cost savings. And alongside those, obviously, as we intimated, we continued to retain flexibility in terms of our overall MG&A to ensure that we deliver EBITDA margin expansion the bottom line improvements. I think the second part of your question, related to the U.S. and I think Gavin and I have been very clear that stabilizing our volume in the U.S. is a strategic imperative ahead of moving into absolute growth that the business and volume terms have declined for the best part of 10 years. Our intent is still to deliver this on 2018. If industry volumes are softer than anticipated, it may take a lot longer to get there but it doesn't change this strategic imperative. And we'll make sure we do that in a manner that allows us to grow even though margins and overall EBITDA. In other words, we're not chasing stabilization and growth at any cost, but growth in a measured and balanced way I think the team demonstrated our ability to do that if you look at our EBITDA performance in the U.S. in the fourth quarter and on a full year basis.
Andrea Teixeira: So the margins that we saw in the fourth quarter there, you see as real, a real improvement over time in the cadence of the synergies? You saw more synergies heading into the fourth quarter? Or they were pretty much balanced throughout the quarters?
Mark Hunter: There were reasonably balanced. And I think what we've said is we're not going to update on a quarterly basis on cost savings and synergies. We'll do that on a full year basis, and we've now giving you an updated guidance and expanded our cost savings aspiration. The thing to bear in mind is, I think, in 2017, inflation giving about $60 million to $65 million ahead of what we anticipated, and we think inflation will grow by about another $50 million as we go into 2018.
Andrea Teixeira: And that's on a global basis, I'm assuming, that number?
Mark Hunter: That's on a global basis, that's correct. And we also mentioned as well in our guidance, we'll be cycling the benefit direct tax provision reversal in 2017 of -- Q1 of 2017. So there's a few puts and takes as you think about 2018. The improvement and solid financial performance of our business is very real for sure.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank.
Stephen Powers: So maybe to build on Andrea's question a little bit, I think we're all impressed with a strong profit and cash performance exiting '17, the raise having objective to better than expected free cash flow for '18. I guess my first question is a bit more detail on where you are sourcing that cast productivity outside from. It sounds like working capital timing played a role. But I'd love also some more color on what drove the decision to spend a bit less than expected on CapEx. And any more color on marketing promotional investment trends that you may be able to offer, that'll be great.
Mark Hunter: You covered full sense of the P&L and balance sheet there, Steve. Tracey, do you want to pick up some perspective on Steve's question?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So if we look at the free cash flow, which I think is the CapEx reporting to that as well. So the free cash flow remains a focus as we look to meet our deleverage commitment to the rating agencies. So when we look at the $1.5 billion, plus or minus 10%, guidance that we're giving for 2018, I think a couple of things to consider. So firstly, we touch on the CapEx. So we actually started speaking about this towards the back half of last year was -- and as we were going through our cost savings and synergies, we found ways to actually spend less behind those initiatives but still continue to deliver the cost savings and synergies, and that spending less came primarily from the CapEx side; so we were able to reduce our CapEx guidance in 2017. And as well in 2018, we'll continue to deliver some CapEx reduction previously thought to be needed around synergies and cost savings through efficiencies and elimination of some projects, so that would not -- that's not timing, that's really efficiencies. And then as we look at some of the other big drivers of the free cash flow, just to think about as you're modeling, the cash taxes will be a bit of a headwind in 2018. So just as a reminder, last year, we strengthened our balance sheet through making additional pension contribution of over $300 million. Our pension contribution regarding to in 2018 is $10 million but because of that contribution last year, we actually received a tax refund. This year, we will be paying cash taxes, so that's assuming that will be a bit of a headwind as well. And then the timing of the working capital; we also just mentioned this in Q3 I believe -- what is difficult to really accurately forecast is mainly in our European business unit -- we cash collections at year-end timing is difficult because we have thousands of customers in different countries. And in 2017, at the end of 2017, we actually -- we had really strong cash collection at year-end so that's a little bit of a timing, also to consider as you look at our free cash flow, both 2017 and 2018. I hope that helps.
Mark Hunter: I think the other thing you mentioned was really around our MG&A spend, particularly the fourth quarter. I think again, we've been very consistent, we'll retain flexibility around our commercial investment, and we're working very hard across our business to drive commercial investment, productivity, principally through the ROMI model but just becomes stronger and stronger in the U.S. and rolled into Canada and it's rolled into the U.K. as well. So really making sure we're driving higher returns out of every existing dollar. And that's allowed us from the back of some of the procurement work we've done as well through get -- give us more flexibility in some of that marketing spend, and we're utilizing that in real time quarter-by-quarter.
Operator: The next question comes from Vivien Azer, Cowen.
Vivien Azer: I wanted to circle back to the U.S. and get your assessment of some of the strategic moves that you made in 2017 and, in particular, some of the price investments that you made at the low end of the portfolio. Would love kind of a postmortem on how that played out relative to your expectations, in particular as it relates to brand interaction across kind of value or economy and Premium Lights?
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Vivien. Gavin, do you want to pick up specifically and everybody of the portfolio strategy across the 3 major segments and what was delivered in 2017?
Gavin Hattersley: Sure. Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everybody. Vivien, the first thing that I would say is from a pricing point of view, actually our pricing was pretty similar, actually was slightly up in Q4 versus Q3, notwithstanding the success we've had with our economy strategy. And as Mark said, when we came into our flat by '18 growth, by '19 mantra [ph], 2 years ago we had three building blocks which we we're focusing on and economy was just one of them. We wanted to halt the decline rates in economy and we wanted to hold share; and as we headed out of the fourth quarter, actually we've done better on both of those dimensions, we've more than halved the decline and we actually grew share in the fourth quarter, Keystone played a part of that and so did Hams [ph]. Premium Lights was the second building block; and there we needed to gain share and obviously, our job in 2018 is to accelerate share. As Tracey said, we gained share of segment for both, Miller Lite and Coors Light in the fourth quarter for the 13th and 11th time, respectively. And then importantly, our Above Premium and as you talk about strategic building blocks, this is where we laid a strong foundation for '17 for action and execution in 2018, particularly around sold, which we're launching on the 1st of April and Arnold Palmer, which we spiked half-from-half which we launched a couple of weeks ago and then building on the growth of the 4 craft companies. And then we also launched Crispin Rose a couple of weeks ago, and that's off to a really solid start. And at the same time, we turned around both Blue Moon and Leinenkugel's, which had a difficult 2016, and both of them grew strongly in 2017 as Mark or Tracey said. Does it cover it for you, Mark?
Mark Hunter: Yes, Gavin, that's clear. Vivien, the only thing I will add and I think it was behind your question; are there any unintended consequences of our focus on Below Premium, and that's something we are monitoring them carefully. We don't believe that the work we've done on Below Premium is having an impact on other parts of our portfolio. The economy drinkers are our Below Premium drinkers in the U.S. are very, very loyal; and our job is to ensure that we compete effectively in that segment for those loyal drinkers. And as we come into this year, we're also looking to ensure that LDA to 24 drinkers joined the beer category through introduction of our Two Hats brands. So we're being very careful about the interaction between the segments and our pricing relativities. And I think we feel pretty good about the strategy and effectiveness of that strategy through 2017.
Operator: The next question comes from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Eunjoo Hong: So a question about the revenue per barrel performance in the U.S. So in the quarter, up 1.4%. If you could break down rate versus mix. And then as we think about 2018, you obviously called out some of the inflationary pressure you're seeing on the cost structure. So should we see a year where your revenue per unit is going to be below your cost per unit? Or is there sort of an attempt to get more pricing in the marketplace as the inflation is creeping up.
Mark Hunter: Okay. So Gavin, do you want to pick up on just on the construct of revenue per barrel in the U.S.? And then Tracey, do want to pick up on 2018 inflation, avoiding any guidance as per Judy's question? Gavin, over to you.
Gavin Hattersley: Judy, as you say, we generated 1.4% the fourth quarter, which was about 20 basis points higher than in the third quarter. If you break it out between sort of a net pricing, that was about 180 basis points, and mix was negative 40 basis points. And that negative mix was entirely associated with the packaged mix as it relates to some of our packaging strategies, primarily in Keystone Light. From an overall pricing point of view, I would just point out that 2017 pricing was actually slightly up over 2016 full year pricing, about 10 basis points. As for as 2018 outlook is concerned, Judy, as Mark said, we don't guide there.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. And then Judy, just in terms of the cost per hectoliter guidance for the U.S., so our guidance is to be up low single-digit for 2018. As Mark also mentioned, the inflation that we are expecting in 2018 is across Molson Coors. This will be more than $50 million higher than we what we saw in 2017.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein from Evercore ISI.
Robert Ottenstein: Wondered if you could help us out, there's been a lot of kind of weird industry data that's come out -- that's making it a little bit hard to for us to discern what's going on; the beer institute, STWs down high-single digits in December. And then there's the IRI data is very positive for January; Nielsen, not so positive. Can you give us any -- and I think it's attested to what timing issue on the scanner data? But can you give us any sense either in terms of your own business or the industry in terms of what happened with the December shipments and what's going on in January, please?
Mark Hunter: Again, assuming your question is specific to U.S., I'll ask Gavin to talk through the detail. Just one thing to remember something from our performance perspective is that our underlying strategy is to shift to consumption. Clearly within our business, there's some pretty significant change initiative still rolling through. So what we call our VPNS or our combined ordering system, which is being going live and golden successfully over the course of the last couple of weeks. And there will be further initiatives on the VPNS initiative as we roll through 2018 and into Q1 2019. But Gavin, can you try and -- try to join the dots differences across the different sources of industry data for December? Is that possible to do?
Gavin Hattersley: That's really tough, Mark. I'm trying to draw a line between all of these different industry sources this quite difficult, Robert. I can tell about us. As Mark said, we said on the third quarter called that we're going to take shipments up a little bit or inventories up a little bit in the fourth quarter. So we did that. We took our inventories up by about a day, which is in line with what we said. And that would've positively impacted shipment volumes by about 120 basis points. So it explains most of the difference between the 3 and the 1.5. I mean, I really can't comment on why industry shipments down in December; that's probably a question you should direct at our competitors. From a Nielsen and other market sources, our share remains pretty consistent with all of those sources. And I think we discontinued giving guidance on January some time ago so I'm not going to give any input into that.
Mark Hunter: The only thing I would add, Gavin and Robert, again if you take a step back, the U.S. industry, beer industry continues to be the largest global profitable in the margin to expand because even with volumes under a little bit of pressure continues to premiumize, so continues to be a great place to compete. And it's probably not something that we get too concerned about in terms of some of the short-term trends and volatility that we see in volume line.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Credit Suisse.
Laurent Grandet: It has been a while since the stock has been that much up, I mean, during the course, so congrats on the good quarter. So I'd like to dig a bit more in term of the tax benefit and the cash redeployment. So the press release provides no information on how the company intends to reinvest tax savings. Could you please tell us how you're planning to redeploy coming from a better tax rate. Do you see a party to invest specifically Coors Light and also the new brands like Sol Arnold Palm [ph]?
Mark Hunter: Let me take the second question part of your question first, and Tracey can talk about the tax benefits and cash uses in our business. I mean, if you look at a horse our organization, our total marketing spend is close to our marketing spend is close to $1.5 billion. We spent close to $1 billion in the U.S. behind our brands. Their view is that we have the flexibility to support the development of our portfolio. So as we bring new brands in, we continue to drive productivity and efficiency in our commercial spend, and we'll invest a rate that we believe will drive the maximum return. That's through in the U.S., Canada and our European business, and I think we've demonstrated our ability to continue to make that happen. So don't expect any kind of material increase or ballooning of commercial investments as we go into 2018. We'll be working our existing dollars very, very hard to drive further productivity and efficiency and impact improvements. Tracey, do you want to talk to tax benefit and cash deployment?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So it's -- I look at the end guidance that we've given our transaction-related cash tax benefit. So we're guiding to approximately $200 million of cash tax benefit. Now that is down from what we had previously given before tax reform, and that's really driven by the reduction in the corporate tax rate. But overall, we are a net beneficiary of the tax reform. I'm not going to, at this stage, give you exactly what those details are, but you can see just from the underlying tax rate that we're now guiding to for 2018, which will be between 18% and 22%. That is significantly lower and will provide a net benefit for us. Just in terms of the uses of the tax benefits, as Mark said, our focus is really on deleveraging our business and strengthening our balance sheet. So we will continue to generate free cash flow to pay down our debt and maintain our investment grade rating. And then as we said earlier, towards the back half of the year as we get closer to that deleverage targets, we will talk about capital allocations.
Operator: The next question comes from Amit Sharma with BMO Capital Markets.
Amit Sharma: Mark, two questions, both on U.S. Understand your about price/mix outlook for '18, but can you talk about industry price environment? If everybody is facing inflation, is there appetite within the industry to take adequate pricing? And then second, just on U.S. volumes, really good to see the discipline on investment and yet be able to grow EBITDA margins. Now if industry or let's say volume weak for the industry for the category, do we still have enough confidence that you continue to grow EBITDA margins with that weaker volume environment?
Mark Hunter: Okay. So Gavin, if you're just going to tune in here and if I miss anything, please share. Certainly, on the price/mix piece, I'm going to comment on industry level. We're going to play our game that will drive our portfolio, and we'll continue to work very hard to ensure that we offer great value to consumers it's appropriate to our brand equity while premiumizing our overall portfolio. And that's consistent with the U.S., Canada and our European business, that's very central to our business. But I mean, overall, the U.S. volumes in your question around EBITDA margins, we are very clear about what our number 1 priority center business, which is to deliver on our EBITDA margin, development as per our guidance, improve our bottom line and generate strong free cash flow. And then secondly, certainly, over the longer to medium term, really start to see improvement in our top line through strengthening and putting our portfolio and strengthening our customer relationships. I think specifically within the U.S., if you look at our EBITDA margins, they've improved sequentially and consistently over the last few years, and we believe now with the MillerCoors part of our of the bigger Molson Coors, there's further opportunities to enhance our EBITDA margins as North American supply chain shared services and the global procurement, which have all got to a great start in 2017 continue to pick up pace through 2018 and 2019. So even against a tough industry environment, driving productivity in the business, and securing some of the benefits of integrating as part of Molson Coors still gives us headroom to continue to expand our EBITDA margins. Gavin, I don't know whether I missed anything there or if any builds on that?
Gavin Hattersley: No, that was a very comprehensive, Mark. I have nothing to add.
Operator: The next question comes from Pablo Zuanic from SFG.
Pablo Zuanic: I have a two-part question on the synergies in 2017 and the outlook for 2018. And then maybe Mark and Tracey, you can show me if I'm doing the right thing in terms of evaluating the performance. The way I see it, your EBITDA for the year consolidated grew $100 million, right? On the synergies of $255 million, that looks good but U.S. EBITDA, up $50 million; Canada, down $24 million, is down $60 million in two years; our corporate expense is up $85 million; so to some extent, the numbers look good because of these big jump in Europe of around $170 million EBITDA for the year, which to me seems to be a one-off for anything accounting related. So if we strip out Europe, EBITDA for the year was down and little slow. So what I'm saying is, when I look at the numbers for 2017, what jumps out as a positive to me is the jump of $50 million in EBITDA in the U.S. But on synergies of $255 million, that's still only 20% realization. Canada seems to be a problem. I don't know if Fred can comment on that margins that are down there for two years in a row? And Europe, the big jump seems to be one-off; so I don't think I can count on Europe growing EBITDA margin next year. Corporate expenses, basically your guidance seems to be flat. So if you can comment on that? And then if I can allow a second question for Gavin in terms of our STRs, you know, this kind of data -- when I look at your STRs, down 3% for the quarter, it would be nice if you can break that down between the growth in Above Premium in the U.S., what I call mainstream and then value? And the reason I asked that is that you are -- the data seems to show that mainstream was down about 3%, whereas value was up about 3%, but mainstream is like 2.5 times the size of value. So if you can comment on that -- if there are any channel differences between those three products groups that may be -- made this kind of data being distorted? You can start with the cost question, first. Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Pablo. As usual, you've used your one/two trick on questions; so we'll try and cover all of the basics here. On the first one, I don't think your analysis on EBITDA is accurate, I mean, our European business has delivered very, very solid top the bottom line performance, volume growth, pricing growth, good cost management and strong EBITDA performance, that was enhanced by the one-off tax provision. But if you strip that out, then we're still seeing very solid performance. And my perspective is our Europe business is kind of a poster side for what we're going to deliver across all of Molson Coors, which is just really solid improvement on our bottom line and a very balanced approach from a top line perspective across volume, premiumization and pricing. So I do think a lot of discredit from a European perspective. I think in the U.S., despite a tough backdrop, we are in the process of turning around our overall volume and refining and reshaping the portfolio. And Gavin and his team did a superb job of improving overall EBITDA performance. And as I mentioned in my previous question, I believe there's still further runway to expand our EBITDA margins as MillerCoors is now part of our global organization. Canada, your comments are fair. I mean it's -- we're in the process of turning that business around, and I was very pleased with the performance as we came through the second half of 2017. I think we've given you some indications as to the strengthening of our top line. Our volume was solid. We're back into share growth. We've seen pricing improvements. And what we're trying to do is balanced delivery for the day, while at the same time setting up the productivity improvements so as we look to 2020 to 2022 cost savings programs as well. So we're taking some of the cost savings and synergies, use them to offset inflation that was higher than anticipated, and we have been investing for the medium to long term in shared services, world-class supply chain, our commercial excellence capabilities. So my job is to get the balance between delivering for today, which I think we've done very successfully in 2017 while at the same time, setting the business up for the medium to long term. So I'm not sure I would agree -- actually, I am sure, I wouldn't agree with your analysis on our EBITDA performance. On the STRs, Gavin, do you want to comment on just the relative performance of each of the kind of major segments within the U.S.?
Gavin Hattersley: Right. Sure, Mark. Without getting into specific detail by segment from a performance point of view, in Above Premium, which is where we're putting a lot of emphasis, we grew Blue Moon Belgian White, we grew our core partners and we grew Peroni very strongly. And as I said earlier on, we got a nice platform coming into 2018 with solid and Arnold Palmer and the ones I just mentioned. Our economy portfolio, probably heard of our best performance in 8 years, primarily driven by the success of Keystone Lite. And Mark correctly said that doing extensive analysis on the performance of Keystone Light, and it's having a no material impact on our mainstream brands. It under indexes in terms of going from those 2 brands, and some markets actually provides a Halo. So we're very pleased with the economy portfolio. And in Premium Light, as you said, has been challenged in 2017. And Miller Lite's performance actually the fourth quarter is slightly greater than in the third quarter, and Coors Light challenge for us and we're putting a lot of effort behind it to revitalize it, mostly around the road most refreshing beer. We know that it works it works before. It provides a meaningful product benefit for us. It's shown significant growth in equity, and we probably moved a bit too far away from it. So you see of the world's most refreshing beer in a meaningful way as we head into 2018. Beyond that, Mark, I don't think I should give any more specifics.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Gavin.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: I had -- well, first, I wanted to say congratulations to Dave. You spent a lot of time and patients handling our questions over the years, and I just want to thank you for that and wish you the best as you go off into retirement.
David Dunnewald: Thanks, Bryan. It's been my pleasure.
Bryan Spillane: I guess I have one clarification and one question. Tracey, when you talk about the $50 million of COGS inflation for 2018, is that net of any impact from the step up in amortization and in D&A? And then also a change in pension accounting, I think, geographically might take some the $27 million of pension income out of COGS and move it below the operating profit line? So just wanted to understand if that's a net number? And then the question I had was for -- I guess for Mark and Gavin. You know you've seen some more, I guess, investment or more activity in, I guess, the fitness beer category for the lack of a better word with Corona Premier coming and you've got I'm still bringing our product into the market. So just kind of your thoughts on that segment as you get more sort of investment behind it, how it interacts with the Premium Light beers and just thoughts around that and how that's evolving would be helpful. Thanks.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Bryan. Tracey, do you want to pick up clarification to Bryan's first part?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So the incremental $50 million inflation that I quoted incremental above 2017 inflation as we saw is not just COGS. It's actually COGS and G&A, and it's across all of that business units that is primarily driven by commodity inflation so aluminum and diesel fuel would be the main drivers, but it's across all [indiscernible] MG&A and COGS. Then in terms of the pension changes so what I may be refer you to is our 10-K is actually up on our website now. We've got quite a detailed lay out in tables and expeditious if you want to refer to footnote 1 and footnote 21 in our 10-K, that's detailed the change in methodology. And in footnote two, actually details the changes around the safety accounting standards. So Bryan, if you want to have a look at that and maybe come back to us after the call, we can break that down a little bit further for you.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Tracey. And Bryan, just on your second question on this new segment that you invented the fitness beer category, I think I know what you're referring to. The good news is a few years descriptor, we have the original fitness beer we just called Miller Lite. That's what we're doubling down on. We continue to believe that continuing to focus on both Miller Lite and its very clear functional benefits and Coors Light and its very clear lifestyle benefits the best way to respond to interest in what you've described as fitness beer. The other thing that's of interest is quite significant crossover between some of the alcoholic seltzers that have come into the marketplace, and fitness or light beer and it's important that we offer bread across our portfolio. So across Miller Lite and Coors Light, we'll continue to strengthen their equities. We'll compete more assertively with Henry's Hard Sparkling, and we'll have the right products for 2018. And then, obviously, some of the metric and imports kind of play into that space as well, and the introduction of Sal becomes very important for us. So we believe that there's more than enough on our plate and we've got to be choice will about ensuring that we deliver real focus behind our portfolio. And against the 2 big light brands, Henry's Hard Sparkling and Sol, we've got the right portfolio to compete effectively and that space if I'm defining it correctly.
Operator: The next question comes from Lauren Lieberman with Barclays.
Lauren Lieberman: I wanted to solve on two things; first is just commentary on the commercial effectiveness and efficiency in the fourth quarter, just how much of that is one, can you talk a little bit about distinctive efforts there? And two, things that we're planned versus real more sort of real-time adjustments in the second half of the year as you saw that the industry volumes was soft, that was one area of question. And the second was just dimension of the incremental placement and visibility you have from your distributors. So was that primarily on Sol and the Arnold Palmer? Or is that incremental description of our new placement from some of what I'll call it legacy existing portfolio? Thanks.
Mark Hunter: Okay. So the second part of your question; Gavin, do you just want to pick up on the success on the placements the teams have been driving as we come into 2018?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, sure. Thanks, Mark. We've got tens of thousands of placements for -- actually hundreds of thousands of placements for our innovation brands. You're rightly called them out as Sol and Arnold Palmer spiked half and half. Easy -- not easy, [indiscernible] which is our entry into the tea category and to try and recruit new drinkers into our economy portfolio, 21 through 24-year olds, which have primarily walked away from beer to hedges actually designed tens of thousands of new placements for that. And yes, we did get more presents for brands like Blue Moon and Coors Light and so on.
Mark Hunter: I think you invented a new brand there, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: I got caught up between Arnold Palmer and Two Hats. Arnold Palmer is the tea and the lightly flavored light beer to recruit new drinkers.
Mark Hunter: They're not sharing placements either. They have discrete placements, but I think...
Gavin Hattersley: Correct.
Mark Hunter: On the first part of your question Laurent, on just commercial effectiveness, I mean, clearly, as we've come through this year, we've worked very hard from a procurement perspective, a global media RFP, which is a very successful, which has allowed us moment to drive efficiency and productivity and some of our marketing dollars. And the simplest way to think about this is really coming to the year with an assumption around investment per hectoliter. When I was business unit CEO in Europe in this role, what we've attempted if we see their softness from a volume perspective because maybe the segment is underperforming overall, and we're trying to maintain our investment on a per hectoliter basis buy that means in totality, that investment may fall so we're still drive the same kind of productivity and impact per hectoliter. There is a combination of maintaining that spend per hec, while at the same time also driving productivity through our roaming model so that gives us flexibility in a real-time basis to respond to segment changes, our brand momentum within our business. And hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a flavor.
Operator: The final question comes from Mark Swartzberg with Stifel Financial.
Mark Swartzberg: Dave, really been a pleasure working with you. So thank you, and Sam, too, thank you. My question, Tracey or Mark, is on the $330 million return of purchase price on the Miller International business, which I think was assigned a value of the $700 million. So in its face, it seems like this proportionally you're getting less to EBITDA, but it might mean that you simply thought you were getting a lot of working capital you didn't get. So I'm just trying to understand what was the basis for the return to the $330 million? Is it more working capital amount of EBITDA? Looking for some more detail there.
Mark Hunter: Okay. So let me try to try to keep it uncomplicated. The simplest way to think about this is the $330 million that we negotiated with is really a true-up an overall acquisition price the $12 billion -- $330 million. When we made the agreement to acquire the Miller brand internationally, we were very clear that there was a high-level assumption on the EBITDA. That was quite opaque because the Miller brands were embedded across the SAB business, and it wasn't a discrete business. So we started with an assumption and then said we would -- based on the trailing 12-month EBITDA close then get into purchase price adjustment. We kicked off that process and moved into a negotiation with ABI, and we feel that the true-up on overall acquisition price makes sense for us if you then look at the overall multiple we paid with the EBITDA stream. The good news is that the Miller brands are now fully adopted and integrated within our business and performing well with, I think, significant runway ahead of them in Canada and in Europe. And within International business, they're growing very, very strongly. So if you also recall, Mark, one of the things that we pointed out was based on the assumption of the trailing 12-month EBITDA. Our business model, particularly for the International business, would be different because we would be sharing that margin with our partners and our distributors. So it was never going to be apples for apples. But in headline terms, just look on this as a true-up on acquisition cost. It's now dropped to less than $11.7 million. And if you look at the overall multiple we paid for the EBITDA we acquired then feeling very good about the outcome of that negotiation.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Hunter for any closing remarks.
Mark Hunter: Yes, many thanks for facilitating things today. Many thanks for your interest in the Molson Coors Brewing Company. We look forward to catching up with you in our next call and obviously, our Investor and Analyst Meeting we'll be having in New York in June of this year. So thanks for your interest in the company and look forward to speaking with you soon. Bye, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Simon Cox - Molson Coors Brewing Co.
Analysts: Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Tristan van Strien - Redburn (Europe) Ltd. Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today. So, please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they were made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that maybe discussed during the call and from time-to-time by the company's executives discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period and in U.S. dollars and the consolidated and U.S. segment results are presented versus pro forma results a year ago, which reflects the acquisition of MillerCoors as if it and the related financing had occurred on January 1, 2016. Following the prepared remarks this morning, management will take your questions. In order to allow as many people to ask questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question. If you have multiple questions, please ask your most important question first and then return to the queue to ask additional ones. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors. Please go ahead.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you, Rachel, and hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call and many thanks for joining us today. With me in the call this morning from Molson Coors, we have Tracey Joubert, our Global CFO; Gavin Hattersley, the CEO of our U.S. business; Fred Landtmeters, our Canada CEO; Simon Cox, the CEO of our Europe business; Stewart Glendinning, our International CEO; Sam Walker, our Global Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer; Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, our Global VP of Investor Relations. Today, Tracey and I will take you through the highlights of our third quarter and year-to-date results, along with some perspective regarding the balance of 2017. Consistent with last quarter, we're also offering slides that show both reported and constant-currency results for both the quarter and year-to-date. You can view and follow along with these slides using the link on the Investor Relations page of our website. The Molson Coors Brewing Company will deliver growth and long-term shareholder value through our first choice for consumer and customer approach, an expanded international business, the delivery of integration savings, ongoing cost savings, a more efficient global organization and a relentless drive for financial performance. Our focus is to deliver both top and bottom line growth. Year-to-date, we've delivered worldwide brand volume growth, driven by our global priority brands. And on a constant-currency basis, NSR per hectoliter is up 2.4% as our portfolio premiumization has driven pricing and mix benefits around the globe. To this point, in terms of progress, above-premium brand volumes increased 19% in the quarter and 20% for the year. And with this strong growth, our above-premium brands now represent 18% of our total volumes. At the same time, we've improved our EBITDA margins this year while investing in the business, with underlying EBITDA margins up by nearly 40 basis points year-to-date. Our 2017 underlying free cash flow generation has been strong. We begun delevering our balance sheet and we're generating cost savings ahead of our plan, which has helped to mitigate higher-than-anticipated input cost inflation. Now, a question I get when I talk with investors is, how we prioritize our top and bottom line goals? And the management team and our board address this important point as follows. We, first, will drive margin expansion and bottom line growth by delivering cost savings, ensuring efficient brand investments and paying down debt. Second, we will drive an improved top line through our commercial excellence approach, which provides a more sustainable source of profit growth over the medium to long term. This is our order of priority. Additionally, we will maintain our profit focus and our continued drive for total shareholder return through PACC or profit after capital charge, which is our capital allocation tool. So, one year on from the close of the MillerCoors transaction, the bigger, better and stronger Molson Coors is driving a cohesive and distinctive First Choice commercial agenda, an expanded international business, a more efficient global organization and a relentless focus on financial performance, all underpinned by highly engaged employees who are playing to win. And with that as a backdrop, I'll now turn over to Tracey to give financial highlights.
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you, Mark, and hello, everybody. So, let's review our consolidated financial headlines for the third quarter versus our pro forma results a year ago, except for cash flow, which is reported on a year-to-date actual basis. Our net sales decreased 2.1% due to lower financial volumes, partially offset by positive global pricing, sales mix, royalty volume and foreign currency movements. Our net sales in constant currency declined 3%. Our global net sales per hectoliter increased 2.9% and 1.9% in constant currency, due to higher global pricing and sales mix. Our worldwide total brand volume increased 0.6%, driven by strong growth in Europe and International, partially as a result of adding the Miller global brands business and also from growth in some of our core brands. Our global priority brand volume increased 2.4%. Our financial volume decreased 4.8%, driven by the U.S. and Canada, which were adversely impacted by reductions in wholesaler inventories, contract brewing and brand volumes. These volume declines were partially offset by growth in both Europe and International due to added Miller International brand volumes as well as positive organic brand performance. U.S. net income increased (sic) [decreased] 12.1% and underlying non-GAAP net income decreased 3.5%. Our underlying results were primarily attributable to lower financial volume, higher brand amortization expense, increased G&A costs and a higher effective tax rate, partially offset by positive pricing and mix, cost savings and lower interest expense. Our underlying EBITDA decreased 1.2% on a constant-currency basis. Our underlying free cash flow compared to actual results last year increased nearly 80%, driven by the addition of the other 58% of MillerCoors cash flows as well as lower cash tax paid for taxes, which were partially offset by higher cash paid for interest and capital expenditures. We ended the quarter with net debt of $11.3 billion and we made an additional discretionary contribution of $200 million to our U.S. defined-benefit pension plan in the third quarter as part of our deleveraging goals, bringing our total cash contributions to approximately $310 million for the year. We remain committed to investment-grade debt ratings and reducing our leverage ratio to about 4 times on a rating-agency basis by the end of 2018. Year-to-date, we improved underlying EBITDA by 1.8% in constant currency, with strong NSR per hectoliter growth and total worldwide brand volume up 1.6%. And now, I'd like to share some regional highlights from the third quarter. In the U.S., we grew underlying EBITDA 0.8% on a pro forma basis in the quarter, resulting from increased domestic NSR per hectoliter, driven by higher net pricing as well as cost savings and lower MG&A expenses, partially offset by the impact of lower shipment volumes. Overall, U.S. STRs declined 2.9% for the quarter on a trading-day-adjusted basis, in part because the U.S. volume environment remains challenging. Our domestic sales to wholesalers declined 7.2%, with nearly two-thirds of the gap between STRs and STWs driven by a reduction in distributor inventories and the rest due to one less trading day this quarter. Distributor inventories were reduced in the third quarter following higher-than-planned levels at the end of the second quarter. Our year-to-date U.S. performance was similar to the third quarter, with a 2.2% increase in underlying EBITDA, 0.8% higher NSR per hectoliter and a 2.3% decline in STR volume. Despite the difficult backdrop, we made progress this quarter against our portfolio strategy, as Mark will share with you shortly. Our Canada underlying EBITDA declined 0.5% in the quarter, driven by the impact of lower domestic volume, partially offset by positive pricing and foreign currency impact. On a constant-currency basis, underlying EBITDA declined 5.7% during the quarter. We drove strong NSR per hectoliter growth with a combination of price and mix benefits, but industry volume trends remained difficult, declining approximately 2%. Our market share grew slightly, driven by the return of the Miller brands, along with the strong above-premium growth from Coors Banquet and Belgian Moon. Our third quarter Canada performance represents a trend improvement compared to earlier in the year, as year-to-date underlying EBITDA declined 10.7% in constant currency. Year-to-date NSR per hectoliter grew 2.6% in local currency, reflecting positive net pricing and mix. Europe continued to produce strong results this quarter, with underlying EBITDA up 13.6%, driven by higher volume, positive sales mix and pricing, increased net pension benefit and favorable foreign currency. Constant currency EBITDA increased 10.4% in the quarter. Brand volume increased 9.6% in the quarter, primarily due to the addition of the Miller brands and the transfer of royalty and export brand volumes across Europe from our International business. Even without this incremental volume, we continue to achieve growth from our offering of core and above-premium brands, which helped drive net sales per hectoliter growth during the quarter. Our year-to-date underlying EBITDA, NSR per hectoliter and brand volumes in Europe grew strongly. Underlying EBITDA for our International business was a loss of $1 million in the quarter, which represents an improvement from a year ago. Although the impact of hurricanes presented a significant challenge in several of our high-margin Caribbean markets, Coors Light continued to drive strong volume growth across Latin America and we have moved off the Miller transition service agreements and established platforms for growth with local partners. Our brand volume increased 64.7% in the quarter and our third quarter net sales nearly doubled, driven by this higher volume, along with positive pricing, while reported net sales per hectoliter declined about 11.6% due to sales mix changes. Our year-to-date underlying EBITDA for International improved from a loss of $4.9 million last year to income of $3.1 million this year, with brand volumes up 56.3% and reported NSR per hectoliter down 1.3%. Please see our earnings release for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the third quarter as well as our latest outlook and guidance targets. Now, this quarter, we have the following updates regarding our guidance metrics. For the medium term, we continue to expect underlying EBITDA margins to increase an annual average of 30 to 60 basis points over the next three, four years. For 2017, we anticipate margins being in this range. Also, it is important to remember the cash tax benefits associated with the MillerCoors transaction, which were $109 million this quarter and are expected to be more than $400 million for full year of 2017. We now anticipate total capital spending of approximately $650 million, plus or minus 5%, which is updated from $750 million, plus or minus 10%. Our underlying corporate net interest expense of approximately $360 million, plus or minus 5%, is updated from consolidated net interest of $370 million, plus or minus 10%. We have tightened our underlying effective tax rate range to 26% to 28% from 24% to 28% previously. We now expect our cost of goods sold per hectoliter for the International business to increase at a low-single-digit rate versus a mid-single-digit rate decrease previously stated. We have raised our outlook for pension income to approximately $27 million, up from $24 million. And although we are not changing our 2017 cost savings guidance of more than $175 million, we are pleased that these savings are coming in ahead of our original plans, because it is helping to cover inflation, particularly related to aluminum, which is higher than our expectations from earlier this year. And at this point, I'll turn it back over to Mark.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Tracey. I began this call by outlining our plans to drive total shareholder returns. And while the business environment, especially in North America, remains more challenging than anticipated, we believe our ambition to be first choice for consumers and customers will generate sustainable returns to our shareholders. Our regional business priorities are clear and consistent. In the U.S., we remain focused on gaining segment share in premium, growth in above-premium and stabilizing our below-premium brand share. As you can see in this slide, this drives our consumer excellence approach and let me give you some proof points on our progress. In premium, Miller Lite is well on track to become the number three beer brand in America. Strong momentum for Coors Banquet continues, as we expect 2017 to mark the 11th consecutive year of annual growth for this iconic American brand. In 2018, Coors Light will relentlessly sharpen and strengthen its message as the World's Most Refreshing Beer, including some exciting packaging changes. Both Miller Lite and Coors Light are powerhouse brands. They gained segment share again this quarter, a trend that's extended for more than 21/2 years. In above-premium, Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy had a record-breaking year with volumes up low-double digits. We plan to build on this success next year through a number of packaging and Shandy innovations. Meanwhile, the Blue Moon family is widening its lead as the world's number one craft brand and Blue Moon Belgian White will continue its growth momentum with new SKUs and a focus on our legendary on-premise orange ritual, which is driving strong velocity and incremental tap handles across the U.S.A. As per Nielsen, Blue Moon and Leinie's families accounted for 22% of the total craft beer volume growth year-to-date in the U.S. In regional craft, Terrapin, Hop Valley, Revolver, Colorado Native and Saint Archer are all growing at strong double-digit rates, well ahead of the overall craft segment, as we continue to integrate and expand geographically. And Peroni is growing and accelerating this year as we have enhanced the geographic reach of this aspirational import brand through improved market prioritization. In below-premium, our new packaging types, price points and commercial focus are delivering a significant trend improvement in this segment, as per our strategy. We're also very excited about our brand additions in the U.S. As of October 1, we assumed the rights to import, market and distribute Sol, which further strengthens our above-premium portfolio. And over the next few months, we'll bring to retail new high-potential brands with Arnold Palmer Spiked, designed to take share in the valuable alcoholic tea segment, and Two Hats, which is positioned to recruit new legal-drinking-age consumers into beer. We're confident we have the right plans to achieve growth and we will continue to execute with relentless focus while looking for further build, borrow and buy opportunities for additional above-premium scale. Our customers tell us that our First Choice approach to sales and supply chain execution is working, with 14 supplier awards so far in 2017. We also continue to roll out our Building with Beer tool to new channels and customers. And these are the building blocks for long-term profitable growth for our U.S. business unit. In Canada, our consumer excellence teams will remain focused on gaining segment share in premium, accelerating our growth in above-premium and stabilizing our below-premium brand share. Improving the performance of our two biggest brands, Coors Light and Molson Canadian remains the number one priority and we're currently executing upweighted volume-driving activities with consumers. Our above-premium performance, led by Coors Banquet, MGD, Belgian Moon and the Heineken portfolio, is accelerating with exciting further lift and shift brand additions planned in 2018 and we are executing a plan to simplify our below-premium portfolio with the launch of Miller High Life from late in the fourth quarter. Since the introduction of Coors Banquet just a few years ago, exceptional consumer demand has propelled this brand at double-digit growth rates to become the most successful new product introduction in the past five years in Canada. Our performance across the portfolio will also be driven by customer excellence, as we lift and shift best practice sales tools from other regions. As an example, we've started to see improved volume performance from the early retail adopters of the Building with Beer program. Our supply chain team continues to prioritize efforts on building and planning for the new British Columbia and Greater Montreal breweries. This work will create efficiency and flexibility in our supply chain, which we expect to unlock material savings in the medium to long term. In Europe, consumer and customer excellence is driving the top and bottom line. We'll continue to drive a balanced portfolio approach as we strengthen our national mainstream brands and continue to premiumize by driving our craft portfolio, Staropramen, Coors Light and cider brands, along with the addition of the Miller brands and the royalty and export business in the region. In July, we completed the purchase of Birradamare, a small Italian craft brewery, which provides us another opportunity in Italy and select export markets to build on our strong above-premium performance. So far this year, our balanced portfolio approach across Europe resulted in maintaining our share-of-segment in our mainstream brands as well as generating double-digit growth in above-premium. One driver of successful portfolio premiumization in the quarter and the last few years is Coors Light's ongoing focus on ice cold Rocky Mountain refreshment, which is resonating powerfully with consumers, and Coors Light has grown to become our second-largest brand in the UK. Above-premium Staropramen, outside of the Czech Republic, has also grown at strong double-digit rates across Europe, such that the total Staropramen family now exceeds 2.5 million hectoliters of annual volume in the region. Furthermore, in what remains a fiercely competitive environment in the UK, our First Choice customer approach earned us the number one ranking in the Advantage Survey of multiple grocers for the second consecutive year. Our International business will continue to leverage our strong global brands, partnerships and commercial capabilities around the world and focus our brands on the most attractive segments to grow Coors Light, the Miller brands and Blue Moon. Our customer teams have successfully rolled out a common segmentation analysis in all of our markets, Coors Light is growing at strong double-digit rates in Latin America and within a year of acquiring the Miller brands, we are currently launching the original white can packaging for Miller Lite to more than 20 markets globally. The scaled-up International business requires upfront investments to grow our brands and as indicated earlier this year, our MG&A will be higher this year, funded by a step change in gross profit, as we lay the foundations for accelerating top and bottom line growth from 2018 onwards. We expect our gross profit to be at the lower-end of the 2017 guidance range of $90 million, plus or minus 10%, principally due to the impact of the hurricanes in the Caribbean. We expect this impact of approximately $3 million to $5 million to flow through to the bottom line this year as we continue to invest in our brands. Clearly for 2018, we have plans to offset these negative impacts and continue to drive top line growth and improved profit performance from our International business. So, in reviewing our performance in the third quarter as well as year-to-date, we're building traction against our strategic priorities, as indicated by delivering growth in global brand volume, net sales per hectoliter and underlying EBITDA margin. In the fourth quarter this year, we anticipate less significant distributor inventory dynamics in the U.S. than we saw in the third quarter, along with a favorable comparison in Europe as we cycle a $50 million indirect tax provision in the fourth quarter of last year. Despite challenging market conditions in North America, we remain on track to deliver our 2017 business and financial plans, exceed our original cost savings targets and cash flow goals as well as maintaining our investment-grade debt ratings. One year on from the close of the MillerCoors transaction, the bigger, better and stronger Molson Coors is driving a cohesive First Choice commercial agenda, an expanded international business, a more efficient global organization and a relentless focus in financial performance, all underpinned by highly engaged employees who are playing to win. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, just a quick comment. As usual, our prepared remarks and slides will be in our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Dave Dunnewald and Kevin Kim will be available via telephone or e-mail to assist with any additional questions you may have regarding our quarterly results. So, at this point, Rachel, we'd like to open up for questions, please.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from Andrea Teixeira with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning there. Just – thank you for taking the question. I wanted to explore more the free cash flow guidance. I know you capped it, but some of the components were actually more favorable. So, I was wondering if what led you to be more conservative and if that's related to commodity pressures that you saw throughout the beginning, I mean the first nine months. So, if you can help us like reconcile, again, the free cash flow guidance. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hey, Andrea. Thanks for your question. I'll let Tracey pick up the specifics. I would just remind you that we've already increased the free cash flow guidance as we've come through this year. So, Tracey, do you want to just talk about the components and the cash flow performance?
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. So, hi, Andrea. So, free cash flow has got many factors that drive it and so for that reason, we do talk to our free cash flow guidance in the sort of plus and minus ranges. So, this quarter, we have reduced our CapEx guidance to $650 million, plus or minus 5%. So, we've reduced it and also tightened the range. This is partially due to identifying ways to achieve our cost savings and synergies while spending or investing less in our breweries and in our RT space (25:37) as we continue with our integration plan. So, other than that reduction in CapEx, the odd effect is that obviously go into free cash flow. Earnings is one of them, but also a big driver is our working capital. So, for example, December is a big collections month and depending on the timing of our collections, that will play into our free cash flow. So, we have got a strong track record of delivering our free cash flow. Year-to-date, our free cash flow delivery has been very strong, which has actually helped us to make an incremental $200 million contribution to our pension plan. So, we're very comfortable with our free cash flow guidance and we are confident that we will be within that range.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Grandet with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you for the opportunity. Good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hey, Laurent. How are you?
Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Good. There was a large difference between the sales to retailers and sales to wholesalers in the U.S. this quarter. So, are you back to a right level of inventory at wholesaler level or are you low and we should expect, I mean, a bump in Q4? And in general, what in your view is the right level of wholesaler inventory level in number of days?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yes. So, let me ask Gavin to pick that up against the backdrop of what's an ongoing aspiration to try and ship to consumption. So, Gavin, do you want to just talk about some of the specifics on as we've come through Q2 and Q3 and then how we see the balance of year?
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Sure, Mark. Thanks and good morning, Laurent. The distributor inventory was reduced in the third quarter, because we had higher-than-planned levels at the end of the second quarter, which is something we called out on the last conference call. Distributed inventories into the third quarter were actually in line with the prior-year levels and that's for sure helped us improve our service to our customers as we've had almost 50% reduction in out of stocks compared to the last year. I'd also make a point that the third-quarter STWs were negatively impacted because we had one fewer trading day in the quarter. So, year-to-date, our trading-day-adjusted domestic STRs are down about 2.3% and our domestic STWs are down 3.8%. And on a full-year basis, we would anticipate that these numbers would converge as we expect distributed inventories compared to the prior year increase a little bit by a day or two in support of the go-live of our Golden system ordering tool early next year. Having said all that, we do expect full-year domestic STWs to be slightly below our comparable STR change, because the build-up at the end of 2016 was larger than I expected build-up at the end of 2017. So, a lot of detail there. I hope that answers the question.
Operator: The next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hey, Vivien.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: So, I wanted to take the opportunity to revisit Canada and cannabis in light of Constellation's deal announcement earlier this week. So, a two-part question, if you don't mind. Number one, kind of your current assessment of kind of the Canadian cannabis in terms of potential risk factors and how you're thinking about potentially supporting the business next year from an investment standpoint and then, secondly, your appetite to explore that market? Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Vivien, let me pick that up. And obviously, being based here in Colorado, we're very familiar with cannabis, as it's been legalized here. And clearly this is something that, as the whole legal landscape continues to change, we're actively working to understand. We have a team of people working on that. We're looking at potential impacts and/or the opportunities associated with and we're developing a range of responses. Those will be discussed across our executive team and our boards and there'll be more to follow in due course. I don't think we have any statement beyond that to make at this point in time. I think the important thing is to make sure we don't get caught in some kind of adrenaline rush. We're very thoughtful, very purposed and we're very clear on how we want to respond to both what could be challenges and what also could be opportunities. So, more to come in due course.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thank you very much. Your U.S. revenue per hectoliter I thought was pretty impressive, given a tough comp on that number, and you came in better than your primary U.S. competitor. Just wondering if you can talk a little bit about the drivers for revenue per hectoliter in the U.S., price/mix and how perhaps you're improving your revenue management practices. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Robert, and I'll ask Gavin to talk the specifics. I mean, again, just a couple of context points. Gavin and his team are driving for, I would say, a very disciplined approach in our U.S. business. And then, clearly, we've made some changes in terms of our whole price promotion approach as we've come into 2017. So, I think they are important context points, but, Gavin, do you want to talk about the specifics and how you and the team are driving the NSR per hec?
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Right. What I mean, Robert, as you know, a number of different factors go into our domestic NSR per hectoliter. We've got things that we've talked about in the past like FET drawbacks and freight and fuel revenue adjustments which we make, and then, of course, there's frontline pricing and product promotions and sales mix. I mean in the quarter, sales mix was actually negative because of the success that we had behind our economy strategy. At the same time, we had tremendous progress on Blue Moon Belgian White, which continues to grow and grow strongly as one of the few large cross-brands in the country that is actually growing. And we had a record performance from Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy. So, pleasing progress on our above-premium portfolio. And, as Mark said, we put a constant focus on our revenue management initiatives and that's an ongoing effort.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. I mean, I think the only thing I would add to that, Gavin and Robert, is that right across our business, building our capability around pricing and revenue management is central to our whole commercial excellence approach. And if you look at the U.S., Canada and Europe, you're seeing very solid progress when you look at how we're managing one of the critical components of our top line and that's our revenue per hectoliter. So, I feel pleased with progress and we'll continue to focus in that area.
Operator: The next question comes from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Good morning, Judy. Normally, you're first on, Judy?
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I guess I was pretty slow this morning. So, Mark, I think in your prepared comment, you commented that management priority is first to focus on generating cost savings for bottom line growth. So, in light of what seems to be a much tougher industry environment for volume in the U.S. market, I just wanted to hear from you sort of what you're doing differently to generate more bottom line growth in the near term, not just the year-to-date EBITDA growth as relatively modest. And then just one clarification on the STW and STR kind of piecing together all of the things that Gavin said, are we expecting in the fourth quarter that STW to still be below the STR?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. So, let me just start with the second question. Gavin, do you want to just come back to Judy just on her question on STW expectations in Q4?
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Sure, I can, Mark. Thanks. Look. Judy, I mean – as I said, that we would expect to be closer to shipping to consumption for the full year as we – so, those two will converge in the fourth quarter. So, put simplistically, STWs will probably be slightly better than STRs in the fourth quarter, yes.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Gavin. And then, Judy, just on your first point, I mean just to clarify, I didn't say cost savings was our number one priority. What I said is when you look at our drive to improve both our top and bottom line, clearly, our number one priority is to make sure we're delivering on the bottom line both from a EBITDA margin expansion, absolute EBITDA growth and free cash flow focus and clearly getting our top line moving is a priority, second priority, because it's the best source of sustainable profit growth over the medium to longer term. So, both of those things have got to work in tandem, but we've got to make sure we deliver on our bottom line financial performance. I'm encouraged by the fact that if you look at our cost saving plan – the three-year cost saving plan of $550 million over the three years, we're off to a great start in 2017. That's coming in stronger and faster than we had expected. We're not going update that cost savings guidance at this stage. If there was any update, we would do that as we kick off our 2018. So, continuing to look for more efficient investments to drive our synergies, to further take costs out of the business, to drive productivity and efficiency behind our marketing expenditure is all important. And again, I've reiterated a number of occasions that myself and the management team are ensuring that we're retaining flexibility in our P&L. If trading conditions are slightly tougher than anticipated, we have got the ability to flex our P&L to protect and develop our bottom line. So, there's quite a lot in there, but hopefully that gives you a sense as to what we're really driving against as a leadership team.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Swartzberg with Stifel Financial. Please go ahead.
Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Hey. Good morning, everyone. Also a U.S. question certainly for you, Mark, perhaps you too, Gavin, can you give us a sense of the budgeting dialogue as you head into 2018? And I'm particularly, of course, interested in the more discretionary items, marketing and other things that influence the top line as it does seem like flat is not a likely outcome in spite of the benefit you'll get from Sol and Arnold Palmer. So, just trying to get a sense of how you're thinking about spending and whether that flat objective is still what you're thinking about.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: So, if I get behind your question, Mark, I think what you're asking is, are we going to spend a level irrespective of the impact that just drives flat volume? And again, I've been very consistent that we're not driving for flat volume and growth in the U.S. at any cost. We've been very clear that, that strategic ambition is, I think, very, very appropriate. We want our business back into growth in the U.S. Clearly, that was assumed against a backdrop of U.S. industry volume, which was probably closer to flat. U.S. industry volumes are not as strong as that. So, it may take a little bit longer to get there. It doesn't change our strategic intent in the U.S. and you've seen a couple of indications as how we want to build out our portfolio with Sol and Arnold Palmer. We continue to work on other initiatives that hopefully will flow through as well in due course. So, just coming back to the specifics of your question, we'll spend a level that's appropriate to build our portfolio and also continue to drive strong financial performance in the U.S. So, Gavin, I don't know whether you'd want to add any additional color around that.
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: No, I don't. Thanks, Mark.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. So, Mark, hopefully that answers your question.
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Bryan.
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hi. Just wanted to follow up first on Mark's question just around volume and maybe Judy's question as well, in the third quarter, with the volumes coming in, and presumably STWs came in below what you were originally planning, was there much that you did during the third quarter to offset the volume shortage or did it all happen so suddenly, there wasn't much you can do to adjust and it would have been even much more leverage if there was more volume? Just trying to get a sense if there was any remedial actions you took in response to the volume declines. And then, I have a follow-up.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. So, I mean, I think it's fair to say we've come through both Q2 and Q3 and industry demand in the U.S. has been more sluggish than it was anticipated. And again, we've been consistent that we're retaining flexibility in our P&L to ensure that we've got levers to pull if volume isn't coming through as anticipated. We did that through the third quarter. Clearly, some parts of a discretionary spend is more fixed than others if you're in big contract, for example, and sponsorships, but whether it's the U.S., Canada or our other business units, we retain that flexibility to offset any volume weakness. Clearly, you can do that up to a certain point. And I think we've demonstrated our ability to do as we've come through the third quarter. Again, that's very consistent with how we've thought about managing our P&L over the course of the last 12 to 18 months.
Operator: The next question comes from Tristan van Strien with Redburn Partners. Please go ahead.
Tristan van Strien - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: Hi. Morning, guys. One for Gavin. I just want to ask about Sol distribution to U.S. In terms of what share of your current distributors actually doing Corona at the moment and to what extent is that a barrier? And maybe to follow-up on that, how are you thinking about Sol? Is this about getting distribution or is it more about velocity in the first few years? Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Tristan. Gavin, do you want to jump straight into that?
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. I would say, Tristan, probably two-thirds to three-quarters of our distributors have Corona, roughly. Look, I think it's really early for us on Sol. We've only had it since the 1st of October. We've seen a lot of excitement from our distributors. We've seen it from our retailers. The transition is going well. It's been a tremendous cross-functional effort over the last few months. We're working closely with Heineken in Mexico to ensure a smooth transition and we're excited about it. It's a very sessionable lager, it's got a great brand story. It's been around for a tremendously long period of time since 1899 and it fills a nice gap in our portfolio, which we've been under pressure to fill that gap on the Mexican portfolio. Now, we've got Sol and we're excited about it.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Gavin. Back to you, Rachel.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Please go ahead.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hi, Pablo.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Look, just I wanted to stay within the one question limit, but maybe for Gavin, when we look at the STRs in the first half, they were down 2%, in the third quarter, down 2.9%. Can you just say – indicate at a portfolio level whether the three buckets worsen or something worse than more than the other? By the three buckets, I mean, you know your value brands, which I think is 30% of volumes, your mainstream brands, and then what, above mainstream. So, you can give color in that regard. And then, related to that, whether – you can also answer the same question on a channel basis relative to the trends in the first half, did on-premise worsen more than off-premise? I suppose the hurricanes affect more on-premise business than off-premise. If you can comment on that please, Gavin. And if I may – I'm allowed, will like to ask a follow-up. Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: I'm not sure who's in charge with follow-ups, Pablo, but, Gavin, why don't you take that one?
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Lots of questions within that one question limit mark. So, let me try and address it. Look, I mean our third quarter STR volumes were down 2.9%. It was a little worse than the earlier track record and I think it's safe to say that the industry had a tough summer. If you look at the various components in the three segments as you call it out, economy, we're very pleased with the progress we've made in economy. We've set our target two years ago that we wanted to halve the decline in our economy portfolio and maintain share and we've achieved that and in fact we grew share in the third quarter. So we're very pleased with that outcome. Premium Light's had a tough summer for a variety of reasons. There was a significant discounting from a spirits point of view. On-premise traffic, to answer your channel-specific question, had declined during the prior year. Millennials are going out less. Latino shoppers changed their shopping behavior in 2017. We'd – certainly, we're impacted by the two hurricanes that we had, which would obviously have a short-term negative impact on the industry, but a more positive impact going forward. And, again, on above-premium, we're making really nice progress on this. Blue Moon continues to grow and grow well. It's one of the few large craft brands in the country that are growing and we're pleased with that turnaround. Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy had a record summer. So, we were very pleased with the performance of that brand. Our four craft companies are doing really well and we've got Peroni, which has got growth, which is accelerating. Redd's needs more work from our side, but Redd's Wicked is doing particularly well. And we're excited by our proposition with Hard Soda and with Sparkling sell-throughs and believe both of those brands and the category are here to stay. So, I think I covered most of your questions in that answer, Pablo and Mark.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: As you are trying to address the – as you're trying to improve the STR trends, I mean, obviously value and above-mainstream are doing better than before, right? But overall trends are not improving, they are worsening. So, the key issue boils down to Miller Lite and Coors Light and is that brand-specific or is it segment-specific? Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Well, we're very pleased with our performance on Miller Lite in particular. It continues to grow share and it's doing well in a declining segment. Coors Light has admittedly had a challenging year, but we believe we've got the right campaign with Climb On and we need to build on that campaign and bring the world's most refreshing beer more directly to the fore. So, we're very happy with our two offerings in the Premium Light segment, Pablo.
Operator: A follow-up question from Mark Swartzberg with Stifel Financial. Please go ahead.
Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you for taking that. Just clarity, I didn't catch it, Tracey, the CapEx coming down, order of magnitude $100 million. Were you saying that's a timing issue? Will it show up next year? And in the higher-end of the tax rate guide, I know this is a second question, but is that a view for the longer term? Should we just think about your tax rate being a little higher beyond this year?
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Hi, Mark. So, yeah, just to recap on the CapEx, so this is not timing. We identified ways to achieve our cost savings and synergies and while spending less in our CapEx on both at our breweries and in the RT space (46:09). So, it is a reduction, a true reduction in 2017. In terms of tax rates, so, yeah, the underlying tax rate is at the higher-end of what our previous guidance was. This is really relating to geography mix. A lot of our or most of our income comes from the U.S. at the higher tax rate. And then, also, we had some discrete items in 2016 and 2017. 2016 was favorable and 2017 was negative, which did drive that. In terms of going forward, we will update our tax guidance next year. So, I'll leave that until then, Mark.
Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Very, very helpful. Thanks, Tracey.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Actually, I have two, if that's okay. One is just a simple, and maybe I missed this, but did you quantify in the U.S. how much you think the storms affected your STWs and STRs?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: We didn't, Bryan, and I think if you're looking for comparisons or read-across from ourself against our biggest competitor, clearly, there was slightly different circumstances because our major breweries in the areas that were affected by hurricanes weren't really impacted in the same way. So, I mean clearly, there's been some impact, but we didn't call it out as a material impact on our volume performance.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. And there's no ongoing effect at this point, you're back to normal service levels in Florida. And I guess Puerto Rico would be the one area where that's not the case, but, for the most part, you're back to normal service levels.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. I mean, Puerto Rico, as you say, and some of the other Caribbean islands, which are important markets for us, are struggling to get back on their feet. And that's going to be kind of a longer path back to normality there. I think it's fair to say in the U.S., our distributors are working very hard to get back to normal service. Gavin, I don't know whether you'd want to offer any color on that one?
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, we're back to normal service, Mark, across the board. And from a brewery point of view, as you said, we have virtually no disruptions at our Fort Worth brewery and the Albany brewery was down for two days, but picked back up very quickly. So, no real impact.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks.
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Please go ahead.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you. Just for Tracey. So, I look at EBITDA margin expansion in MillerCoors in the third quarter, very impressive given that you had this operating deleverage with shipments being down 7%, but that's being masked, obviously, by this doubling of corporate expenses. So, two questions there. When we think about 2018, are those corporate expenses continue to be a headwind or are they going to be pretty much flat year-on-year in absolute terms? And the second question related to all of this, we talk about shifting media from production to customer-facing and those type of things, but how are these corporate expenses, whether we call them centers of excellence or other things, how are they going to help the top line anyway? Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. So, Pablo, let me pick up on that. So, firstly, we haven't doubled underlying corporate expenses. There's a chunk in there's, it's about $35 million, which is really one-time cost related to some of the synergy capture. So, you've got to make sure that you reverse that out. And we were very clear earlier this year that if you look at our corporate G&A line, there's a difference of about $50 million year-on-year based on the guidance. About 40% of that is really a shift in costs around our business as we've moved some people who were working at a business unit-specific level to take on broader global jobs. So, that's just really a movement of money around our business. Another slice of that relates to our global growth team and a big piece of that investment relates to the Miller trademark globally, so as we pull that brand into our business. I mentioned on the script that we're changing the packaging on Miller Lite in 20 countries concurrently. That's a massive effort. And we're driving that centrally, because it's the fastest way to kind of deploy that kind of change in the marketplace. So, the investment behind the Miller trademark will remain in that corporate cost. So, again, that doesn't become an incremental headwind as we go into 2018. I think, clearly, we've got start-up costs for things like a World Class Supply Chain 2.0, introduction of global shared services and again, they are now embedded in our cost structure for this year and are not a headwind as we go into next year. We'll update on our guidance for 2018 corporate G&A in February, but we'll be working very hard to make sure that that's kind of contained, at worse, flat and more to follow in the specifics around that in due course.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Pablo.
Operator: The next question comes from Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hey, Vivien.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you for the follow-up. Just in terms of your comment, Mark, on the exploratory committee or working group on candidates, one, can you tell us when that was established? And number two, do they have any early insights into U.S. dynamics, because you've got three years of overlap in the U.S. and more than that even? And then, even in – like a – a market like Nevada, we just opened up July 1, the early indications at least from the tax revenue office in Nevada is that liquor tax did come in below expectations. Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Vivien, are you sure you haven't changed jobs, because this is a high focus for you, that's for sure.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Well, I do believe in the interaction. I think you know that. Yeah.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. I mean I'm not going to get into when we established the team, et cetera. I mean, clearly, as we look across the landscape of both opportunities and challenges, where we've got people working on a whole variety of fronts, which includes this front, so I don't think I need to go into the detail on that. Clearly, in Colorado, we're actually seeing the beer industry relatively healthy. So, it's very difficult if you look across different states in the U.S. to get a consistent read. So, we've got a team of people working on it. There's a range of insights are being developed. And as I've said, we'll work through the implications, both good, bad or indifferent, and more to follow on that. I just don't want to be drawn on it. I think it's competitively sensitive. And as I've said, we've got to be deliberate and thoughtful about how we respond in due course. So, more to follow in due course and I really don't think there's any value in getting into any of the detail beyond that at this stage.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you very much. I think we all understand that the summer was particularly weak. Our contacts with distributors over the last couple of weeks suggest that business picked up reasonably nicely in October in the U.S. Can you confirm that?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hey, Robert, I think you're aware we stopped giving kind of short-term volume guidance. I mean, you've got access to the news and data the same as we are. So, we're not going to be drawn on a few weeks' trends. I just refer you to the publicly available news and data.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Let me try something else then. Going back to revenue per hectoliter, you also had pretty strong results in Europe on the revenue per hectoliter side and I don't know how much of that is kind of on an organic basis or if there were sort of one-time items or things that weren't comparable, but perhaps you could give us some insight there.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Sure. And I'll let Simon talk to the Europe performance, which has been consistently strong as we've come through 2017. So, Simon, do you want to talk about the portfolio approach and the balance that you're leaving for across the P&L?
Simon Cox - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. Thanks, Robert. So, I mean your question was – I think, Robert, pointing to, is it one-off or is it underlying? If you looked at Q2, I think (55:18) was up 3.7% and in this quarter, it's up 4.1%. So, we're posting fairly consistent results. We've done that really through a mix of price and mix. So, our pricing was up 1.7% in the quarter. Our mix is up 2.4%. And you would have heard us talk, I think, very consistently now about our attempt to premiumize our portfolio. So, if you look at our premium brands, they were up double-digit in the quarter. If you look at our craft brands, they were up high-single digit. Cider continues to work well for us and generally as a premiumization opportunity in the UK. Our core brands performed well and they were competitive in the marketplace. And we have been thoughtful about our value brands and actually they declined at low-single digits in the quarter, which we are very comfortable with. So, if you put all that together, we think that's the right sort of pricing, mix and volume curve, because, as you know, we also grew volume strongly and we continue to try and do that in Europe and manage with a balanced portfolio, investing behind our brands, premiumizing our portfolio, driving craft and making sure that we're not fueling any move towards value in some of our Eastern European markets. That worked well in Q1, worked well in Q2, worked well in Q3. So, I would describe it as an organic underlying trend that we're leading for. And to your very question, there aren't some funnies or some (56:50) one-offs in there.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore Group LLC: That's terrific. Congratulations on the great result.
Simon Cox - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you.
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Robert.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Robert. Rachel, back to you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Hunter for any closing remarks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Rachel, and thank you to everybody for joining us today for your interest in the Molson Coors Brewing Company and we look forward to speaking with you again at our forthcoming investor meetings and as we get to our Q4 results. So, thanks for your interest. Bye for now, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Frederic Landtmeters - Molson Coors Canada, Inc. Simon Cox - Molson Coors Brewing Co. Stewart F. Glendinning - Molson Coors Brewing Co.
Analysts: Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company, LLC Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC Christopher Michael Pitcher - Redburn (Europe) Ltd. Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for the more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that maybe discussed during the call and from time to time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars and the consolidated and U.S. segment results are presented versus pro forma results a year ago, which reflect the acquisition of MillerCoors as if it – and related financial financing had occurred on January 1, 2016. Following the prepared remarks this morning, management will take your questions. In order to allow as many people to ask questions as possible, please limit yourself to one question. If you have multiple questions, please ask your most important question first and then return to the queue in order to ask additional ones. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you, Laura and hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call and thanks for joining us today. With me on the call this morning from Molson Coors, we have Tracey Joubert, our Global CFO; Gavin Hattersley, the CEO of our U.S. business; Fred Landtmeters, our Canada CEO; Simon Cox, the CEO of Europe; Stewart Glendinning, our International CEO; Sam Walker, our Global Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer; Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, our VP of Investor Relations. On the call today, Tracey and I will take you through highlights of our second quarter 2017 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company. Along with some perspective regarding the balance of 2017. On this call along with our remarks, we're also offering slides that show both reported and constant currency results and you can view and follow along with these slides on the Investor Relations page of our website. In the second quarter, we continued to drive our First Choice for Consumers and Customers agenda, with laser focus on strengthening our core brands, premiumizing our portfolio, accelerating our international footprint, enhancing our customer partnerships, and driving the integration of MillerCoors and the Miller brands globally to unlock synergies and other cost savings. As a sign of progress against this agenda, our team delivered solid growth in constant currency net sales, global brand volume, underlying EBITDA, net income, earnings per share and free cash flow. Additionally, we exceeded our goals for cash generation and debt reduction in the first half of this year and have maintained our investment-grade debt ratings. Our second quarter performance was inline with our expectations, and we remain on track to deliver our 2017 business and financial plans, cost savings targets and cash flow goals. Now, I'll turn it over to Tracey to give second quarter financial highlights. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thank you, Mark, and hello everybody. Following are our consolidated financial headlines for the second quarter versus pro forma results a year ago, except for cash flow, which is reported on an actual basis. Global net sales per hectoliter grew 1.7% in constant currency, driven by the U.S., Canada and Europe. Worldwide total brand volume increased 2.3%, due to strong growth in Europe and International, partially as a result of adding the Miller global brands business, but also from growth in some of our core brands. Our global priority brands grew 4.6%. U.S. GAAP net income increased 4%, and underlying non-GAAP net income increased 2.9%, driven by increased brand volume, higher net pricing, positive sales mix, cost savings and lower marketing spending, partially offset by a higher underlying effective tax rate. This non-GAAP result was up nearly 50% on a reported basis, which demonstrates the substantial earnings accretion from the MillerCoors transaction. In the second quarter, we reported nearly $794 million of underlying EBITDA, a 4.2% increase from the pro forma result a year ago. In constant currency, underlying EBITDA was up 5.7%. Year-to-date underlying free cash flow was $586.7 million, which more than tripled versus $176.9 million in the first half of 2016. This significant increase was driven by the addition of the other 58% of MillerCoors cash flows, as well as lower cash paid for taxes, which were partially offset by higher cash paid for interest. With this strong free cash flow, we reduced our net debt by more than $522 million in the second quarter. Now, I'd like to share some regional highlights for the second quarter. In the U.S., we grew net sales and underlying EBITDA on a pro forma basis, with 7.9% earnings growth driven by lower MG&A expenses, higher net pricing, positive sales mix, and cost savings. U.S. domestic net sales per hectoliter, which excludes contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, grew 1% for the quarter as a result of higher net pricing and positive sales mix, partially offset by cycling a multi-year adjustment in federal excise tax expense last year. Cycling this adjustment in federal excise tax reduced our NSR per hectoliter by 40 basis points this quarter. Overall, U.S. STRs declined 1.9%, but against the backdrop of a weak industry, we achieved our best first-half market share trend in more than three years. STRs were particularly soft late in the second quarter, which drove moderately higher than planned inventories for our distributors at the end of the quarter, but also lower out of stocks around the 4th of July holiday. We expect the majority of this additional inventory to be sold through by the end of the third quarter. We grew our share of the Premium Light segment, with Coors Light achieving its ninth consecutive quarter of increased segment share and Miller Lite reaching 11 consecutive quarters of increased segment share. Overall, our Premium Light segment volumes were down low-single digits. Coors Banquet grew volume at a mid-single-digit rate and also increased segment share. Our total Above Premium segment returned to growth, up low-single digits, driven by both our regional and national craft brands. Blue Moon Belgian White, Leinenkugel's, and Peroni grew strongly, while Redd's and Henry's posted lower volume. Zima, which returned to the U.S. market for a limited period, was Nielsen's number five growth brand for the four weeks ending July, the 1st. Our below-premium brands were down low-single digits for the second consecutive quarter, a significant trend improvement from the last – the past several years. Our Canada underlying EBITDA declined 9.7% on a reported basis, primarily due to the impact of lower volume, input cost inflation, and negative foreign currency movements. Underlying EBITDA in constant currency was 7.2% lower. Overall Canada brand volume declined 1.3%, as a result of lower domestic volumes, partially driven by soft industry volume. Including the return of the Miller brands to our portfolio, we increased overall market share for the second consecutive quarter. Coors Light and Molson Canadian volumes declined in the quarter. Nonetheless, we continued to drive our First Choice agenda, including revenue management strategies, to bring momentum back to the top line. As a result, net sales per hectoliter in local currency increased 2.3%, driven by positive pricing and brand mix, primarily due to higher import brand volume. We continued to premiumize our portfolio through volume and market share gains by import brands led by Coors Banquet; above-premium craft brands including Belgian Moon and Granville Island; and the addition of the Miller brands. Europe grew underlying EBITDA 13.8%, which equates to 21.3% growth in constant currency, driven by higher volume, positive sales mix, the quarterly timing of marketing investments, increased net pension benefits, and the later timing of the Easter holiday this year. These positive factors were partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency movements. Brand volume increased 11.5% in the second quarter, primarily driven by the transfer of royalty and export brand volume across Europe from our International business and the addition of the Miller brands, along with the timing of Easter and strong growth from our core and above-premium brands. Net sales per hectoliter increased 3.7% in local currency due to positive mix and net pricing. Underlying EBITDA for our International business was a loss of $0.9 million, which improved from a loss of $1.7 million a year ago. Brand volume increased more than 40% in the second quarter to 1.2 million hectoliters. Our second quarter net sales grew more than 65% due to higher volume, along with positive pricing, while net sales per hectoliter declined 5.5% due to sales mix changes. This increase was driven by the transfer of our Puerto Rico business from MillerCoors, the addition of the Miller global brands, and Coors Light growth in Latin America, partially offset by the transfer of Europe royalty and export business to the Europe segment. In Latin America, excluding the addition of Puerto Rico, we grew Coors Light volume at a high-single-digit rate. The Miller brands integration process is continuing to progress as expected, and we have successfully exited almost all of our Transitional Service Agreements during the second quarter. In each of these instances, we have established routes to market that give us a strong platform for growth. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the second quarter, as well as our latest outlook and guidance targets. This quarter, we have made the following adjustments to our guidance metrics: We now expect cost of goods sold per hectoliter for the full year 2017 in our International business to decrease at a mid-single-digit rate, versus a double-digit decrease previously. With the dynamic tax environment in the U.S. right now, we are not changing our tax rate range of 24% to 28%, but our current view is that our full year underlying tax rate will be in the top half of this range. We now expect cash pension contributions in the range of $300 million to $320 million to defined benefit plans in 2017. This range is $200 million higher than our previous target, as we plan to make an additional discretionary contribution of $200 million to our U.S. plan in the third quarter as part of our deleveraging goal. Rating agencies treat pension under-funded status the same as debt, so this pension contribution will also benefit our investment-grade debt ratings. Note that all of these anticipated pension contributions are included in our 2017 underlying free cash flow target of $1.2 billion, plus or minus 10%. This discretionary contribution is a strong indication of the progress we are making in achieving our financial plans and quickly paying down debt. We remain committed to reducing our leverage ratio to about four times on a rating-agency basis by the end of 2018. Looking forward, we are focused on three primary financial targets – first, cash generation; we made great progress in this area in the second quarter, and we are confident that we will achieve our cash goals this year. Second, deleverage; we reduced our net debt by more than $520 million in the second quarter. And third, we continue to expect the underlying EBITDA margin growth to average between 30 basis points and 60 basis points for the next three years to four years, while we remain focused on growing our top line, as well. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Mark for the business outlook, wrap up and the Q&A. Mark?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Tracey. In 2017, we continue to focus on both top and bottom-line performance, driven by our First Choice consumer and customer agenda and the integration of MillerCoors and the Miller brands globally. My priorities remain unchanged as we shape the new Molson Coors to drive total shareholder returns over the medium to long term. I am leading for a powerful and integrated First Choice culture, the successful integration of our businesses including the associated synergy and cost savings plans, a step change in our global commercial capability to support top line growth, accelerated performance in our international markets, further global productivity improvements through World Class Supply Chain 2.0, our North American supply chain approach and global procurement, with all of this enabled by a more efficient enterprise approach across global shared services. We're also investing ahead of the curve for growth in key brands and markets. And as part of this, in the third quarter we plan to invest incrementally at an enterprise level in our brands. With this approach, we're driving for measured and sustainable performance on both the top and bottom line. Through the balance of 2017, our business unit priorities are clear and consistent. Our U.S. goal of flat volume in 2018 and growth in 2019 remains unchanged. We remain committed to Coors Light and Miller Lite accelerating their segment share gains alongside the strong volume performance of Coors Banquet, and to further improving the volume trajectory of our economy portfolio. In addition, we took key steps to strengthen and further premiumize our portfolio, including the addition of Sol, as we signed a 10-year agreement with Heineken, commencing in October of this year for us to import, market and distribute the high potential Mexican beer brand. In addition, we recently announced a partnership with Hornell Brewing Company, part of Arizona Beverages, to market and distribute a new beverage called Arnold Palmer Spiked Half & Half, which takes us into the alcohol tea market in a distinctive way. Along with a resurgent Blue Moon Belgian White, we'll continue to integrate and expand the geographic reach of our recent craft acquisitions, which are growing strongly. Encouragingly, MillerCoors shared the top spot of the 2017 Tamarron distributor survey as the best malt beverage supplier. This marks the second consecutive year that our distributors have rated us as their best brewer across a wide range of metrics, and it is a strong First Choice vote of confidence from our distributors who believe in our imperative of getting to volume growth by 2019. In Canada, we continued to drive our First Choice agenda to bring momentum back to the top line, including a relentless focus on our two largest brands, Coors Light and Molson Canadian. While still under volume pressure, these brands improved their segment share trajectory in the second quarter. In Above Premium, we're driving for further growth in the import, craft and cider segments with Coors Banquet, MGD, Creemore, Granville, Belgian Moon, and the Heineken brand family. In addition, we're beginning to leverage Miller Lite alongside Coors Light and introduced Miller High Life to simplify our economy portfolio in Canada. In order to further transform our cost base, the construction of our new British Columbia brewery is progressing well, and we recently announced plans to build a more-efficient, more flexible brewery in the Greater Montreal area in the next few years. We expect both of these brewery initiatives will unlock material savings in the medium to long term and deliver a highly efficient, fit-for-future brewery network. In Europe, while strengthening our national mainstream brands, we will continue to premiumize our portfolio with a focus on our craft portfolio, Staropramen, Coors Light and cider brands along with the addition of the Miller brands and the royalty and export business in the region. Our craft investments have consistently delivered strong returns, and we are continuing to build a craft portfolio, including Sharp's, Franciscan Well, accelerated expansion of Blue Moon in the region, and the addition of the number-one craft beer in Spain, La Sagra. In July, we also completed the purchase of Birradamare, a small Italian craft brewery based just outside of Rome, which gives us an opportunity to develop its special brands in Italy and select export markets. Finally, Staropramen is growing very strongly across our European markets, and we've now unified the brand visual identity across the Czech Republic and all international markets. Our International business will continue to leverage our strong global brands, partnerships and commercial capabilities around the world to grow, in particular Coors, Miller and Blue Moon. One action we are taking is to lift and shift the original white can packaging for Miller Lite to all markets globally in the second half of this year. The scaled-up International business requires upfront investments to grow our brands, and our MG&A will be higher this year, funded by a 2017 step change in gross profit, as we lay the foundation for accelerating top and bottom-line growth from 2018 onwards. In summary, in the second quarter we continued to drive our First Choice for Consumer and Customer agenda in each of our businesses to deliver top and bottom-line performance. As a sign of progress against this agenda, our teams delivered solid growth across all key financial measures. We exceeded our goals for cash generation and debt reduction in the first half of this year, and we've maintained our investment-grade debt ratings. Our second quarter performance was inline with our expectations, and we remain on track to deliver our 2017 business and financial plans, cost savings targets, and cash flow goals. Equally important, we continue to make progress in our First Choice for Consumers and Customers agenda in each of our businesses, and we will remain resolute on PACC as a key business decision framework, using our cash to reward investors and critically ensure a healthy balance sheet, reducing costs to provide top line investment firepower, and making smart investments that deliver brand-led growth and shareholder value. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, just a quick comment; as usual, our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Although we will not host a follow-up Investor Relations conference call later today, Dave Dunnewald and Kevin Kim will be available via telephone or email to assist with any additional questions you may have regarding our quarterly results. Additionally, we hope to see many of you at the Barclays Global Consumer Staples Conference in Boston in early September, or at one of our other investor outreach events in the months ahead. So, at this point, Laura, I would like to open up for questions, please. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question today will come from Andrea Teixeira of JPMorgan.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just wanted to follow-up a bit with the STRs and STWs into the quarter. And related to that, do you think that marketing spend, as you incurred, if you can elaborate? And I think also, you – at the same time, you said you're going to be investing more in marketing. So, I wanted to relay the message in the U.S., in particular. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Hi, Andrea. Gavin, do you want to pick up on STR/STW question specifically?
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Sure, Mark. Thanks. Good morning, Andrea. Look, in June, we filled the orders that our distributors placed and when you couple that with lower-than-expected industry-wide sales, it did increase our distributor inventory at the end of the quarter by a couple of days. On the positive side, the higher level of inventory really helped us to increase our service levels, coming into the 4th of July holiday and that worked well for us as we had a 22% reduction in distributor out-of-stocks compared to the last year. On a full-year basis there, Andrea, our year-to-date STRs are down 2% and our STWs are down 2.1%. So they are converging. And we duly estimate that our Q3 distributor inventory levels will be in line with the prior year. So that implies a pullback in inventories, as Mark said in his prepared remarks. And for the year-end inventory levels, we'll continue to evaluate that, but our current expectation is to ship to consumption within the year.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Gavin. And then, Andrea, just on the other part of your question. With regard to our marketing investments for the year, I mean, clearly, quarter-to-quarter, there is always some fluctuations depending on the timing of activity. We expect our marketing investment on enterprise level to be slightly higher in the third quarter compared to last year. But right across our business, the number one priority with our marketing spend is to drive higher effectiveness and productivity. You've seen that with the use of the return on marketing investment model or ROMI in the U.S. We've now rolled that into the Canada business and it's starting to really unlock some significant efficiency savings, and we'll be taking that into the UK later this year and into 2018. So, we'll continue to retain the flexibility on our discretionary line items on our P&L to ensure that we deliver our bottom line, but we will also balance that with ensuring that we're investing at the right level to drive our brand performance. And I think, you've seen that with our share performance virtually across all of our markets.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, would you say – that's very helpful. Would you say that the marketing spend decline was mostly non-working spending decline or how – just to help us bridge that the improvement in margin, if that is recurrent?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Some of it was timing. Some of it was non-working, and you're starting to see the benefit of us really now looking an aggregated approach in terms of our marketing spend, our agency partners and our procurement impact as we drive our global procurement agenda. So, that some of that's starting to play through in terms of unlocking value which we can either drop to the bottom line or invest back in the business. That's good news as the integration proceeds positively.
Andrea F. Teixeira - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you, both.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Andrea.
Operator: And our next question comes from Laurent Grandet of Credit Suisse.
Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yes. Good morning, everyone. I've got a question, I mean, on contract brewing. It has been declining by about 16% in the quarter. What was the driver? I mean, is it structural or is it kind of the running rate of, I mean, the manufacturers you are saying too, or how should we think about these going forward, as it has impacted your top line growth, revenue per hectoliter, and bottom line.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. So, Laurent, thanks for the question. So, I mean clearly contract brewing is something which is an arm's length relationship that we have. It's included within our financial volume, but it's not a focus for the leadership team and the business. So, the majority of people in our organization we have to deliver on the demand that comes through from the third parties that we have that contract brewing relationship with. So, to be honest the contract brewing volumes will fluctuate based on the success of those third party brands in the marketplace and we can't really influence that. And I would just remind you it's relatively low margin business. Clearly it gives us overhead recovery. So, it's not a big driver of our overall financial performance.
Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Yeah. So, therefore should we think about you thinking about moving away from this business and how we should think about the pubs business you are manufacturing in the U.S.?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Well, I think, the pub situations are relatively well publicized situations. Clearly, we're in a litigation process at the moment, and that will hopefully come to a conclusion as we get into 2018. So, I really don't want to comment any further on that at this stage.
Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you very much. I appreciate that. Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Laurent.
Operator: And the next question will come from Vivien Azer of Cowen.
Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company, LLC: Hi. Thank you so much. And before I ask my question, I just wanted to say that the new press release format was super helpful. So, thank you for that. It was a much easier earnings update this morning. So, on the Above Premium, so nice to see that that's back into growth. Gavin, perhaps, could you comment on how that benefited your price mix realization in the quarter?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Sure. Sure, Mark. Thanks. Look, I mean, if you break out our pricing recovery, Vivien, we got 80 basis points of net pricing growth that obviously excludes the 40 basis points impact of the FET drawbacks. And our sales mix added about 60 basis points. And it was attributed really to the improvement we saw across the board in our Above Premium portfolio just driven by the performance of the new craft companies. The Leinenkugel's Shandy brands, I mean, we're on track to have a record summer with Shandy, Blue Moon Belgian White, and of course, the limited time release of Zima. And we also saw in the second quarter, Henry's trends improved relative to Q1 when the brand was tackling it's the first quarter in the market from 2016. So, I would say those are the hard spots in the Above Premium, Vivien.
Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thank you very much for that. As well staying on the U.S. business please, could you elaborate on your comment on the softening at the end of the quarter? What do you think that's attributed to? And as a kind of part two to that question, could you also comment on the promotional activity in the – that you've been seeing for the category as a whole? Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Gavin, straight back at you?
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Mark. Vivien, you're right. It's no secret that the beer industry in June was soft according to Nielsen, and we did see some growth in wine and spirits accelerating in June. And particularly, in the low end with some promotional activity, particularly with vodka. From a beer industry point of view, we obviously need to take wine and spirits seriously as an industry. And as I mentioned at the BR Conference in July, we need to be pro-beer first and try to differentiate our category from wine and spirits, and we need to do that together. And at MillerCoors, we're committed to investing in our brands and transforming our portfolio to bringing incremental drinkers into the category. And you'll see us continue to make bold moves like we have with the economic strategy, we've got the full craft partners and we've recently signed those agreements with Sol and with Arnold Palmer Spiked. So, June was a rough month from an industry point of view but that's all it was. It was one month and I'm optimistic about what's ahead for MillerCoors in the industry and I'm confident the industry is going to come together and focus on what's really important for us, which is the quality of our beers and the consumers that enjoy them. From a second part of your question, we're not raising a fundamental deceleration of pricing overall in the U.S. There's always some level of promotional activity in – during summer and 2017 is no different. If you look at it over a longer timeframe, our full year 2016 net pricing growth, it's actually slightly higher than our full year of 2015. So, no real fundamental deceleration.
Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Gavin. Thanks, Vivien. And, Vivien, thanks for your feedback as well on the financial release. That's much appreciated.
Operator: The next question will come from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning and I also echo Vivien's comment about the release being much cleaner here, so thank you for that. So, Tracey, I guess I just wanted to clarify your free cash flow guidance. So, it's obviously unchanged, but there is additional $200 million of pension contribution. You talked about the first half coming in better than you expected from a cash generation standpoint. So, can you just talk about what's driving and sort of – or these improvements kind of sustainable as we go into 2018 and 2019?
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Hi, Judy. So, just a couple of things. As I've said before, my priority is to generate free cash flow as quickly as possible, so that we can deleverage, and we've made that commitment to the rating agencies to be around four times by the end of 2018. So, U.S., I mean, we are generating stronger free cash flow and that has allowed us to make this incremental contribution to our U.S. pension plan. So, that is the U.S. pension plan. So I do want to remind you that pension contributions are deductible for tax. That $200 million in gross. You would need to tax effect that to get the net number. And then, the other part that goes in to our free cash flow is obviously our working capital and the timing of working capital does play into the guidance that we've given of the $1.2 billion, plus or minus 10%. And in terms of looking forward to 2018, we're not ready to give guidance here for 2018. We will do that early in 2018 to help with that.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And, Tracey, can you maybe just update on kind of the improvement or stuffs that you've seen on the cost savings front? You talked about the $175 million plus for the full year. Can you at least tell us if you've gotten about halfway of this already? And as you've kind of implemented some of the plans, what have you been seeing in terms of perhaps further opportunities to unlock some of the cost savings going forward?
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. So, Judy, look, we – our cost savings and synergy plans are on track. And so, we are pleased that we are delivering the cost savings. We have, as you rightly mentioned, we've said that for 2017, it is going to be more than the $175 million. However, we are not breaking that up quarter-by-quarter because that number does fluctuate and this is for the full year, it will be more than $175 million and we are very pleased with our plan so far to deliver the $550 million over the three years.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Judy, it's Mark. Just to give you a little bit more color on that. I mean, if you look at the constituent parts, the cost savings program. So, really solid progress on our global procurement, that's integrating and as we push into that, clearly, some things we're looking to try and accelerate. We're pushing harder into some of the retail (32:43) opportunities that we didn't have the visibility to as we went through due diligence ahead of the deal closing. North American supply chain, we've now started to move some volume, announced we're moving some volume from the U.S. up into Canada. And our global shared service initiative is very much on track. Leadership team is in place. Our shared service center in Romania is up and running and performing strongly. And I feel very good about how that is developing and we'll really start to, I think, deliver ongoing savings as we get to the end of 2018 and into 2019. IT integration is performing strongly and our global commercial group is really coming together powerfully as well. So, literally, six months to nine months post-closing, I would say, very, very solid progress on all fronts.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Powers of UBS.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you. Good morning. Just a quick follow-up on free cash flow and pension for Tracey and then maybe a broader question Mark for you. First, Tracey, I think you had previously indicated that we should expect another $100 million plus being contributed against the pension next year and 2018 as well. So, in that context is this higher 2017 contribution a pull forward that would eliminate that need or should we still expect an incremental $100 million, $120 million as a use of cash in 2018? And then Mark, broader question. I think, it's fair to say that there was a good deal of consternation coming out of the June Analyst Day specifically around the 30 basis points to 60 basis points of annualized EBITDA margin expansion that you expect going forward. And I guess I'd just like to get your reaction to the concerns that arose, many of which I'm sure you've heard. I mean, whether or not, you think they were rooted in any kind of misunderstandings that you might be able to clarify. From my perspective, I think, many investors have been hoping that while the rate of EBITDA margin expansion that you guided to was maybe below Street expectations, that perhaps your EBITDA dollar expectations were more in line under the assumption that you've embedded more optimistic top line assumptions into your outlook. And I'd just like to get a sense of, if you think that's fair, if you thought about providing further clarity maybe in the form of dollar-based EBITDA outlook, more color around the top line assumptions or anything else. And again, I'm just trying to get a sense for how you've reacted to the markets interpretation of your June messaging and whether it's impacted your thinking at all about how you may communicate going forward. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Steve. There was a lot in that – I think the first question on free cash flow and pension where that's going forward, do you want to pick up, Tracey?
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. So, hi, Steve. So, the additional contributions that we made is to the U.S. plan. So, it is pulling forward next year's contributions. We had an opportunity to do that. However, the U.S. isn't the only pension plan. So, I don't want to say that there won't be any further contributions to pension plans, but this one is a pull forward for the U.S. plans. Having said that, there's a number of things that enter our decisions as to the amount to contribute to our pension plans, and one of those is market performance against our assets. So, depending on how the assets perform, will also tell us how much we need to contribute. And then just going forward, we're not going to give any contribution guidance at this stage, but we will do that again early next year, depending again as how our assets and our plan performs.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Tracey. And then, Steve, just to your perspective coming out of the Analyst Day in June, I think, the messaging back to us was loud and clear. And clearly, we've had further discussions with our Board based on some of that feedback. I think we feel good about the guidance that we've offered. I think if there was any miss or disconnect that relates to the fact that our aspiration for our business is to improve the trajectory of our top line. And that top line plus our EBITDA margin expansion which I believe is measured and balanced over the medium term allows us to drive our bottom line EBITDA performance in a sustainable way. And I think, in a number of conversations I've had with investors, I've clarified that – clearly, I will retain flexibility on the P&L if we believe that the top line isn't coming through because markets are softer or there's other factors, we'll retain the flexibility to protect their absolute profit performance. And that's what we've agreed with our Board. So, I think, if there's any message, maybe a lack of belief in our ability to get our top line moving. But I think you have seen certainly in our current quarter results that we are making that happen in many parts of our business. We're driving initiatives that are going to further premiumize our portfolio. And there's two been announced already in the U.S. We continue to work on others. And we're seeing very, very strong volume growth, which is an impact to our total level in our international business, and I believe, there's a lot more to come there as well. So, our belief is that we'll deliver absolute profit growth and we'll do that with a balance of an improved top line delivery on our costs and synergy targets, but with flexibility retained on our P&L to protect that bottom line performance.
Stephen R. Powers - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you both for the perspective on both those questions. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Swartzberg of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. And it's actually a natural progression to the question you just answered, Mark, and it pertain specifically to Canada and your comments about premiumization surely apply there, and yet if we look at establishing revenue momentum in Canada it seems like it's a rather – it's been a rather elusive outcome. So, my question is still simply, number one, how impactful do you think having these Miller brands is to your capacity to achieve the momentum that really hasn't evidenced itself? And then, number two, if you think about spending, if you think about execution, you think incremental additions to your portfolio, what you currently lack in the high-end. What's still necessary to achieve in a structural sense the momentum that hasn't quite materialized in Canada?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Let me offer a few headlines. If I miss anything, Fred, then let me know. Clearly the addition of the Miller brands back into the portfolio in Canada is meaningful and you've seen share growth now in Q1 and in Q2 which is very encouraging including the addition of those brands. And I believe there's more potential to come because it's certainly over the course of the last 12 months to 18 months, the brands weren't particularly well supported or focused on by the previous owners. But we've seen share growth come through and we've seen consistent solid pricing growth come through in the first and second quarter. Unfortunately in the second quarter, industry was very soft in the months of May. So excluding May, we've actually been pretty much on track for our plan for this year. Premiumization of the portfolio is working very positively. You do have to remember clearly, a large part of that premiumization effort is in partner brands, so not all of the field margin flows through on our P&L. But clearly the biggest kind of the driver of overall profit improvement will be improved performance in both Coors Light and Molson Canadian. They're such a large part of our portfolio. It's priority one, two, and three for Fred and the team. We've seen sequential improvements in our share performance, but clearly, we're still not satisfied with absolute volume numbers, and we're seeing some very encouraging pockets of improvement, particularly in the West, national accounts, LCBO, et cetera. But we've still got more work to do there. So I'm encouraged with the inputs. Still not satisfied with the outputs is probably how I would mark ourselves at this stage, Mark.
Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's great and helpful. And if I could follow up with you or Fred, what I'm hearing, Mark, is that you don't consider it primarily a question of increasing spending on the brands at a faster rate than inflation, say, for example, that it's not primarily a spending problem, although spending obviously has its place. But is that a fair characterization? And then when you think about priorities other than one, two and three, namely the amount of products you have in the high end, do you think you need to be more aggressive buying craft brewers or doing other things to partner with other import entities, something to allow you to participate even more fully in the import and the high-end segment of Canada?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Actually, there were a lot of constituent parts to that question. I think if you look at the shape of our portfolio in above premium, I think we've got a very broad and deep portfolio. There's maybe one or two geographical gaps that Fred and the team are currently looking at, at the moment. But I think it's very much about just further improvement of momentum there and premiumization of the total portfolio. I mean, Fred, do you want to offer any color around that?
Frederic Landtmeters - Molson Coors Canada, Inc.: Yeah. Actually, thanks, Mark. Just maybe one thing to add, and I agree with the topics you raised. One thing to add to Mark's question is probably the performance we're recording in the Western part of the country. I think I am indeed very encouraged by the share growth we are enjoying. I am encouraged by the premiumization of the portfolio has translated into strong NSR per hectoliter growth. In the Western part of the country, there's a number of provinces where the momentum has already translated in absolute volume growth in Q2 and on a year-to-date basis. And that's what is actually encouraging me to think that we can win the top line battle going forward, and we're keeping our focus on it. From a spending perspective, I'm confident that we have the right amount of spend in place. I think it was mentioned before that we're trying to increase the effectiveness of our spend, so that's definitely high on our agenda. But I think we're pulling the right levers in my view, and ultimately I'm confident that that is going to pay off.
Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you. Very helpful.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Mark, just to add maybe two more comments on that front, because I think this is important, that there's no expectation that we need to step up our spend in Canada. If anything, we want to drive further effectiveness on our spend, and we've taken the return on marketing investment model from the U.S. into Canada, and that's starting to throw up some very interesting opportunities for us to drive further efficiency. We've got a major initiative now up and running with a new resource in Québec in particular around our trade promotional investment, and again that's starting to really, I think, pay dividends. We've taken Building with Beer from the U.S. and have launched that in Canada as well, which drives executional effectiveness at the front-end of the business. And I think I mentioned last year that Sergey Yeskov who was our GM and President for our business in Croatia and Bosnia is now leading the whole of our sales force. And I'm delighted with the progress that Sergey is making again driving much enhanced sales execution at the front-end of the business. So it's still early days but very encouraged by the combination of both front-end execution and just the way that Fred's leading the business around kind of prioritization and spend effectiveness.
Mark David Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Super helpful. Thank you, gentlemen.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Frederic Landtmeters - Molson Coors Canada, Inc.: Good morning, Bryan.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Hey, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I have a question related to the plans to build a new brewery in Montréal. And I guess a couple questions related to it. First, I think in the press there was like a $500 million number that was being reported on in terms of the investment. I'm not sure if you've actually said yet how much you think it would cost. So some perspective on that. Whether or not the build-out will be included in sort of normal CapEx or if we'll end up with an elevated CapEx level related to it? And then finally in terms of the cost savings related to that brewery, is that inside the $550 million or would that be above and beyond the current $550 million savings plan?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. So let me pick that up specifically, Bryan. So, firstly, the cost savings number is not in the $550 million because the brewery build-out is beyond the guidance we've given around 2017 to 2019. So that will be included in our next three-year cost-saving cycle, so more to come on that. Our assumption is it's included within our current free cash flow and CapEx guidance going forward. So we'll manage that within our existing envelope. And the way to think about the Montréal brewery build-out, and clearly this is something we looked at in a lot of detail. We have two options. One was to develop a brownfield site on our existing site – and I'm not going to give you specific numbers, but let's just say that was hundreds of millions of dollars – are building a greenfield site, which again is hundreds of millions of dollars. The greenfield site drives significantly enhanced productivity and cost savings numbers versus trying to build out a greenfield. So far a relatively small incremental investment. We get a significant return that pays back very quickly because of the ongoing cost savings. And certainly from a pack perspective, it makes an awful lot of sense for us. And I think once we are into further conversations and communication with our employees and confirmation of the exact site, we can give you a little bit more detail. But hopefully that deals with the three parts of your question.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's very helpful. And just in terms of the existing – the property that you own today ...
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yes.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: ...will it be similar to Vancouver where you could potentially sell it to fund or have you made plans yet with that property?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: It will be similar in terms of selling to – unfortunately the real estate market in Québec isn't quite as hot as the real estate market in (48:18) Vancouver. So I wish it was, but clearly that site will help offset some of the cost, and the intention is to retain a heritage and brew pub vehicle or presence on that site as well just to underpin our legacy in Montréal and Québec.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks for the perspective.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: And next we have a question from Rob Ottenstein of Evercore.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Thank you very much, and nice quarter and a very, very helpful conference call so far. Thank you. I was wondering if you could give us – you touched on a little bit in the beginning but a little bit more detail on how Coors Light is doing outside of the U.S. in aggregate. I think you gave us a Latin American number, but how is it doing in general? And also Miller Lite, that brand I think you had alluded to had not gone perhaps as much support over the last couple of years. How that is starting to come along and a little bit more detail on the transition to your system and partners, please.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. So, thanks, Robert. Thanks for your comments. Let me ask both Simon and Stewart to comment on this. So, obviously, Coors Light in UK and Ireland is a big brand. Simon, do you want to just offer a couple of headlines around the Coors Light performance and MCE? And then, Stewart, do you want to pick up on Coors and Miller transition for MCI?
Simon Cox - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yes. Thank you, Mark. So, as Mark stated, the Coors Light brand in Europe is really predominantly a UK and Ireland brand. And frankly, it continues to perform very well. We're investing behind, as you know, premiumizing our portfolio. That's working very sell. Coors Light is a big part of it. And once again, Coors Light showed double-digit growth in the UK and Ireland. So a brand with real momentum that we're very pleased with, we're going to continue to invest behind, and those investments are really paying off for us.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. And I think in scale terms, Simon, we'll be roughly what kind of size now for Coors Light?
Simon Cox - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. MAT will be something like 1.3 million hectoliters now, Mark, and obviously continuing to grow strongly. So very positive.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. Thanks, Simon. Stewart, do you want to pick up on progress in international markets?
Stewart F. Glendinning - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yes. So, Robert, thanks for the questions. So, first of all, your question relative to the transitions, as Mark mentioned in the call, they've been going very well. We're almost all of the TSAs now and having the brands both – well, Miller in our own hands is going to allow us to drive the brands much more aggressively. We're certainly seeing improvement on Miller where we have taken over the brands. There are a number of markets, as we mentioned, which we think didn't receive the attention, but they're getting our full attention now and we think we've got an excellent platform. One thing to note is that both on MGD and Miller Lite, we will see new global campaigns coming out on those brands, and specific to Miller Lite, we'll be rolling out the white cans globally, and I think that's going to make a big impact on the brand. With respect to Coors Light, the brand has been growing partly, including in Puerto Rico, even though the market is struggling as an industry. We grew share in the market broadly across Latin America. We were up high-single digits. And I think most importantly actually is that Miller itself has opened up a number of markets where Coors Light is not currently being sold, and that will give us the opportunity to expand Coors Light even faster.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Great. And then as a follow up, just kind of going back to Europe, it looked like you did very well there, but the results are a little bit confusing because there's a lot of moving parts. Could you talk about kind of the – if you will, the organic growth in Europe as much as you can in terms on an apples-to-apples basis?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. So the confusion comes from my desire to ensure that we've gotten kind of pan-European approach, so bear with us as we go through this year, Robert. But, Simon, do you want to kind of deconstruct that as best you can to give a better sense of the underlying strength of the business?
Simon Cox - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. I guess the concern with the results could be that is it all coming from things that we've transferred in. So Miller brands or the exports and license brands in all MCI. And that, of course, does play a positive role in the numbers. But to give you some real reassurance. If you strip that away, we would still have good volume growth on the underlying and core business through both our core brands and growth in our premium brands. We would still have positive pricing, and we would still have positive mix. So the underlying business has pulled the hat trick this quarter with volume, pricing, and mix, and I think any quarter that we do that in Europe would be a very strong quarter. I think particularly pleasing is where we're putting our marketing investments, particularly behind premiumizing the portfolio on the existing business that's working. So Staropramen has great momentum; frankly, more or less across every country that we're putting it into Europe, and we've unified the visual identity of Staropramen in the Czech Republic and internationally, which helps us really market that brand efficiently and consistently. We talked about Coors Light, which continues to be a star for us. Blue Moon, we're really starting to see that accelerate, particularly in UK and Ireland, and our craft volumes continue to perform well. So just to give you some reassurance, if you strip away some of the tailwinds that we get through the acquisition and the transfer in, we still had a very solid performance underlying. And all those inputs have led to – if you strip away currency, a 21% increase in EBITDA. So, overall, I would say a very, very strong performance in Europe, both supported by some of the transfers in, but more importantly a very strong performance in the underlying business also.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: So organic growth low-single digit, mid-single digit, can you give us a sense, please?
Simon Cox - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. I don't want to disaggregate too much, but we've been between those two numbers, something like that.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: That's a great answer, Simon. Okay. Thanks, Robert.
Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Brett Cooper of Consumer Edge Research.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning, guys. A couple of questions.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Good morning.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC: This quarter, we saw two license agreements in the U.S. you alluded to. Just wondering is this somehow a broader strategy to broaden your portfolio assuming this will end up being lower margins since your licensed? And then kind of a follow-up to a comment you made in terms of having higher distributor inventories leading to meaningful reductions in out of stock. So, I guess, the question is why not keep those higher along peak periods, assume that the returns are pretty positive given lost sales from out of stocks? So, if you can get into those, I'd appreciate it. Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. So, Gavin, do you want to think about the second question, and then I'll answer the first questions. So, on the first in terms of license agreement, to be fair, Brett, if you look at our business, we've got a long history of partnering to ensure that we've got a broad and deep portfolio and whether that's with companies like Heineken or Carlsberg or some independent companies we've attempted to ensure that in the markets that we compete in, we're offering the right portfolio from a consumer and a customer perspective. I've called out and as a leadership team we're leading for the premiumization of our portfolio. And we think about that across three fronts we describe as build, buy or borrow. So building would be creating something new, probably a great example of that would be Redd's in our portfolio which didn't exist three years or four years ago, and is a big brand. Buying is the number of acquisitions that we've made, craft acquisitions and/or setting up license arrangements and things like Sol and AriZona into that grouping. And then the third area is around borrowing. So I mentioned in my script, for example, we'll be taking Miller High Life into Canada from the U.S. and we've got other examples as we've moved our brands around the world. So, that's how we think about building out our portfolio. We are pretty flexible. Clearly, when we do set up with the license agreement or a partnership, we do have to share the margin. But I'd rather share the margin and add to a margin as opposed to not compete in some parts of the industry, and I think that's working effectively for us. And we're working hard to building out the portfolio in all of our markets, and hopefully there'll be other initiatives to talk to you and the investors about in due course. So, more to come on that front, but I think good progress so far. And then, Gavin, do you want to talk about distributor inventories and then perhaps in out-of-stocks?
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Sure, Mark. Thanks. And, Brett, yes, you're absolutely right and we are doing that. So, if you look at the fact that we came into this year with higher distributor inventories at the end of December that was to make sure that we improved our performance in this sort of January timeframe, which has traditionally been a bit of a difficult month for us because of our start-up of the breweries coming out of the seasonal festivities, and that worked well for us, and out-of-stocks reduced meaningfully there. And we do it when we head into Memorial Day. This one obviously had an impact because it crossed over a quarter with the timing of July, the 4th. We've also introduced safety stocks of some of our faster-moving SKUs. And overall, I think, you will see a – and there has been a meaningful improvement in our service levels to our distributors.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Great. Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Gavin. Thanks, Brett. I think, there's a couple more questions hope to come through.
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from Chris Pitcher of Redburn.
Christopher Michael Pitcher - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: Thank you very much for taking the question. A couple of follow-up questions on Europe. I know, you've said specifically that the underlying business had a strong quarter. But looking at the development in revenue per hectoliter it does look like there was a good sequential improvement Q2 into Q1. I was wondering if it's possible to talk a bit more in detail about that. Any particular markets where you're seeing pricing improving? And then, secondly, you mentioned timing of marketing spend. Can I confirm that was a shift from Q2 into Q1 or should we expect a further pickup in marketing for the balance of the year in Europe?
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. So, Simon, did you manage to get both those questions? Do you want to take both of them?
Simon Cox - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. I'm having a good day. Yeah. So, in terms of pricing and mix, so as you've seen in our release, our NSR per hectoliter was up 3.7%. That was more driven by mix than by pricing. So, pricing was about 0.3% and mix was 3.4%. And what we're trying to do in Europe and this is obviously not unique, we try and make sure that we have a good balance between our volume growth, our pricing growth and our mix, and we try and make sure those three levers are in fairly good calibration. And if we can get all three moving at the same time, then we would really regard that as a very positive quarter. I'd like a little bit more on pricing, but the environment isn't always allowing us to do that, and therefore I think our volume result being as it is and our mix result being as it is gives us actually a very strong underlying revenue growth story. And it's premiumization that's really helping us do that. So, without wanting to be too repetitive, it's really the investments that we're putting behind Staropramen which has a premiumizing effect on our revenue, it's Coors Light in the UK and then it's our Blue Moon and craft portfolio and then some other investments that we're putting behind our Central European premiumization program. So, that's the main drivers of that. In terms of marketing spend, if you look at our long-term history, we've been increasing marketing spend year-on-year since we made the StarBev acquisition in 2012, and that's what's been driving a lot of our positive results. Quarter-by-quarter, we'll always going to get a little bit of volatility. So, I don't want to give you too much of a steer on that quarter-by-quarter because I just don't think that's necessarily helpful. We did spend more in Q1 and we did spend a little less in Q2. That's not necessarily anything systemic. We want to invest where it's most effective. And our view this year is we just needed to move some of those programs around, and particularly get off to a good start by investing more in Q1. But generally speaking, it's the same answer you've got from Canada or in America that timings may vary from quarter-to-quarter. But overall, we're just trying to make sure that we're efficient in terms of our investments. And I think if you look at our outputs, again, volume, price, and mix, then our marketing investments are working very well for us. But you will see a little bit of variability quarter-to-quarter and I wouldn't read too much into it.
Christopher Michael Pitcher - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: So, I'm not wanting to hog the call. But – and forgive me if you've been gone through this in detail before, but in terms of the Punch transaction that's pending, have you given ever the percentage of your volume which goes through the Punch A states previously?
Simon Cox - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. I mean, we – no, we haven't and we wouldn't intend to disclose that either. I mean, just to give you some context, there's over 100,000 licensed outlets in the UK on-trade of which Punch A represents less than 2%. So, we wouldn't be overly concerned about that. The other thing to notice is that obviously a large majority of that estate is the lease-intensive estates, where the ultimate decision makers on what gets put on the bar are the tenants and the licensees. And whilst we would expect some of that to be influenced by Heineken's purchase, it's not the same as having a manager stays in our brands to compete very, very effectively in that sector of the marketplace. So, I'm not factoring that in significantly to our UK performers which continues to be very strong.
Christopher Michael Pitcher - Redburn (Europe) Ltd.: Thank you very much.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Chris. I think there's one or two more questions.
Operator: Yes. Our next question will come from Pablo Zuanic of SIG.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you. Good morning. I've got a couple of questions for Tracey and then for Gavin. So, Tracey, obviously EBIT margins for MillerCoors for six months up about 80 bps. Company in total, EBIT margins flat – EBITDA margins flat. MillerCoors very good 80 bps. So, the question is when you gave that guidance of 30 bps to 60 bps medium term total consolidated EBITDA margin expansion, was the assumption that there will be headwinds at some of the divisional level? I mean, obviously, there's a jump in corporate overhead this year, but it's bolstered by year two, year three corporate overheads as a percentage of sales is stable. I'm assuming that Europe and MCI should contribute to margin expansion and Canada should not be a headwind. But I'm just trying to understand if you can give us some color where in terms of that algorithm. Because obviously MillerCoors is running at a faster pace than that. And the second quarter for you, Tracey, if my numbers are right, your EBITDA margins comps in the second half at MillerCoors are a lot easier, if I can use that word, than in the first half. So, you should be able to run significantly better than the 80 bps expansion that you've shown in the first. So, that's for you. And in the meantime I'll just ask Gavin my questions also. So, Gavin, I know the area...
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Pablo. Pablo, it's Mark. Let's just pause there so that we can deal with these one at a time.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. That's fine. Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: On the first, Gavin, do you want to just talk to the EBITDA margin progress in the U.S. and I think if you can maybe just reference the progress that we made coming out of 2016 and the progress we've made in 2017. And then I'll come back and ask Tracey just then to give a broader perspective on enterprise level and what we're trying to do from an EBITDA margin perspective. So, Gavin, do you want to just talk about the progress that the U.S. team has been making on EBITDA margin expansion?
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Sure. Yeah. I mean we actually came out of last year in Q4 quite strongly. So, I'm not totally sure I agree with you Pablo on the comps are going to be easier, Q4 was actually quite tough. And of course the focus that we're placing on Above Premium and shifting our portfolio and accelerating the Above Premium is obviously having a benefit as you saw in our mix benefits in the second quarter, Pablo. And of course we continue to focus on cost of goods sold, which is low single-digits in the quarter and from a guidance point of view. And Mark talked quite extensively about the work that we're doing on marketing spending and ROMI, and more effectively spending our money and the benefits of becoming part of a global procurement organization as to how we leverage the synergies and the agency cost. So, that's what I would say on the margin, Mark.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. And I think as we've talked about in the past Pablo I mean we know exactly where the opportunities are in the U.S. We're chasing those down. We saw very good EBITDA margin expansion last year and that's continued into this year. But Tracey do you want to just give a broader perspective as we think from an enterprise perspective?
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. So, a couple of things maybe just to keep in mind. So, Gavin did mentioned the fourth quarter of last year for the U.S. Just to give a number around that, we're cycling in Q4 for MillerCoors, and a pre-tax income increase of 42%. So, that's a big headwind for us in Q4. The other thing just to mention is we – in Q3 we're cycling one more quarter of the Canada brand amortization. If you recall in Q4 of last year we reclassified some of our brands to definite lives. So, we've got one more quarter of that cycle in Q3. And then the other thing just to mention from a Canada point of view is the COGS per hectoliter last year in Q4 was actually a reduction, so recycling very positive performance in Q4 of last year. And then another headwind just to consider is we do have the higher corporate cost as you mentioned. We are investing, for example, behind our global business services that we opened in May in Romania, and we're investing behind the shared service center that we'll be keeping in Milwaukee. So, there is a couple of costs to consider for this year that we will be investing and also cycling some performance. And then, again, just to remind you, the 30 basis points to 60 basis points, we do look at that over a longer term, so three years to four years.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: So, I think...
Tracey Joubert - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: So, yes.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, I think the only thing I would add, Pablo, is just connect that to my earlier comments that we've tried to, I think, deliver what we believe will be a measured and sustainable improvement and our overall EBITDA margins, and connect that with our aspiration and our plan to get our top line moving. So, those two things have got to work in tandem. So, hopefully I've given you some color around your first question. I think, your second question is (1:08:13).
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yeah. Understood. Thank you very much for that. I'm sorry about the follow-up. So, it's more for Gavin I guess two questions. For two quarters in a row, your STRs have been two points to three points better than what is kind of data implied. And in the past, you had been the opposite, one point to two points worse. So, I assume that it means you are doing better in developing terms in liquor stores, independents and on premise. So, if you can comment on that. And the second question just more in general. If you can give us an update in terms of what's happening in the mass retail channels, supermarkets in particular in terms of space allocation, has the beer space been reduced in absolute terms, or – and/or is the space being managed in a different way by the retailers in terms of what they give to craft. If you can give us an update on that, that would be useful. Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Pablo. Gavin, over to you for both of those.
Gavin Hattersley - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Thanks, Mark. Thanks, Pablo. Look, yeah, hard for me to give you an answer as to why there's a different between what you're seeing in Nielsen and the other industry guys and what we're coming up with. What I can say to you is that on-premise volume trends continue to underperform relative to off-premise. And there's obviously a number of factors that are driving that lower foot traffic due to the economic impact and the economic environment. And frankly, the on-premise business has lost a relatively greater share to wine and hard liquors. From a MillerCoors perspective in recent quarters, we've narrowed that gap with our on-premise volume trends actually improving and a big part of that is building with beer which is being well received by the retailers. And we're also taking that into C stores, liquor stores and grocery. So, that's what I would say on that. As far as shelf space is concerned, obviously premium and economy segments are facing lots of challenges from a category headwind point of view, and from shelf spaces as well. But consumer interest in those segments remains really high, and it still represents 60% of the beer sold in the United States. So, from a retailer perspective, premium and economy priced lagers do remain the fastest moving brands in the industry, and they've proven to be profitable. So, reallocating shelf space to brands that have lower velocities like Mexican imports doesn't really make a whole lot of business sense. And we believe that all three price segments play an important role for the category, just as they do for wine and spirits, and we participate in all three of those segments. So, taking away shelf space from premium and economy segment is not going to help grow the category, because as we saw with the economy drinker, when you ignore them, they just end up going to wine and spirits. So hope that answers your question.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you. Very helpful.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: I think, the only thing I would add to what Gavin said, and so spot on is that as we've seen the craft segment slowdown and many retailers actually focused on simplifying the crafts space within the context of the total beer space. And we've seen that already and I think you'll see more of that to come over the course of the next 12 months to 24 months. So, Pablo, thanks for your questions. I think, Laura, that's where we're wrapped on questions, is that correct?
Operator: That is correct. I was just going to turn it back over to you, Mr. Hunter.
Mark R. Hunter - Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Okay. So, Laura, thank you and thanks everybody for your interest in the Molson Coors Brewing Company. Also many thanks for the feedback on our quarterly reporting. Hopefully, you recognize that you've been heard and we've made some improvements. Please keep your feedback coming, it's invaluable and we'll continue to try and drive a real clarity and transparency as we continue the dialogues. So, thanks again and we look forward to seeing many of you in Boston next month. Thank you.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracey Joubert - Global CFO Mark Hunter - President & CEO Gavin Hattersley - CEO, U.S. Business David Dunnewald - VP, IR Simon Cox - CEO, Molson Coors Europe
Analysts: Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company Andrea Teixeira - JPMorgan  Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Mark Swartzberg - Stifel  Andrew Holland - Société Générale  Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research  Pablo Zuanic - SIG Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch  Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI 
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Before, we begin I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language.  Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today. So please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any U.S. -- non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the website -- the company's website www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year and in U.S. dollars, and the consolidated and U.S. segment results are presented versus pro-forma results a year ago, which reflects the acquisition of MillerCoors as is, and the related financing had occurred January 1 of 2016. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors. Please go ahead sir.
Mark Hunter: Thank you, Denise. Hello and welcome everybody to the Molson Coors earnings call. Thank you for joining us today.  With me on the call this morning from Molson Coors, we have Tracey Joubert, our Global CFO; Gavin Hattersley, the CEO of our U.S. business; Fred Landtmeters, our Canada CEO; Simon Cox, the CEO of our Europe business; Stewart Glendinning, our international CEO; Sam Walker, our Global Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer; Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, the VP of Investor Relations. On the call today, Tracey and I, will take you through highlights of our first quarter 2017 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective from the remainder of 2017. First quarter underlying earnings were lower than last year, primarily due to higher brand amortization expense and weaker January and February volumes in the U.S. this year, and because we're cycling strong earnings comparators from last year. First quarter underlying after-tax income in 2016 increased more than 35% from the year before on a pro forma basis, partly due to the benefit of inventory dynamics and the timing of the Easter holiday. We've also made incremental investments this year to strengthen our global business and capabilities. Despite a softer start this year, volume trends have improved since January and February. We're making great progress with our First Choice agenda in each of our businesses, and we're confident of delivering our full year business plans. With the completion of the MillerCoors transaction late last year and the changes we're making to align and enhance our organization, 2017 will be a transition year as we build a larger, stronger company. Consistent with this, our results today reflect increased investments in the building blocks that will drive top-line growth, cost savings, profit growth, cash generation, debt pay-down and total shareholder returns in the years ahead.  These building blocks are led by our First Choice for consumer and customer agenda, and are grouped into four areas. First, our organization and brands are now all under one roof. We are lifting and shifting best practices and world-class supply chain capabilities, and we're establishing global centers of excellence. Second, our consumer excellence approach. As part of our First Choice agenda, we'll be building four-brand trademarks across multiple international markets. These four trademarks are Coors, Miller, Staropramen and Blue Moon. Within these trademarks, the global priority brands in 2017 are Coors Light, Coors Banquet, Miller Lite, MGD, Staropramen portfolio and Blue Moon Belgian White, which also includes Belgian Moon in Canada. We will reaffirm or update the global priority brands on an annual basis. These global brands supported by our national champion, craft and specialty brands now give the platform for accelerating performance outside of our core developed markets over time. Third, our customer excellence approach. We're investing heavily in sales capability and execution improvement, including our new global commercial team First Choice learning center and a suite of leading edge sales technology and tools. And lastly, our focus on talent development. Diversity and inclusion will help to drive our First Choice agenda and leadership capability across the enterprise. In business highlights for the first quarter, we grew worldwide total brand volume 2.1% and our global priority brands by 6.6% in the quarter. We increased global net sales per hectoliter by 3.9% in constant currency versus the pro forma results last year driven by all of our businesses.  We delivered transaction related cash tax benefits of $97 million in the quarter, more than 40% higher than our original planning expectation for the transaction. We now expect these cash tax benefits for full-year 2017 to be nearly $390 million, up from $275 million previously. And this represents an acceleration of these benefits, which were originally expected to be delivered more evenly over the next 15 years. In the first quarter, we reported nearly $515 million of underlying EBITDA, a 3% decrease from the pro forma result, a year ago. However, in constant currency, our underlying EBITDA was unchanged year-on-year. Underlying after-tax income was $165.6 million or $0.76 per diluted share. This result was down 12.1% on a pro forma basis, but more than 45% on a reported basis, which demonstrates a substantial earnings accretion from the transaction, even in a softer quarter. Now, I'd like to share some regional highlights from the first quarter. In the U.S., on a pro forma basis, MillerCoors' domestic net revenue per hectoliter, which excludes contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, grew 0.2% for the quarter, as a result of favorable net pricing, partially offset by negative sales mix. We grew our share of the Premium Light segment with Coors Light completing its eighth consecutive quarter of increased segment share, while Miller Lite reached 10 consecutive quarters of increased segment share. Coors Banquet has grown STRs for 10 consecutive years and accelerated its volume growth trends in the past two quarters. In above-premium, Blue Moon Belgian White returned to volume growth of low single-digits in the quarter. While the Leinenkugel's Shandy portfolio grew mid-single digits, Peroni volume was up high single digits having its best quarterly performance since the first quarter of 2012. Henry's Hard Soda, which was cycling successful launch last year along with REDD's posted lower volume in the quarter.  Our below-premium brands declined low single digits, a significant trend improvement from the past several years, led by low single digit growth in Miller High Life, which had its best STR performance since the third quarter of 2009. Keystone also grew achieving its best STR performance since the second quarter of 2010. Steel Reserve Alloy Series grew low double digits, while Hamm's STRs increased in the high teens, Milwaukee's Best declined low double digits in the quarter. Overall, U.S. STRs declined 2% for the quarter.  Cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 1.7% driven by higher input costs and volume de-leverage, partially offset by supply chain cost savings. First quarter underlying EBITDA was $441.9 million, a 3.7% decrease versus prior year driven by lower volume and higher COGS per hectoliter, partially offset by lower brand investments and employee related expenses as well as net pricing growth. For perspective, our U.S. business was cycling a 17.7% increase in underlying EBITDA in the first quarter of 2016. In Canada, net sales per hectoliter in local currency increased 3.9% driven by positive pricing and brand mix. Coors Light and Molson Canadian volumes declined in the quarter, but their share trends improved versus the fourth quarter of last year, especially in Quebec and the West. Overall, Canada brand volume grew at 0.7% and we increased market share in the first quarter.  We also continue to premiumize our portfolio through volume and market share growth in our import brands led by Coors Banquet, Above-Premium craft brands, through Mad Jack, Belgian Moon and Granville Island and Creemore, along with the return of the Miller brands to our Canada portfolio. Canada COGS per hectoliter increased 10.7% in local currency, driven by mix shift to higher cost import brands, input cost inflation, including unfavorable transactional foreign currency impacts, and cycling a temporary reduction in distribution costs last year, with a partial offset overall from cost savings. Canada underlying EBITDA decreased 25% to $42.9 million in the quarter, primarily due to higher cost of goods sold as we cycled a number of supply chain one-off benefits in 2016, along with increased commercial investments this year. Europe net sales increased 19.1% in local currency for the quarter, driven by the release of indirect tax provision of approximately $50 million that we established last quarter, as well as the transfer of royalty and export brands from MCI, the addition of the Miller global brands and strong volume growth by Coors Light and Staropramen. Our portfolio premiumization and mix management continued to drive positive mix in Europe. The strength of our Above-Premium brands including Coors Light, Staropramen inside of the Czech Republic, Sharp's portfolio, Franciscan Well and Rekorderlig Cider led to a 9.6% increase in brand volume in the region. The addition of the Miller brands and the royalty and export brands from MCI also contributed to volume growth and more than offset the negative impact of the late Easter holiday this year.  COGS per hectoliter in local currency increased 1.7% primarily due to mix shift to higher cost products and geographies. First quarter underlying EBITDA increased more than 7% to 8% in Europe due to release of the indirect tax provision, higher volumes, and increased net pension benefit. These positive factors were partially offset by an approximate $11 million bad debt provision established related to our customer in Croatia, along with higher brand investments, the timing of Easter holiday and unfavorable foreign currency movements. Our international business increased brand volume more than 65% to 1 million hectoliters and almost doubled its net sales in the first quarter. This increase was driven by the transfer of our Puerto Rico business from MillerCoors and the addition of the Miller global brands as well as Coors Light growth in Latin America, partially offset by the transfer of Europe royalty and export business to the Europe segment. In Latin America, excluding the addition of Puerto Rico, we grew Coors Light volume at high single-digit rate, which was driven by countries such as Mexico, Colombia and the Dominican Republic. Underlying EBITDA was $5 million, up from a loss of $1.4 million a year ago due to higher volume, positive pricing and favorable sales mix changes. The Miller brands integration process is advancing as expected. We're leveraging existing platforms and partnerships in certain countries, while establishing new supply chains and partnerships in other attractive new markets. As an example, in Mexico, we're leveraging our relationship with Heineken and in Australia we're partnering with Coca-Cola Amatil to distributable both the Miller and Coors brands. We've also gained important businesses in new markets such as South Korea and South Africa. Now, I'll turn over to Tracey to give first quarter financial highlights and perspective on the remainder of 2017. Tracey?
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Mark. And hello everybody. As a result of the MillerCoors transaction, today's results for the consolidated company and U.S. business are being presented in comparison to 2016 pro forma results, which are presented as if the transaction and its financing had been completed at the beginning of 2016. The segmental results for Canada, Europe, international and corporate are not being presented on a pro forma basis. With that in mind, following are our consolidated financial headlines for the first quarter versus pro forma results a year ago. Net sales were down 0.5% in U.S. dollars in the first quarter, primarily due to lower U.S. sales volume and unfavorable currency movements, which were partially offset by the release of the indirect tax provision in Europe. On a consistent currency basis, our net sales per hectoliter increased 3.9% in the quarter, driven by growth across all our businesses. On a U.S. GAAP basis, we reported net income from continuing operations attributable to Molson Coors of $201.9 million for the first quarter, down from $257.4 million of pro forma net income a year ago. This decrease was driven by lower special and other non-core items this year, along with lower U.S. volume, mix shift toward higher cost products, and higher global corporate costs. Our first quarter underlying after-tax income was $165.6 million or $0.76 per diluted share, which was 12.1% lower than the prior year, driven by lower income in the U.S. and Canada, as well as higher global corporate costs. Additional brand amortization expense of approximately $10 million in Canada was primarily related to changing the Molson brands to definite life in the fourth quarter last year. Underlying EBITDA in the quarter was $514.9 million, 3.6% lower than the pro forma results from a year ago. Underlying EBITDA in constant currency was unchanged from a year ago. We had said -- since last year that we look at value creation from the MillerCoors and Miller global brand's transaction through the lens of the sum of three numbers: underlying after-tax earnings per share, transaction related cash tax benefit, and transaction related after-tax book amortization. In the first quarter, these three numbers were underlying after-tax earnings of $165.6 million, plus $97 million of transaction-related cash tax benefits, and $11.2 million of transaction-related after-tax book amortization. Also for those of you who want to calculate this measure on a per share basis, we had 216.5 million weighted average diluted shares outstanding in the first quarter. Total debt at the end of the first quarter was approximately $12.3 billion, while cash and cash equivalents totaled $395 million, resulting in net debt of $11.9 billion. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the first quarter. For the full year of 2017, we continue to expect cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans to be in the range of $100 million to $120 million. Pension income of approximately $24 million, capital spending of approximately $750 million based on foreign exchange rates at the end of 2016, our consolidated net interest expense of approximately $370 million, plus or minus 5%, an underlying effective tax rate in the range of 24% to 28%, assuming no further changes in tax laws, settlement of tax audits, excess tax deduction or share-based compensations or adjustments to our uncertain tax provision. This range is consistent with our current expectation for our long-term tax rate. We expect our cash tax rate to be significantly lower in this range, due to the cash tax benefits related to MillerCoors transaction. U.S. legislative initiatives to reform U.S. tax laws could have a significant impact on our tax rate and our cash tax expectation. The post-transaction integration of our business and achievement of cost synergies are progressing well. And we continue to target more than $175 million of all-in cost savings in 2017, and $550 million of all-in savings by 2019. Related to this cost savings goal, we still anticipate incurring approximately $350 million of one-time incremental cash costs over three years to capture these synergies about evenly split between incremental capital spending and cash operating expense, primarily in the first two years of the program.  While we continue to expect our transaction-related cash tax benefits to average more than $275 million per year for the next 15 years, we now anticipate that these benefits will be front-end loaded in the first few years. With the latter years, slightly lower than the $275 million average. As Mark mentioned, we now expect these cash tax benefits to total nearly $390 million in 2017. This accelerated delivery is being driven by faster than anticipated tax depreciation of tangible assets related to the MillerCoors transaction. In addition, we now expect transaction-related amortization of approximately $45 million annually on an after-tax basis, up from $37 million previously, primarily due to the addition of the Miller global brand amortization. Also we now anticipate ending this year towards the top end of our 2017 underlying free cash flow guidance range, which is $1.1 billion, plus or minus 10%. We are generating cash ahead of our original expectations, primarily driven by the anticipated increase in cash tax benefit. Note that our 2017 free cash flow targets still exclude brand capital spending related to building our British Columbia brewery. We expect our 2017 underlying MD&A expense in corporate to be approximately $170 million, plus or minus 10%. This is higher than last year, primarily due to three main factors. First, investments to drive our global growth agenda around brands, analytics and digital. Second, investments to drive world-class performance across our global functions, including supply chain, information technology and shared services, which are key areas of synergy savings for our company. And thirdly, enhanced global capabilities, including some transfers from business units to corporate as we build out centers of excellence. As far as our cost outlook is concerned for the full year 2017, we continue to expect the cost of goods sold per hectoliter in MillerCoors to increase at a low single-digit rate, Canada COGS per hectoliter to increase at mid single-digit rate in local currency and our international business COGS per hectoliter to decrease at a double-digit rate. And we now expect our Europe COGS per hectoliter to increase at low single-digit rates in local currency, up from a low single-digit decrease previously due to changes in mix. In the context of exciting changes across all our businesses, my two main financial priorities for the balance of this year have not changed. First, deleveraging our balance sheet through cash flow generation, and second delivering on our cost savings commitments to provide fire power to our top-line and bottom line. At this point, I will turn it back over to Mark for outlook, wrap-up and Q&A. Mark?
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Tracey. In 2017, we will play to win via our First Choice consumer and customer agenda. So regionally looking forward, our U.S. goal of flat volume in 2018 and growth in 2019 has not changed, we will continue to invest in our flagship runs with Coors Light and Miller Lite plus Coors Banquet central to our investment focus. Miller Lite has begun rolling out new creatives as an extension of the successful Spelled Different, Brewed Different campaign. With the tagline Hold True, Miller Lite is defining how the beer has not compromised on taste and emphasizing the product credentials make it the original light beer.  We are also investing in Above-Premium and Redd's and Blue Moon Belgian White recently introduced new aluminum pint packaging. Leinenkugel's has introduced new packaging and its limited-edition lager, a collaboration with Germany's Hofbräu München to celebrate the company's 150-year anniversary, and that will be available in six packs in June. And finally, the much-anticipated return of Zima will take place in time for the July Fourth holiday. And our First Choice for customer agenda, our fact-based Building with Beer tool is driving value for our retail customers in the on-premise and convenience channels, and we're expanding its reach in grocery and liquor this year. Tenth and Blake, the craft and import division of MillerCoors, will continue to focus on integrating and rapidly expanding the geographic reach of our craft acquisitions. Saint Archer, which had the fastest growth rate among the top 20 craft brewers selling in California, is expanding to Arizona, Oregon, Hawaii, Alaska and Washington. Hop Valley will extend its footprint this year to Nevada, Arizona, Colorado and Alaska. And Revolver, which is the number two regional craft brand in North Texas, is going to fill out its footprint across Texas in anticipation of neighboring state expansions in 2018.  Finally, Terrapin, the number 3 regional craft brewery in share growth and its outreach, recently expanded into Ohio, Kentucky and Mississippi, and we are considering additional opportunities for later this year. In Canada, we're seeing initial positive results from our First Choice agenda to bring momentum back to the top line, including a relentless focus on our two largest brands, Coors Light and Molson Canadian. In the first quarter, we increased brand volume and market share nationally and in the West, partially due to the addition of the Miller brands. Looking forward, we're launching a new Molson Canadian campaign celebrating Canada's 150th Anniversary this year, and we're bringing this successful Climb On creative platform, nor for Coors Light. We're driving further growth in Above-Premium with our Coors Banquet, MGD, Mad Jack, Belgian Moon and the Heineken brand family. We also plan to leverage Miller Lite and Miller High Life to further strengthen our Canada portfolio. Customer relationships are beginning to drive trend improvements, and in the on-premise channel, our national key accounts volume and market share grew at mid-single-digit rates. We also increased distribution of key brands and packages across Canada and improved in-store execution of our brand campaigns across all channels. The construction of our new British Columbia brewery is progressing well, with the formal groundbreaking taking place last week at our new Chilliwack site. In Europe, we will continue to drive our First Choice consumer agenda for the existing portfolio and the addition of the Miller brands, and the royalty and export business in the region. We're also continuing to build our craft portfolio, including Sharp's, Franciscan Well, further expansion of Blue Moon in the region, and the purchase of a controlling interest in the La Sagra craft brewery near Madrid. As part of its expansion, Blue Moon has opened a new pub in Valencia in Spain, as a forerunner of many more to come in the years ahead.  In customer excellence, one of our largest wholesalers in the UK, Nisa, named Molson Coors Supplier of the Year for this year, including being recognized for best service, and availability for the second year running. Our international business is leveraging opportunities to grow the Coors and Miller brands in high opportunity markets, especially in Latin America and select countries in Asia and Africa. One action we are taking is to list and shift the original white can packaging for Miller Lite to all of its markets globally in the second half of the year. We plan to move away from most of the local transition sales and distribution agreements in the upcoming months and we'll utilize from partnering, export and local license agreements to expand the reach of our brands.  We anticipate these new business structures will require upfront investments to grow our brands which will impact international profit growth in the near to medium term. Additionally we expect that the termination of the Modelo contract in Japan at the end of June this year will hinder performance in this profitable market. We are exploring ways to mitigate the impact of the loss of this contract. So to summarize our discussion today, the first quarter underlying earnings were lower than last year primarily due to higher brand amortization expense, weaker January and February volumes in the U.S. because we were lapping tough earnings comparators from last year. Despite the softer start to the year, volume trends have improved recently. We are making great progress with our First Choice agenda in all of our businesses and we're confident of our full-year business plans.  Additionally, we are generating cash ahead of our original expectations. With the completion of the MillerCoors transaction late last year, and the changes we're making to align and enhance our organization, 2017 will be a transition year, as we build a larger, stronger company. Consistent with this, our results today reflect increased investments in the building blocks that will drive top-line growth, profit, cash generation, debt paydown and total shareholder returns in the years ahead. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, just a quick comment. As usual our prepared remarks will be on the website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon, and also at 1 PM Eastern Time today, David Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website.  Additionally, in the next two months, we hope to see many of you at two events, firstly, we hold our Annual Meeting of stockholders on Wednesday May 17, 2017 in Montreal, and second, we'll host our Annual New York Investor and Analyst Day at the New York Stock Exchange on the afternoon of Wednesday June 7, again of this year. At this point, Denise, we'd like to open up for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from Vivien Azer from Cowen. 
Vivien Azer : So, Mark, can I just follow-up on your commentary around the improvement that you've seen in the U.S. post soft January and February, can you quantify the rate of improvement?
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Vivien. I can't quantify the rate improvement, but I mean if you look at the scanner data, then we've certainly seen momentum improved through March and into April, a little bit interrupted by some of the horrific weather we saw in the U.S. over the course of the last week. But certainly feel good about the way momentum has built through March and again into April, and specifically in areas like our above premium portfolio, there is a lot of effort going into changing this trajectory on Redd's, and we're seeing that have a positive impact, the Blue Moon trajectory continues to be positive, alongside improvements that Gavin and his team have made on our below-premium portfolio, and the continuing share gains for our Premium Light, so -- but beyond that, I refer you really to the scanner data to check in for specifics.
Vivien Azer : And just a follow-up to that. In terms of the net revenue per hectoliter in the U.S., would you be able to unpack that in terms of pricing versus the drag from negative mix? Thanks.
Mark Hunter: So, Gavin, do you want to pick that up specifically and just talk to a bit more detail on our top-line performance?
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, Mark. Good morning, Vivien. There are lot of factors that go into the makeup of our net sales, virtually the growth, Vivien, as you say, right, front line pricing, price motions and mix being the largest drivers. And if you stand back for a second there from a portfolio strategy point of view, just remember we play across the entire beer category, and you can break that down into the three segments of premium, above-premium and economy. And Mark touched on how we're doing with the various brands in his opening remarks, so I won't repeat that.  Our performance in the first quarter impacted mix, which was negative about 30 basis points. But let me just remind you that, we were going up against significant launch volumes for Henry's Hard Soda and we had a very strong mix performance in the first quarter of last year as a result of that loading. We're through that comparison now, Vivien, and Henry's Hard Soda velocities are increasing steadily as we head into the summer months. Our economy strategy is working and that's not necessarily positive from a mix point of view, but it's really important part of defending our share in economy to ensure that we don't become irrelevant in a very large segment and we also need to recruit new millennial drinkers into our portfolio in the beer category as a whole. Some of the other factors that make up price movement is, obviously frontline pricing, which in the first quarter was impacted negatively by the differential between sales to wholesales and sales to retail, which we've talked about on past calls. And just to remind you that our top line revenue is driven by sales to wholesalers, but our price promotions are driven by sales to retail, so that knocked a few points of our pricing in the quarter and that generally comes back over the full year. We had a little bit of noise from price promotions in the quarter, as distributors caught up with reconciliations and then obviously freight and fuel retail operations and timing of the federal excise tax to actually draw back, so also other elements that kind of drive overall NSR per hectoliter. And I guess my final comment on NSR, just to remind you, it's only one quarter, it's our smallest quarter. And so, some of the factors which I just described can have a little bit of a disproportionate impact. Pricing environment doesn't feel a whole lot different than it was last year. Hope that helps, Vivien.
Mark Hunter: Hey, Vivien, just to finish with a full stop [ph] on that, I mean, if you look at our pure net pricing, it was up about 0.5% in the quarter.
Operator: And our next question is from Andrea Teixeira from JPMorgan. 
Andrea Teixeira : Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow-up a little bit over Vivien's question. Are you implying that over the quarter you're having a little bit of de-stocking with the price increase or – and we should be seeing better sequential improvement into -- as you come out of the first quarter, just want to clarify how the trends are. And as I said, you're comping against a very tough innovation calendar. So is that something that again, you're going to be seeing as a more normalized impact, and if you can comment on how the trends are between sales to distributors and sales to retail as we speak? Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Yeah, Andrea. Thank you. There was quite a few questions in your question there. So, if I start with your last point, which is around STWs and STRs, you got to remember that as we left 2016, demand generally across the beer industry in CPGs in the U.S. was really quite weak in December, which meant that we started 2017 with higher than anticipated stock within our wholesalers and that's why you're seeing a differential between STWs and STRs. If you just look at overall consumer demand though as we've come through the first quarter, it was sluggish to start the year. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that certainly improved as we exited February and come into March, and then further into April notwithstanding that, a little bit of whack we got last week, due to some of the weather across the U.S., but generally our STRs have improved consistently as we've come into March and April. With regard to the innovation agenda, I think Gavin mentioned the fact that we had a heavyweight innovation agenda in the first quarter of last year, with a lot of stock moving into the trade on the back of the Henry's Hard Soda launch. We've got further innovations coming into our business. Now we’ve come into April, some of it new packs, and I also mentioned the fact that we're rolling Zima into our portfolio as well and that will come through in the second quarter. So I think to Gavin's point, now kind of [ph] balance itself out as we go through the year, so I wouldn't get too concerned on a one quarter basis, particularly as it's the smallest quarter of the year.
Operator: The next question is from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs. 
Judy Hong : So Mark, I mean I know this is a small quarter and there are a lot of moving parts here. But this is the first quarter since -- the first full quarter since the MillerCoors deal closed. I think the investors have been waiting to see the progress that you are making on cost saves and the margin progression and certainly we didn't see that in the quarter. So, what would you say to those people who are really concerned, that all of your cost savings are going to get competed away or eaten up by volume deleverage and really won't see the profit growth improving?
Mark Hunter: Thanks for the question, Judy. I mean let me give you a couple of headline perspectives here. So there is a lot of noise in the quarter. I think when you cut to the chase in the quarter if you come all the way down to EBITDA and constant currency were flat year-on-year, our free cash flow guidance has been enhanced. So as Tracey mentioned, we now anticipate being right at the top end of the guidance we gave you on the last call. And myself and the executive team remain confident on our full year plan. We have a lot of change taking place in our business and just from a context perspective, the volumes were softer in January and February in the U.S. We are lapping about 35% after-tax performance growth in first quarter of last year. And we're driving a lot of change across our business, but on the very positive side, we saw a strong worldwide brand volume growth. We saw global priority brand growth. We saw positive NSR per hectoliter improvements across all of our BUs. And my perspective is, we're making very, very good progress on the integration of our businesses both culturally and operationally. One of the things you have seen in the first quarter is that clearly we're investing in a couple of specific areas, which I think will stand the business in good stead, as we look out over the medium to long-term. One is the global commercial growth area, led by Kandy, which you're aware, I've put in place, and that now houses some of the significant investment that we'll be putting behind our global brand development as we look out through 2017 and beyond. And then secondly, we're further investing behind taking our world class supply chain capability to the next level and that's very important to really underpin in a sustaining way, the drive for productivity and efficiency in our business. So in the cost savings number that we've given you, the $550 million over three years, we had already accounted for what I described as dis-synergies associated with the global growth team and the world class supply chain investments with clearly the majority of the synergies pick up through 2018 and 2019. So, just remember the phasing associated with that so, we're investing ahead here to set the business up to build momentum, but actually, we're very good about both integration and the synergy planning and synergy delivery to date, as part of our overall cost savings. So I would just keep the context of this as one quarter, Judy.
Judy Hong: Just couple of follow-ups to that, so the increment – the investments that you are calling out, the couple of investments, are there any incremental in nature versus what you had thought to spend at the time of the closing of the deal or just really upfront investments and it's going to take some of the -- some time to get the synergies, so it's more of a timing issue.
Mark Hunter: Yeah, it's more of a latter, Judy. So there is nothing that's come as a surprise as we pulled our businesses together, we'd already anticipated and flagged the establishment of our global growth group and investment that would be required there, and taking more cost supply chain to the next level was again part of our thinking. The other thing that we have done as well, certainly from a corporate perspective, is we have moved some G&A from some of the businesses into corporate centers to really drive centers of excellence approach, so whether that's an HR, treasury, tax, really to drive much more of a one-way approach. And again, over the medium term to long-term that will give us enhanced productivity and efficiency in our business. So, we got to put that in upfront, then derive the benefits as we go through 2017 and then step change in 2018 and 2019.
Judy Hong: My last question, just the breakout of the Miller international brand contribution on volume, revenue and EBITDA, any color you can provide there? And why doesn't free cash be higher than even the high end of that $1.1 billion, just because now you're including the Miller brands internationally?
Mark Hunter: I'm not sure the Miller brand internationally can export free cash flow, but Tracey do you want to just talk to the free cash flow guidance?
Tracey Joubert : Yeah, so it's just a couple of things Judy to consider as we look at our free cash flow forecast. So, we do have incremental CapEx and some of that is to deliver the synergies and cost savings. And we also have higher pension contributions, because we now have the 58% of MillerCoors contributions as well as we have incremental interest, because of the much higher stakes that we took on. So if you take those into account, they are sort of headwinds to our free cash flow
David Dunnewald: And Judy, sorry, this is Dave Dunnewald. I think your question on the free cash flow maybe now that we have more of the Miller global brands numbers flowing through why doesn't that have an effect on free cash flow? Actually we already had an estimate or we'd included Miller global brands in our guidance for free cash flow for 2017 when we gave it last quarter.
Judy Hong: Okay. And are you breaking out at all the volume and revenue or your EBITDA contribution or those trends?
Mark Hunter: No, we're not, Judy. I mean, that's not embedded in our businesses, and we'll report in aggregate both at segment level and then in relation to our total worldwide brand volumes, and our global priority brands.
Operator: The next question is from Laurent Grandet from Credit Suisse. 
Laurent Grandet : I've got two quick questions. The first one is really a follow-up. So it's about deflation and shipments. So shipments declined by 4% in the quarter in the U.S. where deflation were down 2%. Now in Q4, deflation were down 2.8%, and shipments were only down 0.9%. So does it mean that we are now back to the right level of inventory with your distributors, and we should expect deflation and shipments to be more aligned going forward? So that's my first question. The second one is about the marketing spend. You increased by about $25 million in the quarter, your marketing, general and administration, especially outside of the U.S. So how should we think about A&M spend going forward and will you continue to add them as a similar percent of sales? And also I mean could you explain what brands are receiving most support and what are the marketing initiatives you implement? Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Laurent. Again it was a lot in there. So, I think on your first question to keep it simple and Gavin may want to add some color to this. Our philosophy in the U.S. is to ship to demand. The only addition to that is making sure there is enough stock to ensure that from a customer service or distributor service perspective that we ensure that we don't have any other stock situations, but there has been a philosophy, and Gavin I think it's fair to say we'll remain our philosophy.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah, Mark. You're quite right. I mean with this point in time, we do expect to ship more or less the consumption for the full year, but making sure that we do maintain service levels and our distributors did place increased orders at the backend of December, which did as you rightly point out increase our year-end distributor inventory by couple of days. And because of that, we didn't need to ship as much volume in the first couple of months of Q1, and that drove the difference which you highlighted. Our Q1 distributor inventory level at the end of the quarter, Laurent, was a little higher than last year's, we began our peak season inventory bode little earlier than normal to compensate for the Eden brewery closure, but as Mark says, our current expectation is to ship to consumption within the year.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Gavin. And then Laurent, just to the second part of your question, when you look at the MG&A number, some of that is pure G&A relating to transfers of some people from the business units into corporate center or global roles. On the marketing side or the commercial side, one of the things I established when I came into the role and appointed, Kandy to lead this team as our global growth group, really focused on our commercial excellence agenda. So the investments, they are really going to cross five or six specific areas, building our insight capability, so we've just rolled up a global segmentation model to further direct how we build our portfolio, for global brand building. So there is a significant chunk of investment associated with the Miller trademark in making sure that we get that brand up and running positively. One of the examples of that I just pointed to is that, we're changing all of the packaging on Miller Lite aligned with the U.S. packaging that had not been done ahead of our acquisition, that's a big initiative and we'll roll across all the markets towards the end of this year. So the funding for that is an example centrally. The other three areas are really are on building our digital capability and B2B, B2C in particular and commerce. Disruptive innovation and we've now got a small team focused on innovation as part of that building our craft brands internationally and I mentioned in my opening remarks, that we've now our opened our first Blue Moon pub in Valencia, this is the first of what will be many. And then the final areas are under our customer excellence area focused on net promoter scores, category management and really driving stronger partnership, so that investment in the areas to support our intention and our capability right across our organization and it is more efficient for us to hold that potentially and to drive that kind of a cohesive approach. So, back to Judy's question, that's very much investing ahead of the curve to build the capability and performance of the business from medium to long-term.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Swartzberg from Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Mark Swartzberg : A couple of U.S. questions, and sorry, good morning Tracey too. On the economy side, Gavin, you're seeing some nice improvement with Miller High Life, you mentioned Milwaukee's Best is not doing well. When you think about what's going right and what can’t go right from a larger economy perspective, how are you thinking about that? And then my second question for either of you Mark or Gavin is, the reasons to believe, you're sitting here with the view that volume will -- you're aiming for volume to be flat in 2018 and grow after that in the U.S., and obviously it's a deliberately challenging objective. But when you think about what you're seeing in your business today, and what can happen in light of your plans whether for economy or other parts of your portfolio, what's at the top of your list of reasons to believe that that will happen?
Mark Hunter: So Gavin, do you want to pick-up the economy question first, and just bring Mark and everybody else on the call up to speed with progress.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah, sure, Mark. Good morning, thanks. Yeah. We've got several thrust on our economy strategy, Mark. Our overall objective from the beginning though was to hold that decline rate and get back more in line with where the economy industry portfolio share was going. And we've made really nice progress in the first quarter, which is really our first full quarter we're having the strategy in place. The start of the show at the moment quite frankly are Miller High Life and Keystone Life as Mark stated in his opening remarks, they both had excellent performances that they haven't had for seven and eight years. And Miller High Life has been centered around the campaign, if you've got the time, we've got the beers, focusing on the iconic glass bottle and the sort of heritage of this brand, which has been around since 1903. Keystone Light is focused on the new visual identity, which really modernized the brand and it's been well received by our customers and consumers. We've replaced the 12 pack with a 15 pack, which has driven a nice share gain for us and we are leveraging off the stone's nickname. We've also introduced Hamm's into the opening price point area. It's an area we didn't have a brand before and that brand has been around since 1865 and the early signs are encouraging. We've taken Mickey's back to the 40 ounce glass bottle. We've done and continued to accelerate Steel Reserve Alloy Series with a few additional flavors, which are doing nicely. And I'd say the area we need to do more work on is Milwaukee's Best. Not all of the changes we made to Milwaukee's Best have landed well with the consumers and we're of course correcting on that. So, I think as I evaluate how we are doing, we are off to a nice start and -- 
Mark Swartzberg : And can you remind -- 
Gavin Hattersley: Sorry, Mark?
Mark Swartzberg : No. Sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt you, Gavin, Sorry.
Gavin Hattersley: I was just going to say I have confidence this strategy is going to work as the year progresses.
Mark Swartzberg : And it sounds like it is. I guess, two quick follow-ups. Milwaukee's Best, getting that right. How impactful is that? Just to remind us where it is as a portion of your economy mix? And then can you remind us like what the rule of thumb is when you -- in terms of profitability of your economy portfolio either versus your regular portfolio or the entirety of your portfolio, just a comparative profitability at the contribution level?
Gavin Hattersley: So, I will answer the first question, which was Milwaukee's Best, I mean it is the third largest of our economy brand. So the largest are obviously Miller High Life and Keystone Light and those were the two that are really working very well. So it's the third largest market. In terms of overall profitability, I'm not sure we've ever shared that, and you know for competitive reasons, I don't think I'd like to do that now either.
Mark Hunter: And Mark, the fact that the other part of your original question, which was you described as reasons to believe, so I think you’re quite right to say that, we have set [ph] stretching ambition in Gavin's call to action is very appropriate, because it changes the mindset in our organization. It's a mindset which is not about managing decline, but building for growth. I do want to reiterate though that it is not a volume at any cost aspiration, so we want to improve our volume trajectory, get back to flat and then growth and do that in the right way from our P&L perspective and continue to manage our investments through our pack lens, so that remains really business critical for us in the U.S. But I think the reasons to believe are when you really look across three big segments, the Below-Premium, Premium and Above-Premium, Gavin has explained what we're doing in Below-Premium and that was long overdue. It was a leaky bucket and we're making good progress, as steady as she goes in Premium Light and Coors Banquet and ideally we would have our two light brands in absolute volume growth territory. We touched that a couple of times, doing it consistently makes a big difference to our business. And then in our Above-Premium portfolio, if you think craft imports and FMBs, making really good progress on crafts and import and more work to do on FMBs particularly REDD's. And as I have mentioned, a lot of work has taken place through April, which is starting to have an impact on that brand, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to build out our Above-Premium portfolio. We talk in Molson Coors about buy, build and borrow across our portfolio. So, Gavin, myself and the exec team are looking at further opportunities to further enhance our Above-Premium portfolio for the medium to long-term. So, I think the important thing is, where our biggest volume areas are, we've made really good progress on the momentum building there. To use Gavin's language primarily, we still have some more work to do in Above Premium, particularly in FMBs, but we're all over that at the moment.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Holland from Société Générale. 
Andrew Holland: Thanks for taking the question. Just a couple, just no one mentioned your increase in your transaction tanks, up to $390 million and you've just said that's front-end loaded. Can you give us a bit of a clue as to whether it goes back down to $275 million next year or does it stay at this sort of level? And I'm just also wondering what you think is the reason why on a day when you increased your cash tax expectation so dramatically, even though, perhaps it's been a slow start to the year, your shares go down 4%. Can you give us any insight as to how you are looking at that transaction tax question, and whether there is any likelihood that you're going to include that in your sort of normal tax charge?
Mark Hunter: Yeah, so Tracey, do you want to take the first part of that question?
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So, Andrew, what we did say is that our cash tax benefit would be around $275 million on average over 15 years. We did say that it would be frontend loaded. So, hence the nearly $390 million in 2017. We are not giving guidance as to the next few years, but to the asset part of that 15-year period, that cash tax benefit will fall below the $275 million. So, I can't give you more details than that other than saying it will be frontend loaded for the first few years and then below $275 million for the best part of the year. I'm not sure how to answer the share question. If I'm you I probably wouldn't be sitting here and give the market share performance. So, Mark, I don't know if you have any?
Mark Hunter: Yeah. I mean I struggle with the second part of your question, Andrew, I mean, what we can do is report transparently how our business is performing and give you a sense of confidence in how we see the business over the medium to long term. Investors will make up their mind on the basis of that information. I feel very good about the fact that we are guiding direct [ph] towards the top end of our free cash flow guidance. And we look to update on a quarterly basis if that changes again. So, beyond that, I can't really comment. You probably got hypothesis, which is just valid as mine or anybody else.
Andrew Holland : Well, I'm puzzled as to why and when you're expecting 15 years. As I look at my model, I'm afraid it's not going out to year 15, but most investors are interested in the sort of shorter term, I would suggest, by which I mean perhaps the next three years. And that number is a very considerable swing factor in your likely reported earnings. And the reason I'm puzzled is that some of your competitors who have also had sort of time-delineated tax benefits have just taken that as part of the normal tax charge rather than as effectively and as exceptional item.
Mark Hunter: Let's ponder that perspective and feedback and then decide whether there is anything we would want to do differently. I really appreciate your perspective, Andrew.
Andrew Holland: Big swing in Europe, was that just the $50 million, was that just a Q1 effect, the release of that provision or is there more to come in future quarters?
Mark Hunter: So, Simon, do you want to just pick up at both that specific question, and maybe just give a little bit more color on our, let’s call, our underlying performance in Europe?
Simon Cox: Yeah, Andrew, to answer you specific, if you remember, we made a provision in Q4 of last year based on what we concluded at that time was a range of loss that was deemed probable. We've subsequently been to court, and actually won on all counts and therefore, we've taken the decision to reverse that provision. So it was a provision we made last quarter, if you recall, and it's been reversed out this quarter. So, it's a straight in and out, if you like. In terms of the underlying performance in Europe, we were pretty happy with it. We've managed to grow volumes pretty significantly, and we've done that at the same time as growing our net sales revenue per hectoliter and I think any quarter where we can grow volumes and revenue per hectoliter in Europe, we will classify as a good one. Within the volumes, there is a mix of stuff that we've inherited from the Miller brand and from exports and license, but there's also strong encouraging underlying growth and particularly in the areas where we're making our marketing investments in Above Premium. So Staropramen has been performing well across the quarter; Coors Light continues to grow well, our craft portfolio the Sharp's, Franciscan Well and increasingly Blue Moon is doing well. So where we're putting our marketing investments and where we're focusing on our Premium and Above Premium portfolio it's working nicely and we're pleased with the quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Brett Cooper from Consumer Edge Research. 
Brett Cooper: Good morning, guys. A couple of questions from my side. I'm not sure if you're going to give an actual number, but I was wondering if you could either give us kind of a relative sense of the incremental investments you've made that are sort of embedded in your quarter relative to the savings you've delivered. I think the actual numbers are just sort of bigger than a breadbox, smaller than a car type thing. And then, I don't know if the broader question on revenue synergy that you're seeing from the deal or see possible from the deal and then particular interest in, I mean, is there a need to play in the price point between mainstream and where you typical crafts sells, given that two of probably the most successful brands in the U.S. kind of play in that price point? Thanks.
Mark Hunter: So, Brett, just on the second part of your question, be more specific, because – 
Brett Cooper : Sure. I mean, Especial and Mich Ultra sells over a 30% price premium to mainstream, right. You guys do obviously have a significant craft portfolio that sells at whatever 60% premium, you obviously have a significant mainstream, but there is nothing in that, call it that 25% to 30% price point.
Mark Hunter: Okay. So, Tracey, do you want to give some thought to the first question just on how the incremental investment and savings weigh against each other, knowing that you won't give a number but give us some thoughts. And then just to your second part of your question, Brett. On revenue synergies, again, I'll come back to the language I used earlier. We think about how we look at building our portfolio from a buy, build and borrow perspective. So buy, are there opportunities like we've done with our craft acquisitions in the U.S. or with Sharp's, as an example, build is create something from scratch. The Redd’s was created from scratch a few years ago as was Henry's. Our borrow means moving brands from one market to another, so I think we're confident that we have now identified a number of opportunities where we can actually start to shift some brands from one market to another and Miller High Life is a good example in terms of the transfer between the U.S. and Canada and that's something that's very much work in progress. Now there are others as well, but I'm not going to talk to them specifically, because I think it's competitively sensitive. With regard to the GAAP in our portfolio that you described, again I'd come back to my earlier comments, which is Gavin and the executive team are actively working on a range of options across buy, build and borrow further enhances our Above Premium portfolio in the U.S. and we'll talk to those in due course. So they’re central to our thinking, we are working through a range of options and we'll update when we've got firm news that we can share. Tracey, do you want to talk to the first part of the question?
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. So, Brett, I'm not going to give you specific numbers, but maybe just a little bit of context. So in terms of cost savings, what we have said is we're going to be targeting to deliver more than $175 million of cost savings in 2017. In terms of incremental investments, I mean it's all according to plan. Our brand investments have increased across all of the BUs except for MillerCoors in the first quarter and Gavin just touched on effect that we had the Henry's launch last quarter, which was quite a significant launch. So and brand investments increased across all BUs. Our G&A was on plan and we did mention that there is some incremental investments that we are building in the corporate center around our customer excellence, around supply chain, as well as moving some cost to the center to provide global value-added services such as our global business services and some IT. But you know more than that, we're not going to give numbers.
Operator: Our next question is from Pablo Zuanic from SIG. 
Pablo Zuanic: I have two questions, but I guess, Mark, given that you asked why you're -- I will take the liberty to answer if you don't mind. You have promised $550 million of cost savings over three years. You have not told us how much of that is going to flow to the bottom line, so we're all left to make assumptions. But we assume 30% can flow, 50%, 70%. But this is a quarter where your EBITDA in the U.S. was down $54 million. And I work out that your savings quarterly should be about $30 million. So savings are supposed to be $33 million at MillerCoors per quarter. There is no seasonality in cost savings I suppose. And your EBITDA is down $54 million. So that's why the stock is down 5%. Now I have two questions, okay. One, maybe I'm overly simplistic in my analyses but to be honest, when it comes down to Molson Coors as a stock, right, obviously, I don't look at what happens in London or Croatia. I look at two metrics. I look at your STRs in the U.S. and I look at your EBITDA in the U.S. I mean EBIT this quarter was distorted because of your increased brand amortization as you explained and bill-related amortization, so I can't look at EBIT. On STR front, your STRs being down 2% this quarter. It's actually great news. The comps get easier and everything you've told us toady makes us believe that numbers will improve. If it was just based on STRs, your stock would be up 5% today. So the question I have for Gavin and then I'll move back to my EBITDA question is that typically for all the brewers whether it's [indiscernible] Constellation Brands, yourself, Anheuser-Busch, STRs are normally below the scanner data, and you've been 1 points to 2 points worse, and that's normally because liquor stores, bars and restaurants are doing worse than the mass major channel. But this quarter your STRs has actually been down 2% surprised me when this kind of data was telling me for the quarter down about 4%. So my question, Gavin, and you've talked already about the value brands and the number of initiatives you've said, can you give me any explanation or any color in terms of what's happening in liquor stores, bars and restaurants and major channels for MillerCoors that will explain why your STR is only down 2% in the quarter where this kind of data would imply something much worse. And I have a follow-up on the EBITDA question, but if you can answer that first, please? Thanks.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Pablo. Thanks for the setup as well. So Gavin, do you want to talk about perspective on STR specifically?
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah, sure. Pablo, good morning. Look I mean, I'm not going to get into all the mechanics of why sometimes STRs don't match up with Nielsen or IRR, but what I can tell you is that, actually the on-premise volume trend in the first quarter was better. And that obviously is a little different to where it has been over the last four quarters at least of 2016. So that would be one of the drivers that would be causing you to have perhaps over estimated decline in our STRs. Our estimates are that we are closing the gap with the sort of industry trends on-premise. I would attribute some of that to our very successful Building With Beer Program on the on-premise which really is a fact based tool as Mark said in his opening remarks, that help our sales folk and our distributors sell to onpremise retail customers. So, that's probably the best answer I can give you for explaining some of that difference.
Pablo Zuanic: That's very helpful. So, Mark, then the second question is on the EBITDA front. Yeah can I?
Mark Hunter: Just before you enter the question, you mentioned a number on MillerCoors EBITDA and I don't recognize the number. So if you want to just kind of reiterate that and I hope I can clarify.
Pablo Zuanic: Right. Okay. Unless I'm looking at the wrong number, I thought the EBITDA -- for underlying EBITDA for MillerCoors was $442 million. And this quarter and in the quarter last year, the pro forma EBITDA number was -- sorry, the EBITDA, yeah and I'm looking at -- it was $323 million, right, and last year it was about $345 million, right, that's the MillerCoors EBITDA number, correct?
Mark Hunter: No. So the EBITDA number there...
Pablo Zuanic: No, I'm sorry, I'm looking at the pre-tax, I'm sorry, I want to repeat. I'm sorry, is what I said at the beginning, the EBITDA, the underlying EBITDA for MillerCoors for the quarter was $442 million and in the quarter last year was $459 million, correct?
Mark Hunter: Yeah. So it's down about 3.7%. And last year had grown by almost 18%. So, we're cycling what was an 18% increase in EBITDA in 2016. So I would describe as becoming a bit more normalized to use that language in 2017.
Pablo Zuanic: So a follow-up. So it's about an $18 million and $20 million decline. So, the question is very simple. I'm just trying to understand whether there is any one-offs or factors that would explain why there was an EBITDA growth in the quarter when you are supposed to have these cost savings coming through. I mean, obviously your shipments were down 4%, so that explains part of the fact, the issue. Your pricing apparently was not enough to cover the higher costs, right. So, the question, I guess, I can just boil it down to very simple. Cost savings $175 million for the year. I calculate $130 million for MillerCoors. That's about $33 million per quarter. Was there anything in the first quarter that will make us think that there wasn't a lot of cost savings realized yet at MillerCoors in the first quarter and that we should see more of that as the year progresses ? Maybe Tracey, you can answer that. And the last question, and it's related to the same subject, it's more at the corporate level. Again, if I'm looking at the right numbers, if I look at your EBITDA by division including corporate, corporate EBITDA went from minus $25 million in the first quarter last year to almost minus $50 million this year, still increased, although we are supposed to be in a cost savings program here? So those are my two questions, Tracey, if you can answer? Thank you.
Tracey Joubert: So, just in terms of MillerCoors and I'll ask Gavin to jump in. But the MillerCoors did deliver cost savings and we are not going to detail it by BU but they did generate fairly significant cost savings, but the biggest driver on the EBITDA was the volume, so no specific one-off, but the volume did account for all of the sort of negative drivers.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. I think, I mean, the only other thing to add would be if you look at our COGS performance in the U.S. in Q1 of last year, our COGS were down about 5%, our COGS this year in the U.S. increased by 1.7%, so there was a number of very positive tailwinds we had in the first quarter of 2016, some of which are not repeated in 2017. So probably some more of that detail would be worth taking up on the follow-up call today, probably. And then, your question on corporate, I mean, I think I've dealt with that which is that some of that relates to us investing ahead of the curve in commercial and supply chain and also transferring some cost of the business season to the center, so we can drive a more of a consistent approach and drive efficiency and productivity over time. So I think you should start to see that kind of stabilize and get comfortable with as we go through the year. Obviously, we've had to kick things off and invest ahead of the curve as we establish our new organization.
Pablo Zuanic: That's very helpful. And if I may, just one last one for Gavin. So you’ve talked about a number of metrics in the U.S. business in terms of volumes. Can you just talk about the Light, what you call the Premium Light beer segment, Coors Light, Miller Lite, Bud Light, as a segment, is that beginning to stabilize now that space for craft is not being expanded at retail and that bars and restaurants, does that help Light in any way? Does it help it stabilize? What are you seeing there at the category level? I realize that you're gaining share in that segment specifically. Thanks. That's all.
Gavin Hattersley: From an overall category point of view, Pablo not much change. Where the change has come is obviously with our share within Premium Light, which has grown for the last 25 straight months and so that's a fairly prolonged period of share growth. So I'm pleased with the performance of both the Coors Light and Miller Lite. It's not driven by pricing tactic, it's in our view driven by the superior product and the marketing campaign, so they are really resonating with the consumers. I think overall though, to cut to the chase of your question, Premium Lights are still declining in total volume, and fairly consistently.
Operator: Our next question is from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan Spillane: So just one question from me, and I guess, probably it may tie back to a little bit of how you just answered the previous question. But I think, one of the questions, we've fielded this morning a few times is just if you take out the net effect of the gain, that the tax reversal in the UK netted against the bad debt provision, if you stripped that out of the EBITDA, you're at like, EBITDA down like 12% on an underlying basis in the first quarter. And, I guess, it's got people kind of confused with, if anything you've kind of raised the free cash flow guidance, understanding that some of that is coming from the change in the tax piece. But, I think, people are trying to reconcile how EBITDA could be down that much, and yet there is no change to the rest of the year. And so, I guess the question is just, are there some other things that you compare to the rest of the year, where EBITDA should be better year-over-year than what we saw in the first quarter? If you could just kind of reconcile those, I think that would be helpful?
Gavin Hattersley: Sure. I mean, I think, it's going to play into some of the comments already made, Bryan. The first quarter is a small quarter. We're investing ahead of the curve in two or three areas, which I have already mentioned to you. There were a couple of headwinds as well for example about debt provision that we flagged as well. So I think, some of it is timing, some of it's the fact that this is a small quarter, some of it's the fact that we're getting the business ready for delivering on the growth agenda, and our First Choice agenda. I remain confident in our business plans on a full year basis. So, there is certainly some noise from, I would describe as a phasing and a timing perspective and we're lapping a very significant, very successful launch in the U.S. last year as well with Henry's as we have talked to. We've got the Canada amortization as well which flows through as a headwind on the business. So, there is a few puts and takes, but the important thing is, when you start right at the top of our P&L and we've seen strong global brand volume growth, we've seen our global priority brands grow and we've seen our NSR per hectoliter grow as well across all of our business units, even when you net out the benefit associated with the release of the provision, you still have NSR per hectoliter growth in each of the BUs. So, I always feel good if the top of the P&L is in the right shape, because then everything below that's a decision for management to make. So, I remain confident about the position of our business and our outlook relative to our plans for this year.
Bryan Spillane : Thanks for that. And I guess, I just wanted to make sure I was interpreting it correctly, but what I sort of interpreted today was that, if you look at the top-line with the exception of the U.S. being soft in January and February which was unexpected, it sounds like, generally, the rest has been in line or even better than maybe what your expectations were going into the quarter, is that fair?
Mark Hunter: I would say, more in line with expectations, I mean it's great to be able to reference the fact that we've seen our top-line in Canada and our volume and our market share grow. As Simon pointed out, we've seen strong volume growth on NSR per hectoliter growth in Europe. Our international business took a big step forward in the first quarter. But clearly as we go through the year, there'll be some more volatilities [indiscernible] some of the TSAs, et cetera, but that's very encouraging and in the U.S., as I think we've tried to identify January and February were slower than anticipated trends through March and most of April have come back much more positively. So, if you look at the fundamentals of our business, if you look at the commitment we've made on a three-year basis on cost savings and flexibility that that gives us, then I don't think anything material has changed from where we were as we left 2016 and how we started 2017.
Operator: Yes, sir, I have Robert Ottenstein from Evercore. Please go ahead.
Robert Ottenstein: I am trying to get at some of the questions, we've been asking it maybe a different way. You've mentioned I believe that you're going to have $175 million of costs that will run through the P&L this year to take out the synergies. Can you tell us how much of that $175 million went through the P&L this quarter?
Mark Hunter: Yes. So just to be clear, Robert, what we said is the cost to get the synergies, we said that's about $350 million over three years, about half of that is OpEx and half of that is CapEx, but that's over three years. We've never said that that was a one year number in 2017.
Robert Ottenstein: Well, can you tell us how much was spent in the quarter to achieve the synergies?
Mark Hunter: No. It's not a detail we go into, I mean I think we've given you the guidance on $550 million of combined savings, about $350 million incremental to get those and sustain them split 50:50 between CapEx and OpEx. And as we've mentioned pretty consistently the synergies tend to ramp up and accelerate as we get into 2018 and 2019. So Tracey, I don't know whether you would add some color.
Tracey Joubert: Robert, I'm not sure if you're confusing the cost savings synergies that we've given guidance for this year at $175 million. So, we expect to deliver $175 million of cost savings in 2017, not spending.
Robert Ottenstein: Okay. What I'm trying to find out is how much you spent in the quarter to achieve the synergies. And I think Mark said that you're not going to disclose that number?
Tracey Joubert: No.
Mark Hunter: We understand the question, but Dave?
David Dunnewald: Yeah, Robert, we're not going to disclose the specific number, buy you can look at page 10 of the earnings release and see a line in there that gives you acquisition and integration related costs that have been excluded from our underlying results. And that would be a part of the cost achieved synergies, call it operating expense if you like, it does not tell you what the CapEx, and it also doesn't tell you about some of the other areas where we're enhancing in our business that Mark talked about earlier, where we're spending there as well. 
Robert Ottenstein: So you've got that one bucket of costs that are highlighted on page 10, and then you've also mentioned this other bucket of costs in which you're investing ahead of the curve, can you tell us what that number is for either the quarter or the year?
Mark Hunter: No, the $550 million number we've given, Robert, over the three years is net of the, let's call it, the dis-synergies, but we haven't broken either by line item or by timing. So the $550 million number is net of that. What you've got the difference in phasing, so I'll make it real for you, Kandy and his team are now in place and they're working on lots of initiatives, one of which I mentioned earlier, which is the rollout of Miller Lite packaging globally later this year. So that’s -- and it's real and it's happening now. Some of the synergies which then start to offset the dis-synergy flow through towards the end of 2017 and then really ramp up in 2018 and 2019. So you've just got a difference in timing and phasing of these things, that are either feathered into the business or the cost is removed from the business. In a perfect world, it would all start on day one and it would flow seamlessly in a complementary nature, it doesn't operate like that, which is why – 
Robert Ottenstein: No, I appreciate that. So, key takeaway, the gross cost take-out is well over $550 million, the $550 million is a net number?
Mark Hunter: Yes, that's correct.
Robert Ottenstein: And in terms of this investing ahead of the curve, so to speak, how much of that are things that are going to be people costs, that are going to be a permanent part of the cost base and how much is more one-time items like the cost to switch the packaging, is there any way to kind of give us a sense of that?
Mark Hunter: Well, I mean, I can't get into that level of detail. Clearly, things that are one-off are going below the line from a U.S. GAAP perspective and we've identified those on our release. There are some things like our world-class supply chain capability, some of our centers of excellence, our global growth team which are here to sustain our business over the medium to long-term, so they will be embedded in our business going forward. Because it makes sense as we build our business, but the synergy and cost saving number we've given you is net of those incremental costs.
Robert Ottenstein: And then finally, I understand you're not giving us the investment cost for the year, and you're not giving us the cost to achieve the synergies for the year. But, I mean, has most of it been incurred this quarter, what's the kind of general cadence you expect for those investment items or cost items throughout the rest of the year?
Mark Hunter: Again, Robert, I mean, you're trying to push me again to specifics not quarter-by-quarter basis, I'm just not going to go there, because this is quite volatile depending on the nature of the initiatives and, if I start doing now, it becomes very difficult from a comps perspective. I think you want to look at the $550 million over the three years, look at the $350 million spread across OpEx and CapEx, form an opinion as to what that should look like from a phasing perspective and I really don't want to get below that level of detail. End of Q&A
Operator: And this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Hunter for any closing remarks.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Denise, and just for me many thanks for your time and interest in the Molson Coors Brewing Company. Thanks for bearing with us through what's become an extended call, and we look forward to either seeing you at our AGM later this month or Analyst and Investor Meeting in New York in June. So, thanks again everybody and look forward to seeing you soon. Bye for now.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-14 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Tracey Joubert - Global CFO Mark Hunter - President & CEO Gavin Hattersley - CEO, U.S. Business Dave Dunnewald - VP, IR
Analysts: Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company Stephen Powers - UBS Laurent Grandet - Credit Suisse Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Andrew Holland - Societe Generale Robert Bronstein - Evercore Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the Company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the Company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections.  The Company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date they are made.  Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by the Company's executives in discussing the Company's performance, please visit the Company's website at www.molsoncoors.com and click on the financial reporting tab of the investor relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results.  Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the Company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year prior and in U.S. dollars. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors. 
Mark Hunter: Thank you Andrea and hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call and many thanks for joining us today. With me on the call this morning for Molson Coors we have Tracey Joubert, our Global CFO; Gavin Hattersley, CEO of our U.S. Business; Fred Landtmeters, our Canada CEO; Simon Cox, the CEO of our Europe Business; Stewart Glendinning, our International CEO; Sam Walker, our Global Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer; and Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller; and last but not least, Dave Dunnewald, our VP of Investor Relations.  On the call today, Tracey and I will take you through highlights of our full-year and fourth quarter 2016 results from the Molson Coors Brewing Company along with some perspectives on 2017. Now, clearly, the biggest news for 2016 was completing our acquisition of the remaining 58% of MillerCoors and the Miller global brand portfolio for $12 billion, representing the largest transaction in our Company's history which made Molson Coors the third largest global brewer.  We also retain the rights to all of the brand that were in the MillerCoors portfolio in the U.S. and Puerto Rico, including REDD's and import brands such as Peroni, Grolsch and Pilsner Urquell. The transaction was completed at 9.2 times effective purchase multiple, including the present value of cash tax benefits.  Additionally, we will be driving substantial cost synergies in the next three years and we continue to expect this transaction to be significantly accretive to underlying earnings in the first full year of operations. With the completion of the transaction and the changes we're making to align and enhance our organization, the building blocks are in place for our Company to drive top-line growth, profit, cash generation, debt pay-down and total shareholder returns in the years ahead.  Led by our First Choice for consumer and customer agenda, these building blocks are grouped into four key areas. First, our organization and France are all under one roof for the first time. We've also reset our performance incentives around growth in sales, specifically volume and revenue per hectoliter, profit, cash and profit after capital charge or PACC, to help ensure top to bottom alignment with our key priorities and of course, those of our investors, including driving total shareholder return and performance towards our committed deleverage targets.  Secondly, our consumer excellence approach. Our global brand portfolio of Coors, Miller and Staropramen, supported by our national champion, craft and speciality brands, now gives a platform for accelerating performance outside of our core developed markets over time. Within our largest markets, we now have more opportunities to lift and shift our highest potential brands, creative platforms, commercial ideas and innovations to drive growth and value.  We remain absolutely focused on driving improvements in our core brand performance in the U.S. and Canada in particular. Outside of North America, Coors Light continues to grow volume at double-digit rates through 2016 and our largest brand was almost flat globally. Our Europe business increased retail volume and market share in the past year and our international business drove strong volume growth in high potential markets in Latin America and Asia Pacific.  Thirdly, our customer excellence approach. We're investing heavily in sales capability and execution improvement, including a suite of leading-edge sales technology and tools, supported by our new global commercial team with First Choice Learning Center, we've rolled this approach across all of our markets and are excited about the promise of this effort to drive incremental revenue, margin and profit.  The key metric we used to evaluate our customer engagement is a net promoter score or NPS and we're already making great strides in improving our NPS performance across all of our markets. In fact, for the first time in its history, MillerCoors finished number one in the most recent Tamarron Supplier Survey which pulls hundreds of U.S. distributors in rating the performance of beer, wine and spirits suppliers. We're building stronger partnerships by providing beer expertise, customer centric solutions and industry-leading service and results.  Progress is also reflected in other customer awards our teams have recently won, including the number one supplier ranking in the UK's advantage chain retail survey, Supplier of the Year across all categories by Tesco, the biggest retailer in the UK and the Supplier of the Year award from Boston Pizza, the largest on-premise chain in Canada. As one organization, we're lifting and shifting the best disciplines and customer solutions across markets, including bringing our U.S. Building with Beer tool to Canada and other markets this year.  And lastly, our focus on talent development, diversity and inclusion is really laser-focused in enabling our First Choice agenda and leadership capability right across our enterprise. With these building blocks in place, we believe that Molson Coors is positioned to grow total shareholder returns. The completion of the MillerCoors transaction represents a step forward in the size and strength of our business and this will drive some significant changes in our financial numbers in the near term as we align and enhance our financial reporting.  In order to provide more comparable financial information, unless otherwise indicated, all fourth quarter and full-year 2016 consolidated and U.S. results discussed on this call will be presented in a pro forma basis as if the MillerCoors transaction and its financing had been completed at the beginning of 2015. So, start with business highlights for 2016.  Overall, we're pleased with the progress our Company made last year. We increased global pro forma net sales per hectoliter 1.4% in constant currency for the year as we continued to achieve positive net pricing and to premiumize our portfolio towards higher margin, higher growth above premium brands. We exceeded our target for cost savings and we expanded pro forma underlying gross and pretax margins globally.  We reported nearly $2.4 billion of 2016 pro forma underlying EBITDA, an increase of 2.6% from the year before. And on an underlying pro forma basis, we grew pretax income 4.1% and after-tax income 1.9% for the year.  Now, I'd like to share some regional highlights from 2016. In the U.S. on a pro forma basis, MillerCoors domestic net sales revenue per hectoliter grew 1.3% for the year as a result of favorable net pricing and positive sales mix. Total net sales per hectoliter, including contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, increased 1.2% for the year.  We grew our share of the premium light segment with Coors Light completing its seventh consecutive quarter of increased segment share and it's best annual volume performance since 2012, while Miller Lite reached nine consecutive quarters of increased segment share. Coors Banquet which completed its tenth consecutive year of volume growth, gained segment share and came out of 2016 with accelerating volume trends. And above premium, we purchased three regional craft breweries during the year and began integrating these high-growth, high-potential businesses.  Although Blue Moon seasonals and REDD's had a challenging year, Peroni continued to grow volume and Henry's Hard Soda which was launched just over a year ago, became the number one hard soda franchise in 2016. Our U.S. team is also executing new strategies to improve the performance of our economy, economy brands which are already showing signs of progress. Miller High Life had it's best annual sales to retail performance since 2009. Overall STRs, however, declined 2.5% in the U.S. in 2016.  MillerCoors pro forma cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 2.5% driven by supply chain cost savings and lower commodity costs, partially offset by lower fixed cost absorption due to lower volumes. 2016 underlying pro forma pretax income in the U.S. was up 13.8% from the previous year as lower cost of goods sold, net pricing growth and positive sales mix were partially offset by lower volume.  In Canada, net sales per hectoliter in local currency increased 0.2%, driven by more than 1% of positive pricing and mix, partially offset by mix shift towards lower revenue packs and contract brewing volume. Our top line reflected growth in our above premier brands as Coors Banquet, Mad Jack, Belgian Moon, Creemore and our Heineken import portfolio all continued to grow volume and market share.  Meanwhile, market pressure on the mainstream segment, particularly in Quebec and the West, drove overall STR volume 2.8% lower for the year. Canada COGS per hectoliter decreased 1.1% in local currency, driven by cost savings and lower depreciation expense. These factors were partially offset by the impacts of volume deleverage, unfavorable foreign currency movements and inflation.  On the bottom line, 2016 Canada underlying pretax income declined 12.2% to $267.3 million, driven by lower volume, higher brand amortization, commercial investments and negative foreign exchange impacts, partially offset by cost savings and lower incentive compensation expense. We also determined that the fair value of the Molson Coor brands in Canada was lower than their carrying value, so we recorded an impairment charge of $495.2 million in the fourth quarter which is excluded from our underlying results.  In addition, we changed these brands to definite lived intangible assets which will be amortized over 30 to 50 years. Europe net sales decreased 0.9% in local currency for the year driven by the indirect tax provision of approximately $50 million recorded in the fourth quarter related to an ongoing legal dispute along with lower contract brewing volumes. Our continued portfolio premiumization and mix management drove a 1% increase in 2016 Europe net sales revenue per hectoliter in local currency.  On the strength of our above premium brands, including Coors Light, Sharp's, Franciscan Well, Staropramen outside of Czech Republic and Rekorderlig Cider, we grew market share in the region with a 1.4% increase in owned, licensed and royalty sales volume. COGS per hectoliter in local currency increased 4.4% due to mix shift to higher cost product and geographies, as well as lower net pension benefit.  2016 underlying pretax income was 36.2% lower due to $86.2 million of cost increases relating to the indirect tax provision, brand amortization expenses, lower net pension benefit and unfavorable foreign currency movements.  Our international business delivered strong results in 2016 with double-digit growth in net sales in owned and royalty volume as well as improved bottom-line performance. Higher owned and royalty volume was driven by the addition of the Miller global brands along with Coors Light growth in Latin America and Australia, while net sales increased due to higher volume and positive pricing.  This team improved 2016 financial performance significantly versus the year before and delivered on its profits commitment excluding the impact of foreign currency movements since 2013 and the total alcohol prohibition in Bihar, India from earlier in 2016. Improved financial performance was driven by the addition of the Miller brands, volume growth in Latin America and Australia, favorable mix, positive pricing, cost savings and cycling the substantial restructure of our China business in 2015.  The integration of the Miller global brands within International, Canada and Europe is proceeding well in the first few months following the transaction close. But we're still in the early stages of assessing the historical and potential future performance of these brands. We're leveraging existing platforms and partnerships in some countries and establishing new supply chains and partnerships in other attractive new markets.  Regardless of the structure, all of our efforts are focused on leveraging our existing scale and brand presence to grow the Coor, Staropramen and Miller trademarks and our craft brands in key markets around the globe. Now, I will turn it over to Tracey to give financial highlights and perspective on 2017. Tracey? 
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Mark and hello, everybody. Following the completion of the MillerCoors transaction, today's results reflect a number of changes we have made to our financial reporting in order to align and clarify our results. As Mark mentioned, we're providing pro forma results for the consolidated Company and U.S. business, including updates from refinements to purchase accounting and related tax-work functions and aligning the way we report our volume.  Current pro forma consolidated in U.S. results will be presented as if the transaction and its financing had been completed at the beginning of 2015. Canada, Europe, international and corporate results will not be presented on a pro forma basis. With that in mind, following our pro forma consolidated financial headlines for the fourth quarter and full year 2016 are as follows.  Net sales were down 4.2% in U.S. dollars in the fourth quarter and 2.3% for the full year, primarily due to currency movements and the indirect tax provision recorded in Europe as well as lower sales volumes in North America. On a constant currency basis, net sales decreased 2.2% in the fourth quarter and 0.6% for the full year versus the same periods last year.  Our net sales per hectoliter in the constant currency decreased 0.8% in the quarter. On a full-year basis, net sales per hectoliter increased 1.4% due to positive pricing and sales mix. On a U.S. GAAP basis, we reported a pro forma net loss from continuing operations attributable to Molson Coors of $608.1 million for the fourth quarter, down from $6.7 million of net income a year ago.  This decrease was driven by the impairment charge recorded for the Molson brands in Canada, higher U.S. GAAP tax expense and the indirect tax provision recorded in Europe. On a full-year basis, U.S. GAAP pro forma net income from continuing operations attributable to Molson Coors decreased 48.9% to $257.5 million, driven by the same factors as in the quarter.  Fourth quarter pro forma underlying after-tax income increased 16.4% to $98.7 million or $0.46 per diluted share driven by 42% higher income in the U.S. and increased performance in international, partially offset by the indirect tax provision in Europe. Full-year underlying after-tax income increased 1.9% to $936 million, driven by 13.8% higher U.S. income and lower losses in international, partially offset by lower income in Europe in Canada.  Underlying pro forma pretax income increased 4.4% on a reported basis and increased 10.8% in constant currency for the fourth quarter. Full-year underlying pretax income increased 4.1% on a reported basis and increased 5% in constant currency. Pro forma underlying EBITDA in the quarter was $405.1 million, 4.6% higher than a year ago. For full-year 2016, our business reported $2.383 billion of pro forma underlying EBITDA, an increase of 2.6% from 2015.  Beginning in the first quarter this year, we tend to focus our consolidated and business unit performance discussions on underlying EBITDA which will allow greater comparability with other global brewers. On our last earnings call, we told you that we would provide transaction adjusted earnings per share which is how we look at value creation from the MillerCoors and Miller global brands transaction.  Since then, the SEC has provided general direction to the market, reinforcing advise against non-GAAP measures. To respect that direction, we will provide components for you to make that calculation on your own. As we mentioned previously, this metric is calculated as the sum of three numbers, underlying after-tax pro forma earnings per share, transactional related after-tax book amortization and transactional related cash tax benefits.  In the fourth quarter, these three numbers were the underlying pro forma after-tax earnings of $98.7 million plus $9.4 million of transactional related after-tax book amortization and $63.9 million of transactional related cash tax benefits. Also, we had 216.4 million weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the fourth quarter on a pro forma basis.  For the full year 2016, these numbers were the underlying pro forma after-tax earnings of $936 million plus $37.5 million of transactional related after-tax book amortization and $275 million of transactional related cash tax benefits. We had 216.1 million weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the full year on a pro forma basis. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the fourth quarter and full year.  In the area of cost savings, we exceeded our 2016 goal by achieving more than $165 million of in-year cost reductions across our Company, driven by the U.S., Canada and Europe, with saving from MillerCoors exceeding $85 million on a pro forma basis, along with more than $80 million from outside the U.S.. These results benefited from significant non-synergy cost savings initiatives, such as the Eden and Alton closures which we do not expect to repeat in the near future.  We generated $864 million for underlying free cash flow in 2016 on an actual basis, but not pro forma, up from $724 million in 2015. This growth was driven by the addition of the other 58% of MillerCoors cash flows post transaction as well as strong working capital performance including lower underlying cash tax payments versus 2015. This strong cash generation allowed us to achieve a quick start on our deleverage goals by paying down $200 million of term debt prior to the end of 2016.  A detailed reconciliation of our 2016 and 2015 underlying free cash flow is available in our earnings release this morning. Total debt at the end of 2016 was nearly $12.1 million, while cash and cash equivalents totaled $561 million resulting in net debt of $11.5 billion. Looking forward to 2017, all of the following metrics now include 100% of MillerCoors results.  Currently, we expect cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans to be in the range of $100 million to $120 million in 2017. We anticipate 2017 pension income of approximately $24 million. Our 2017 capital spending outlook is approximately $750 million based on foreign exchange rates at the end of 2016.  The increase in planned expenditures for 2017 is driven by the addition of MillerCoors capital expenditures, work on our new brewery in British Columbia and spending to capture transactional related synergies and other cost savings. Our consolidated net interest expense outlook for 2017 is approximately $370 million plus or minus 5%.  We expect our 2017 underlying effective tax rate to be in the range of 24% to 8% assuming no further changes in tax laws, declarements of tax orders, excess tax deductions or share-based compensation or adjustments to our [indiscernible] in tax position. And this range is consistent with our current expectation for our long term tax rate. We expect our cash tax rates to be significantly lower than this range due to the cash tax benefits related to the MillerCoors transaction.  U.S. legislative initiative to reform U.S. tax laws could have a significant impact on our tax rates and our cash tax expectations and we're following these developments closely. The post-transaction integration of our business and cost synergies capture are progressing well with the following updates, the North American supply chain is driving to create a more efficient fixable production network and we're evaluating options in light of the recent U.S. border tax proposals.  Global procurement has 24 integration projects in flux with four already complete. Our global business services locations have been agreed in North America and Romania and we're focused on building world-class globalization of processes and digital leverage to provide sale, efficiency and effectiveness across our new business services network. In commercial, we have finalized the selection of global media partners and transferring our U.S. return on marketing investment or ROMI, model to both Canada and Europe.  And finally, Miller global brand integration has proceeded as planned in each of our business units. We have confirmed the sale and distribution structures for two-thirds of the Miller global brand volume with a balance operating in the near term under transitional service agreement.  For cost savings, we continue to target $550 million of all in savings which will be made up of ongoing cost savings in all of our businesses as well as transactional related synergies, all of which we plan to deliver by the third full year of our combined Company which is 2019. Related to this cost savings goal, we fully anticipate incurring approximately $350 million of one-time incremental cash costs over three years to capture synergies, about evenly split between incremental capital spending and cash operating expense, primarily in the first two years of the program.  In the first year of this three-year program, we plan to deliver more than $175 million of all in cost savings in 2017 with most of these expected to come from non-synergy initiatives. We plan to capture the majority of our transactional related synergies in 2018 and 2019. Going forward, we will provide quarterly updates on transactional related items that we previously discussed, including our realized cash tax benefits and incremental amortization.  We continue to expect transactional related cash tax benefits to average more than $275 million per year for the next 15 years. But we now anticipate that these benefits will be somewhat front-end loaded in the first few years, with the later years slightly lower than the $275 million average. In addition, we expect transactional related amortization of approximately $37 million annually on an after-tax basis.  Finally, our underlying free cash flow target for 2017 is $1.1 billion plus or minus 10%. This target is consistent with the preliminary target we provided on our last earnings call and an increased impact of incremental cash paid for interest and synergy related capital in 2017 as well as the cash tax benefits resulting from the transaction. This 2017 free cash flow target excludes planned capital spending relating to building our new British Columbia, as this multi-year project is being funded largely by the sale of our former brewery in Vancouver early in 2016.  As far as our cost outlook is concerned for the full year 2017, we expect the cost of goods sold per hectoliter in MillerCoors to increase at low single-digit rates and Canada COGS to increase at mid-single-digit rates in local currency. We expect our Europe COGS per hectoliter to decrease at a low-single-digit rate in local currency and our international business COGS per hectoliter to decrease at a double-digit rate. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Mark for outlook, wrap-up and the Q&A. Mark? 
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Tracey. In 2017, we will continue to play to win via our First Choice consumer and customer agenda. In the U.S., as we move forward in 2017, we will continue to drive towards our goal of flat volume in 2018 and growth in 2019.  We'll again invest heavily in our flagship brands, Coors Light and Miller Lite, plus Coors Banquet. Coors Light recently launched a new extension of the Climb On campaign built on our continued commitment to sustainability which we believe will resonate with a growing number of consumers who support brands and make the world a better place.  And above premium, Henry's Hard Sparkling and new products to play in the growing alcoholic sparkling water category will be launched nationally in March with lemon lime and passion fruit flavors, while REDD's and Blue Moon Belgian White will introduce new aluminum pint packaging in the second quarter.  Tenth and Blake, the craft and import division of MillerCoors will continue its focus in integrating and rapidly expanding the geographic reach of our craft acquisitions. As an example, the Tarrapin Beer Company will reopen its brand new taproom and micro-brewery and The Battery Atlanta, adjacent to SunTrust Park which will soon be the new home of the Atlanta Braves baseball team. In addition, Tenth and Blake will accelerate efforts on Peroni to drive incremental growth.  Finally, we're implementing a range of new initiatives to boost our economy portfolio. Miller High Life has new marketing and redesigned packaging, the Keystone family will unveil new packaging early this year and Mickey's is bringing back its popular large format glass bottle packaging. In First Choice customer engagement, beside the Tamarron, when more than 15 retailers recently named MillerCoors their supplier of the year.  And we increased production flexibility across our brewery network and ramped up two new aluminum pint filling lines in Fort Worth and Shenandoah to meet demand for this package. We also remain committed to developing and maintaining strong relationships with our U.S. distributors.  In Canada, our First Choice agenda will be focused on bringing back momentum to the top line through a relentless focus on our two largest brands, Coors Light and Molson Canadian in the premium segment. We look forward to a launch of the new Molson Canadian campaign celebrating Canada's 150th anniversary this year and to aligning the Coor Light creative platform with the U.S. Climb On campaign.  We'll also drive for further growth in above premium by Coors Banquet, Mad Jack, Belgian Moon and the Heineken brand family. While MGD will be the main focus Miller brand in the short term, we're fine-tuning the potential roles of Miller Lite and Miller High Life to further strengthen our portfolio. Our customer relationships remain one of our key assets and there will be increased call efficiency in 2017 and more focus on in-store execution of our brand campaigns across all channels.  We will also continue to transform our cost base to ensure we maximize our future competitiveness, including in our brewery network. In Europe, our First Choice consumer agenda now includes the Miller brands as well as the international license and export business in the region starting on January 1 so that we're now driving Staropramen, Coors, Carling and Miller with fully-aligned strategies across Europe. We're also continuing to build our craft portfolio, including Sharp's, Franciscan Well and further expansion of Blue Moon across the region.  In January, we purchased a controlling interest in the Spanish craft brewery, La Sagra. Located near Madrid, La Sagra expands our craft portfolio in the world's 11th largest beer market and offers a new distribution partner in Spain for Blue Moon Belgian White. In customer excellence, our overall Europe net promoter score increased again in 2016 for the third year in a row, with 9 out of 11 countries improving their customer rating. In the UK our key accounts in convenient retail customers scored as number 1 out of 21 beverage suppliers.  Our international business is now much bigger with the addition of the Miller global brands, including attractive developing and emerging markets. Beginning on January 1, we also changed our Puerto Rico business reporting to the international segment so that one team is now managing the entire Caribbean while at the same time transferring the European MCI markets to our Europe business.  We're building on our existing Coors Light momentum in Latin America and leveraging opportunities to grow the Coors and Miller brands in high-opportunity market using an asset-light model by our strong partnering and local license agreements. The addition of the Miller global brands complements our growth strategy and we've already hit the ground running in key priority markets.  In existing priority markets, such as Australia and Honduras, where our partners have already embraced Coors Light, we're ready to accelerate growth with the addition of the Miller brands. In the attractive new markets, we have begun expanding distribution with local partners, on-boarding our country managers and activating local transition service agreements.  To summarize our discussion today, we're pleased with the overall progress our Company made in 2016. In addition to completing the MillerCoors and Miller global brands acquisition and moving quickly to integrate our business, we exceeded our targets for cash generation and cost savings and expanded pro forma gross margins and underlying pretax margins globally. We grew our above premium business globally, gained share of the key premium light segment in the U.S. and accelerated the growth in performance of our international business.  As one Company with an expanded portfolio of iconic brands and a highly focused Leadership Team, we have the building blocks in place to leverage our increased scale, resources and combined commercial experience to accelerate our First Choice agenda and deliver long term shareholder value. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment.  As usual, our prepared marks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 1:00 PM Eastern time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. So at this point Andrea, we would like to open up for questions, please. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Vivien Azer of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Vivien Azer: I was hoping we could drill down a little bit on the U.S. business. In particular some of the evolving dynamics that you're seeing in the competitive landscape and specifically at economy price points. Can you talk a little bit about some of the discount names that we're really seeing in the us and what you think these are rational choices that are being made in the subsegment? Thanks. 
Mark Hunter: Thanks for that question, Vivien I will ask Gavin to give some color. I think the context before we get into that detail is just look at our NSR per hectoliter performance in the U.S. which actually 2016 versus 2015 was relatively solid which is I think a good place to start the conversation. Gavin, do you want to just talk a little bit about the progress we're making on the economy and what pricing environment looks like? 
Gavin Hattersley: Sure good morning, Vivien. Look, I mean I just reiterate what Mark said right as our fourth quarter net pricing grows was only slightly than the growth we achieved for the full-year and for the full-year of 2016 growth of 1% is actually higher than we realized in 2015 so we're not really seen a deceleration of pricing. As it relates specifically to our economy portfolio and the economy beer segment is binge drinking relative to economy wines and spirits. Obviously we engaging the economy beer drinker is really important. Our strategy and economy is actually designed to bring more value to our drinkers across our brands. That's not a price focus strategy. The economy represents a significant volume for us it represents a significant volume opportunity for us and it's important that we get drinkers into the economy portfolio rather than getting to cheap wines and spirits because once they are in their that is where they tend to stay they grow loyalty to beer. As far as the progress we're making is concerned Miller High Life has moved away from the more hipster I am rich campaign we're now focusing on if you've got the time we've got the beer campaign and the brand had its best quarterly annual performance in seven years. In fact in the public Nielsen data that we actually grew share and grew volume in early February of this year. We're offering better value at retail to our customers with Keystone light 15 packs this is the 12 pack, Milwaukee's Best introduced a new packaging and looking were taken the alcohol up a Milwaukee's Best on regular and on ice. We've taken alcohol content on ice house up and Hamm's which has been around since 1865 has begun to reposition itself in certain geographies at opening price points. I'm pleased with the progress that we've made on our strategy for economy and it's really important for us as a business that we keep our drinkers in beer as opposed to wine and spirits. 
Vivien Azer: Can I squeeze in one more? 
Mark Hunter: Sure. Why not, Vivien?
Vivien Azer: Thanks, guys. So if we're looking at the price mix realization or the net revenue per hectoliter that you saw in the fourth quarter you guys have announced there's going to be a change in terms of the funding split between you and your distributors. What would that have look like if that changed had gone into effect in the beginning of the fourth quarter just so we understand the relative benefits of making that change? 
Gavin Hattersley : We're changing domestic industry standard 50/50 on all package beer and we worked very hard to ensure that the model is consistent keeping both MillerCoors and our distributors net revenue neutral point in time. It's all about executing our pricing strategy versus someone else's. The change will ensure that we can equally share in investments and benefits from a joint customer point of view we're ultimately make better choices together but it's revenue neutral. So you will see changes in our finance reporting on the sales revenue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Powers of UBS. Please go ahead.
Stephen Powers: Actually two things if I could. One is just a quick clarification. I may have missed it but did you realize any savings against your three-year plan in fourth quarter that just concluded? That would be the first question and just kind of building of Vivien's question on the economy as you ramp up the economy focus how certainly a repercussions have you taken that you can draw attention from economy wine and spirits are competitor beer brands and not cannibalize from elsewhere in your portfolio? 
Mark Hunter: To start on the first question, just to be clear I mean the $550 million of savings and ounce for the next three years start from the beginning of 2017 and we have given you the specific cost savings that we've achieved through 2016 was that what was actually right at the top end of our expectation, principally driven by the fact that we had the Eden and often closures in 2016 of those were significant nonrecurring event. So as you think about comparables, I would push them to one side because as I said they are nonrecurring events but the $559 is still solid the next two years and obviously as I said we will update that progress against that on a regular basis and update more fully on an annual basis. On your question on the economy brands to be fair I think, Gavin really colored most of what we're doing there. We're ensuring that our portfolio is fit for purpose, operational consumer value and makes our economy brands attractive relative to the choices that are available in economy spirits and economy wines so we believe that we're strengthening our relationships with drinkers bringing drinkers back into our brands by offering value across the portfolio. A measure there's really anything else to add to that. 
Tracey Joubert: The thing I would add to a, market is that we haven't seen impact on our premium brands effect we actually increase share meaningfully in the fourth quarter and December was actually one of our best year months in a very long time. In economy strategy went to back into the year. In fact we grew segment share with Miller Lite and Coors Light for 20 consecutive months. I haven't seen that impact that Stephen refers to and is certainly not a strategy. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Laurent Grandet of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Laurent Grandet: Actually ever go on the other side of the beer segment somewhere the premium one. You have been saying that you transferred the Blue Moon brand from tense and Blake to your core business can you tell us I mean where you stand on that transfer and how it is working? And also all the different initiatives you do to drive that revenue back to hectoliter. 
Mark Hunter: Gavin you want to pick up on Blue Moon and I think it's important to talk Blue Moon Belgian white obviously the seasonal part of that business and industries? Have been under a lot of pressure do you want to update? 
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, thanks. We originally conceived Blake in 2010 to crippled and expand crap rents like blooming in Leinenkugel's and some of the iconic bronze with like Perrone and since that time Bloomington Leinenkugel's have grown from regional powerhouses into really national mainstay so holding their own through this explosion of choice and different styles and given the scale and size of these two brands and made absolute sense for us to move it into the marketing department or each of the marketing departments and the move has gone particularly well. Mark referred to the seasonals and variety packs and yes Bluemoon has lost volume on seasonals and variety packs that this is industry wide and Bluemoon is no different to anybody else. Blue Moon Belgian white we've made some tweaks to our above the line and we're seeing the early benefits of that with meaningful trend improvements in the fourth quarter and into 2017 so I guess the short answer is the transfer has gone well. 
Mark Hunter: Laurent, I think your question just talked about how we're driving our and as our per hack right across our business the focus in all geographies is really about how we premium eyes our portfolio and if you look at our results across Canada, Europe and more broadly our international business we're only playing in the above premium segment is a return orientate the Business thought the same time recognizing economic engine is still our mainstream brand it's the power we've got to keep our big mainstream brands performing well and we talk share improvements particularly our biggest market, the us what the same time premium is in our portfolio and that is what we're about and that is what we will continue to focus on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Judy Hong: I wanted to follow up with a few questions on the cost savings. Given that 2016 actually came in at the high end of your range, can you talk about the potential upside to your $175 million target 2017 as part of your three-year cost savings target and it seems like we're actually looking for a step down versus 2016 so just wanted to get a little bit more clarity around that. And then can you tell us in terms of split of Miller's curve versus other segment with that $175 million target and Tracy I think you talked about potentially looking at supply-chain opportunities and evaluating it in light of the potential border just ability as part of the corporate tax reform so if you could talk about the implication of the total number that you set out? 
Mark Hunter: Judy, that's cheating there was about 18 questions and not one. 
Judy Hong: Cost savings. 
Mark Hunter: I think that was kind of three groups there so on the first one in relation to 2017 versus 2016 I think I covered that earlier 2016 a which we're very pleased about was kind of inflated versus what you call the normal normalized number because of the closure of Eden and Alton brewery, as though there are nonrecurring but very significant events to make a looking at 2016 and 2017 will start to strip out that impact. The $175 million number that we guided for trend for 2017 is in a that we feel confident that we will be focused on delivering and as we always intended to do we set our sales a target we try to meet him period that is what will attempt to do you through 2017. And that will be solid progress against our longer term $550 million of savings. With regard to the North American supply-chain, to and you want to just talk to how we're thinking about the? 
Tracey Joubert: So we have plans in place. We're making costs possible because it's very difficult very early to predict andcomment on any kind of changes that will come from tax reform that the administration is looking at. We have plans, we plan on if something changes we will make sure that they we can change direction. 
Judy Hong: Tracey if I could just follow up so the last earnings call there was some confusion around the free cash flow guidance and obviously came up with $1.1 billion that's in line with what you given us but any kind of color you can give us in terms of what you think you one-off or one-time items within that $1.1 billion number would be for 2017 that would be appreciated? 
Tracey Joubert: The guidance has remained consistent with what we told you is $1.11 billion plus or minus 10%. We don't break out that affects our free cash flow but some of the factors that probably you should consider is we've spoken about the incremental CapEx is going to be required to capture synergies and other cost savings and most of that will come in 2017 and 2018. If you recall we did tell you that the total cash cost was around $350 million to deliver the synergies and cost savings, that's when to be split evenly between CapEx and OpEx over the next three years. The other item to consider around free cash flow is we've got the incremental cash interest as a result of acquisition date sell that's a step up on that line. And then other items that affect us would be things like pension contribution, timing of working capital changes and then cash taxes on incremental income from the U.S. which is now a higher proportion of our income so that will also affect the free cash flow. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Swartzberg of Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Mark Swartzberg: Hey, Mark. Continuing one of the topics that to the race, Tracey the comments made about the related synergies is that the majority will be realized in 2018 and 2019. So, the obvious question is what you mean by majority? I doubt you will tell us the difference between 50% and 99% but as you think about moving past these next three years and the due diligence he will be doing on opportunities is it fair to think very up this morning areas for incremental savings is a procurement is a commercial is a commercial of just trying to get a sense of where the additional savings might come from over the next few years. 
Mark Hunter: Let me offer a couple of comments there, Mark we're going to get into splitting out the detail of the $550 million. We have said that the synergies related element which if you remember we did talk about in our last call which has come in as a bigger number and a faster number so faster realization which is good news, it's principally weighted into years 2018 and 2019, 2017 is more of a transition year as the businesses together we can all of the work streams up and running to moving any volume around the network requires significant planning and CapEx investment I forgot about phasing we've got in the fact those $550 million of savings will be in the year by the end of 2019. I don't want to give any further detail be on the. I think is our businesses come together in the markets, our ability to flex production across geographies but also how we can generate additional revenue synergies as we transfer some of our commercial excellence capabilities around our business which is so central to my approach something I think will unlock real value for us actually improving are overall commercial performance, First Choice agenda and the thing and shifting as practice ideas whether that's pricing and revenue Management plugging portfolio gaps and getting behind brands that we've launched that are working well and one geography, moving them to other geographies. All of that is ahead of us and for me opportunity and exciting but more of that to come I think into course. 
Mark Swartzberg: That's very helpful. And to build on that, Mark, commercial and customer excellence sure is contributing to this upgrade your seen among distributor in the U.S. and the way they are ready versus other suppliers. Is also translating it seems into and Gavin you pointed this out, to improve sure per transfer premium life but your overall share trends are quite unfolding the way you would like. Can you talk a little bit about what in that customer excellence focus is to come so to speak that can translate into either a pickup in the pace of sure taking and premium life or an improvement in the performance of other aspects of your portfolio. 
Gavin Hattersley: I actually think that we're very pleased with our sure performance, Mark, 22 straight months of performance highest we've had in many years and the month of December. But if you peel back the various brands, Mark, Coors Light four proceeding quarters we've had the best run since 2012. We've upgraded the regional identity on Coors Light and we're going to be building on the time on campaign to sustainability efforts as we head into summer. Miller Lite has had very positive volume growth in three of the last nine quarters which represents the best performance that we had from the brand. It goes back to the change in the original packaging in 2014 and then it is very different campaign. 'S we're pleased with the platform for which we could for Miller Lite and 2016. Coors Banquets achieved its tenth consecutive year of growth in 2016 with the front have performance in the low single digits and accelerating in the second half of the year than to mid-single-digit growth and we're going to be building a campaign as we go forward. We're introducing Spanish-language TV to go after the Latino segment of beer drinkers. I think are really covered our economy strategy and our economy portfolio strategy early enough, Mark I'm not going to repeat all that. 
Mark Hunter: So Gavin the only thing I would add in and Mark just for information is we wanted the decisions I've made is to take a portion of our synergies and reinvest our back into our business into our global growth team our commercial excellence team in the focused around a handful of areas so we're investing more pretty fundamental segmentation analysis which will inform an awful lot of our portfolio decision-making going forward and that's been done consistently across our business unit. We got a stronger broader global innovation team in place to drive for more disruptive innovation. We've now got a new, global digital team in place is for each of our business units with best practice. We've got small global brands team in place and a global customer excellence team focused on things like our MPS performance, field sales Management, pricing and revenue Management so for us to get different outputs going forward, we're making some changes in our business from an input perspective which I think will stand as in good stead as I look out over the course of the next 35 years and really building the commercial muscle of our organization over 18,000 people now lined up behind our First Choice agenda and I'm convinced that will pay dividends to our business as we move into the future. 
Mark Swartzberg: And if I can make one last one on the global dimension, Mark, of course the international Miller business is now yours. Can either you or Tracy can you give us some sense of the dollar amount we're talking about in terms of the cost of owning that either in year one? And the slope so to speak on that number? Because you need to layer and costs, you addressed it in your prepared remarks but I don't have a good sense of the dollar value. We put something in our model that can you give us some sense of the year one increment there and then with the slope on that number might be over the next few years? 
Tracey Joubert: I thought you might ask that question, the short answer is no at this stage, Mark. We are on our pro forma, we've excluded the Miller international brands and we're still working through the fine detail of the trailing EBITDA number. And then the aspirations moving forward. Is complex because it wasn't a definitive kind of business unit within SAB and it was spread across all of their operating units.
Mark Swartzberg: Do you want to just give a little bit of color though on what you are seeing in some of the markets and how you're looking at that business? 
Mark Hunter: Look, Mark I think to Mark's point more detail to come later but I think broadly we've had a very good start. We transition many of the markets of the PSA's. River excited about the prospect for the brand. As you might imagine of course there are some markets that are performing better than we expected, some markets that are performing as well but broadly speaking these are strong, growing markets that are now open the door for our other brands, have brought send scale to bear in existing markets where we're already selling course products and I think about a very strong opportunity going forward. 
Tracey Joubert: And Mark the only thing I would add is, continue very much focused around are asset light approach, working on Partnership's and a license and export basis that has served as well and I think from a relative cash use framework that we have articulated pretty consistently I think is the right approach for our business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Holland of Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
Andrew Holland: A couple questions if I may. Firstly, you refer in your remarks about Europe to the ongoing legal dispute and you put a $50 million indirect tax provision in the quarter. Can you just remind us what is going on there, what's behind that and what this sort of outcome is and whether there is any danger of needing any further provisions in 2017? And a slightly more detailed one can you just give us an idea of what your UK volumes have done in the year? And then perhaps thirdly could you just give us an idea of your trading year-to-date in the New Year? 
Tracey Joubert: Sure, so kind of in reverse order we don't give a trading update and that's a change that we made last year Andrew so the biggest slice of our business now is are U.S. business and the scanner detail is in the public domain so I would just refer you to that or any other data and any other markets we don't give short term trading updates. With regards to our UK binds someone as Simon just talk about in a second he can set that in the context of how our European business is performing and to your first question around the provision that we took, that's an ongoing legal dispute so we can't really get into any further details. Our review is that's the best estimate of the potential requirement on a multiyear basis. There is further detail in our 10-K which gives you a sense which gives you little bit more color. And really refer you to look at that but $50 million provision is really four year perspective so that gives you a sense of let's call it and your requirements because it's an ongoing legal dispute I can get into any more detail than that. I think to your second question, Simon to just want to talk about the UK and more broadly are European performance? 
Andrew Holland: Yes.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you Andrew. It's been a strong quarter four both the UK and European business. So you asked specifically about the UK. We continue to do well on premium citation we've had strong performance from Coors Light, continued good performance from our craft brands in the UK and Franciscan well and repatriation of our UK business also going very well. Along with our new entry through the quarterly brand supporting that together along with our very strong performance in the eyes of our customers where we have not been for sure is a number of channels in a number of customers, our UK business is in very good shape. If I put the UK business in context the European business is probably helpful to note or more helpful to you guys actually to get our European business performance, taking aside the indirect tax provision which by the way has been an issue spanning just over four years. So if I took that to one side of the a full-year issue weighing on every single quarter it gives you a very distorted picture. If I give you the underlying fundamentals of the European business, there pretty strong. In quarter 4 we grew our volumes by 2.5% and we gained share at our Q4 share was accelerated share gain versus the rest of the year. In combination with that we grew our net sale revenue by 3.1% and if I take the tax provision to one side and give your number and constant currency, our underlying pretax profits grew by over 20%. So we would be very successful by the UK performance driven by immunization First Choice for customers in the overall European performance through Q4 and that pretty much reflects the year that we've had in Europe as well. 
Andrew Holland: Okay just sorry just to clarify for the year or as a whole, I think your volumes, if I can make head or tails of the tables were down in Europe and for the year just marginally. And I'm just interested to know whether that was because of Continental Europe or the UK or both? 
Tracey Joubert: Our own brand volumes Andrew, our own brand and royalty volumes are up 1.4% so the slight decline you see is really driven by contract manufacturing. And I would point to in terms of underlying business underlying business 1.4% growth we would regard the along with our pricing and our next performance for the full-year to be good performance we've taken share we've grown up, we've grown our revenue and we've managed to grow that sells revenue per hectoliter across the or 0.4% so I think the suite of those metrics we be very pleased with. 
Dave Dunnewald: So just to help you with navigating to the financials at the top of the summary of operations for example the year business those volume numbers of what we call financial volume and they include not only some brand volumes and things that flow through the P&L but also contract period and also factored brand line which is part of our new volume policy for this year. What Simon was talking about to find call it brand volumes owned and royalty and so forth in the narrative of the release and the prepared remarks for the call. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Bronstein of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Robert Bronstein: A couple of questions thank you a couple questions on the U.S. business. First just in terms of Q4 and implications on Q1 can you talk a little about the fairly significant difference between the best years the STWs in the U.S. and Q4? As well as any impact from calendar issues and the weather on the market and are performance? 
Gavin Hattersley: , One change we made this year is we kept arbors up and all the way through the end of the year which is different from what we've done in the past we want to make sure that we cover dollar distributors orders we did that we did fulfill all the orders we received. We didn't push any inventory into our distribution network. We did have somewhat higher inventories as a result of the overall industry reduction in December. Our share was actually as good as it's been for a while but the overall industry as you know right across the alcohol and package goods was down in December so that drove our inventories up a little bit. The higher inventory level we had, Robert, certainly helped us with our service in the first month of the year. And we reduced our stocks and improved service quite meaningfully compared to previous years in the January. From a whether point of view the only real weather impacts we've had at the end of the year were some freezing conditions in both Milwaukee and Colorado which led to some challenges with Bluemoon and Bluemoon inventory but other than that no. As far as 2016 is concerned [indiscernible] inventory levels at the end of the year but our current plan is to ship to consumption in the year. 
Robert Bronstein: So if it wasn't weather related what happened in the industry in December than? 
Mark Hunter: Robert, I'll leave it up to you. Despite the fact that we were down in volume I was very pleased with our share performance particularly in the premium light segment and as I said we saw particularly good performance coming out of only parts of our economy strategy with dollar highlife and I'll be repeating myself if I go into all that again. 
Gavin Hattersley: Robert if you look more broadly across alcohol in CPG their just seem to be a general sluggishness in terms of demand I think we're wrestling to pinpoint why particularly at a time where there was so much frothing as an exuberance on the stock market so it remains a little bit of a mystery but it was I think a broad CPG kind of weakness through the month of December and is difficult to say it was due to X or Y. 
Robert Bronstein: And Gavin a bigger picture question on U.S. beer. One of the striking things that we saw in 2016 was a fairly significant slowdown in the craft sector and lots of reasons for that for some changes at least what we're hearing in terms of retailers in terms of their sets may be knocking out some long tail of some of the smaller crafts. So could you kind of give your assessment big picture in terms of what's going on in the beer market in the U.S. with the American consumer, what's happening with craft and retailers and how you're positioning yourself to take advantage of that? 
Mark Hunter: Robert, it's Mark here. Let me pick up because this could be a long conversation that may come back to I think some of the comments we made to last year. I think the prognosis is that craft has been great from a beer industry evolution perspective it's brought more drinkers any more conversations about sales and provenance and that's good for beer and its long term health and sustainability. It would appear to be the case that we're probably in a bit of an oversupply situation and many of the craft brands which are very across styles which are very occasions specific, mean that there is probably a limitation as to how brought that craft footprint can become.  Many retailers I think are now recognizing that they have got inefficiencies on their shelf sets and too many SKUs which are too specialized and certainly the more sophisticated retailers as would come through 2016 have been asking us for support and building with their approach to Gavin and team have in our category Partnership's actually help many we tellers shift sell shots and drive efficiency and velocity appoint a purchaser think you will see that continue to 2017 and beyond and the people that one that will be the big national craft brands of corporal clarity of positioning and distinctiveness of brands like our will place. Regional brands have got meaning across both the states and you'll continue to see a lot of local term and very small very local label profiles et cetera in many retailers will continue to give that visibility and presence but overall there should be a simple vacation of the offer from a sharper perspective. Gavin I don't know if I missed anything in that in a brief summary? 
Robert Bronstein: Coming into 2017 to believe you will have more equal or less shelf space and display space at your major retailers? 
Mark Hunter: Robert some of the big retailers have modified their assortment strategies just address out of stocks and to improve inventory turn. We believe that's the inevitable evolution as Mark said the number of SKUs that been added to the beer category over the past two years so overall we actually agree with that. And in some areas I would say that it has improved our positioning and in some areas it hasn't I think it's coming into 2017 we'll us is that. In its totality. But it's a strategy that we agree with because focus to core packages and provides a healthy balance between out of stocks and variety. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Bryan Spillane: I've got a couple of small picture questions I guess. One is on the tax provision. I think you covered this in response to a previous question. The $50 million provision that you took in Europe, the Europe segment it's sort of a one-time cost. You're making an accrual, based on what your best estimate of the exposure would be so as were sort of modeling next year, we wouldn't come to me that you've got, that there would be the estimate correct, we wouldn't and that $50 million to next year. Is that right? 
Tracey Joubert: That is our current best estimate of what is called the exposure and it's an aggregated four year timeline. There's a little bit more detail in the 10-K, Brian but I think that's a fair assessment. Where we're at this point time. 
Bryan Spillane: So given that is not a period cost specific to the fourth quarter, it knocked about $0.18 or $0.20 of the quarter? 
Tracey Joubert: Yes. That's factually correct. 
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then second question, just related to the write-down in Canada, is are going to be incremental amortization expense that we have to start plugging into Canada each year now based on the way you're going to amortize the brand there? 
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So that's correct, Bryan. Having moved the brands amortizing them over 30 to 50 years will give us a full-year cost of about $40 million on the full-year. Obviously that's a non-cash cost so it doesn't affect our cash flow number, but it will flow through on our earnings line. So that's correct and pretty standard in these situations. 
Dave Dunnewald: And just so people know this is Dave Dunnewald, that started in the fourth quarter so you'll see three quarters of that impact kind of on an overlap basis in 2017. 
Tracey Joubert: So about $30,000,000.2017, $40 million on a full-year basis. 
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then the last one, I noticed on your website if got the pro forma updates through the fourth quarter. So I'm assuming is that what we should be using out to sort of adjuster models, the base for our models to model of 2017? 
Tracey Joubert: Yes. That's correct. We tried -- a few people have talked about quarter we tried very hard to make this really clear and consistent. Using the pro forma I think it's everybody can have the best view of our business on a like for like basis. Think one thing just to mention is one of the made from the previous set of pro forma's related to really more detail planning on the PP are depreciation number is actually increased so that given us about $0.07 in the fourth quarter. So just as you look at the previous set of performance the new set of performance one of the numbers you may not have spotted is the depreciation number is bigger because the more exacting analysis of how we're allocating some of the asset values and life's and our business in the fourth quarter this out $0.07 difference to probably what you were expecting. 
Bryan Spillane: And it looks like it's also there some adjustments to the prior quarter also from what I saw on that line? 
Tracey Joubert: Yes. That's correct so we flowed that all the way back see if got full-year 20, full-year 2016 but there was a chunk in the fourth quarter in 2016 so just look out for that as you do your analysis and then just one last one I guess is we're talking about the pro forma.
Bryan Spillane: Is there anything else that's different today versus that November 1 set of pro formas besides the depreciation? 
Tracey Joubert : Yes so Bryan there was another driver and that related to a pension amortization. So once we sort of got down through the interpretation of our performer guidance we actually removed a pro forma adjustment that we had in that pro forma back in November. And it also related to purchase accounting impacts so the tailwind going into 2017 for that reference around $30 million. And just another item is that the Miller global brands are not in the pro forma. 
Bryan Spillane: All right. So as we're looking at bridging from pro forma to next year there's that $30 million that shouldn't repeat next year and then whatever we were thinking about in terms of the Miller global brands? 
Tracey Joubert: That's right. 
Mark Hunter: Plus the full-year amortization related to the Canada impairment, that's correct. 
Bryan Spillane: And obviously the $50 million pension is the other one that hopefully won't recur? 
Mark Hunter: Provision, yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic of SIG. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually [indiscernible] on for Pablo. Two quick questions. One I think you made of touched on already. The new $550 million worth of cost savings energy guidance how much cannot be attributed to MillerCoors itself, for a man dollars a century? And then secondly the pro forma EBIT ex-items was up for a $27 million trend for 2016 for disclosure. How much of that could be attributed to the deal? 
Mark Hunter: Sorry the line is a little bit tricky can you just repeat the second part? 
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. The pro forma EBIT for MillerCoors was up $170 million term for 2016 can you just tell us how much of that can be attributed to the deal? 
Mark Hunter: All right let me take the two questions one at a time. Tracy you want to take the second question, on the first question that is three-year guidance and acronym in a split in about by business unit we're reporting on an enterprise-level and we'll update on an ongoing basis. We have set a target of $175 million as we go through 2017 and as I said earlier we try and meet or beat those numbers as we always anticipate that we're not breaking out cost savings by business unit. On the second question which relates to the 2016 performance I think Dave Dunnewald. 
Dave Dunnewald: Let me pick up that one. It sounds as are you looking essentially for an earnings accretion or what was the deal that affect. You will see that pro forma number we've done anything we can to make those as comparable as possible for the adjustments in 2015 and 2016 are substantially the same. You want to see the deal benefit either just looking at the more actual results to be posted for the fourth quarter and comparing that with the archers as we've had in our prior year quarter. That's going to do your best estimate at this point but we're going to actually do call it full math around the that will give you a general idea and you can see that on the EBITDA tables in the earnings release and the other let's call it pretax earnings tables look at the actual number. 
Operator: There are no further questions in the Q4 so this concludes our question-and-answer session and I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Mark Hunter for closing remarks. 
Mark Hunter: Angela, that sounded almost like we choreographed that there. So many thanks for joining our call this morning and for your continued interest in the Molson Coors Brewing Company. We look forward to seeing you at forthcoming events and on our next call at the end of our Q1 earnings as well. Thanks, everybody. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Hunter - President & CEO Mauricio Restrepo - Global CFO Gavin Hattersley - CEO, U.S. Business Fred Landtmeters - CEO, Canada Business Simon Cox - CEO, Europe Business Stewart Glendinning - CEO, International Business Sam Walker - Global Chief Legal Officer Dave Dunnewald - VP IR
Analysts: Wendy Nicholson - Citi Research Vivien Azer - Cowen Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Pablo Zuanic - SIG Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Rob Ottenstein - Evercore
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I would like to paraphrase the Company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today. So please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The Company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by the Company's executives in discussing the Company's performance, please visit the Company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the financial reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period in U.S. dollars. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Mark Hunter: Thank you, Chad. And hello and welcome everybody to the Molson Coors earnings call. Many thanks for joining us today. With me on the call this morning from Molson Coors, we have; Mauricio Restrepo, our Global CFO; Gavin Hattersley, our CEO of our U.S. business, Fred Landtmeters, the CEO of our Canada business; Simon Cox, the CEO of our Europe business; and Stewart Glendinning, the CEO of our International business, along with Sam Walker, our Global Chief Legal Officer, and Dave Dunnewald, our VP of Investor Relations. Today, Mauricio I will split our call into two parts; first, we will take you through our third quarter 2016 results to an essence closeout Molson and Coors Brewing Company, as it's been structured for the past several years. Then, we'll turn our attention to our recently completed MillerCoors transaction, and three newer updated financial reporting metrics along with some perspective for the fourth quarter of this year. In third quarter we continue to focus on our First Choice ambition on building a stronger, broader and more premium brand portfolio underpinned by incremental sales and marketing investment as we've discussed all year. Business highlights for the quarter and year-to-date included increased net sales revenue per hectoliter on a constant currency basis in all our businesses for the quarter and year-to-date. We increased investments in our brands globally. Coors Light and Miller Lite again gained share in U.S. Premium Light segment for the quarter, including the highest segment share gain in three years for Coors Light. We saw 1.2% global volume growth for Coors Light on a year-to-date basis, with growth of more than 14% outside of North America. We had fast growing innovations in key markets including Henry's Hard Soda in the U.S. and Mad Jack in Canada. And we saw global growth year-to-date in our above premium portfolio, for example, Doom Bar and other Sharps brands in the UK, Creemore Springs and Belgian Moon in Canada and our four newly acquired brewers in the U.S. We also so strong growth by Staropramen across Europe outside of its whole markets and we also additionally saw cider volume increases with Rekorderlig in Europe and Strongbow in Canada. Overall, we continue to strengthen our business through improvements through our sales execution and revenue management capabilities increased efficiency of our operations and implementation of common global systems. Regional highlights for the third quarter and year-to-date are as follows; in the U.S. overall sales to retail volume decreased 4% for the quarter, and 2.5% year-to-date on a trading day adjusted basis driven primarily by our below premium and premium light brands. Coors Light and Miller Lite again gained segment market share, the SDR's declined reflecting industry trends. Coors Banquet continue to grow SDR volume and segment share. And in a higher market above premium segment, Henry's continues to be the number one Hard Soda franchise. Also our Saint Archer, Sheraton [ph] Hop Valley and revolver businesses of significantly expanded our craft offering for consumers and customers. Domestic net sales revenue per hectoliter grew 1.6% for the quarter, and 1.2% year-to-date as a result of favorable net pricing and positive sales mix. On the bottom line, U.S. segment underlying equity income increased 9% in the third quarter driven primarily by lower cost of goods sold, higher net pricing and positive sales mix. Year-to-date underlying equity income increased 9.3%, primarily due to the factors mentioned above, as well as a $12.3 million anticipated refund of federal excise tax paid on imports which we discussed on our last earnings call. In Canada, net sales per hectoliter in local currency increased 0.6% driven by growth in our above premium brands. This NSR increase reflected hairline price increases and positive brand mix but with higher levels of spend back as we ensured our brands were competitive on a market-by-market basis. Our performance in the above premium segment continue to be strong as we saw growth in both their own brands and their partner brands. Coors Banquet, Mad Jack, and Belgian Moon; all continued to deliver strong growth and our craft brands continue to grow share in the total beer category. The mainstream segment continue to face market pressure where our brand held scores for Coors Light and Molson Canadian have continued to improve month-over-month; and our sales execution input measures are similarly improving. Our COGS per hectoliter increased 3.5% in local currency with most of the increase being driven by volume deleverage and mix shift to higher cost products. Our cost savings program continue to be strong and fully offset impacts of inflation and other cost increases in the quarter. In the bottom-line underlying pre-tax income claimed by $15.9 million in the third quarter driven by lower volume, increased COGS, higher marketing investments and foreign exchange impacts of U.S. dollar-based supplier contracts. Europe net sales decreased 0.6% in local currency for the third quarter driven by 1.4% lower volume due to weaker demand versus strong sales last year across much of the region. Along with some trade inventory overhand from the Euro 2016 Football or Soccer Championships in the second quarter of this year. Nonetheless, we held our share position in the region and our continued portfolio premiumization and mix management drove a 1.2% increase in net sales revenue per hectoliter in local currency. In the quarter, we achieved strong growth by Coors Light, Staropramen outside of the Czech Republic, and their craft portfolio including Blue Moon, Doom Bar, and other the Sharps brands, as well as Rekorderlig cider. Underlying pre-tax income was lower in the quarter due to higher brand amortization expenses, lower net pension benefit, and unfavorable foreign-currency movements, especially related to the depreciation of the British pound. Year-to-date the benefit of higher net sales and NSR per hectoliter in local currency, volume and market share in Europe were more than offset by unfavorable foreign currency movements, higher brand amortization expense, lower pension benefits and the termination of the Heineken contract arrangement in the UK. Our international business continues to drive Coors Light momentum with year-to-date volume of this brand, up mid-single digits led by growth in Latin America and Australia. Excluding impacts of total alcohol prohibition in Bihar, India and the transfer of the Staropramen UK business to our Europe segment, our year-to-date underlying pre-tax underlying performance has significantly improved versus last year driven by volume growth in the remaining international markets. Now I will turn it over to Mauricio to give third quarter financial highlights and new performance metrics. Mauricio? 
Mauricio Restrepo: Thank you, Mark, and hello, everybody. As a reminder, all of the results that I will be discussing are in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise noted. So our third quarter and year-to-date financial headlines are as follows; net sales were down approximately 7% in U.S. dollars in the third quarter and about 5% year-to-date, primarily due to currency movements, especially in Europe, as well as lower worldwide volume. On a constant currency basis, net sales decreased 2.2% in the third quarter and were virtually unchanged year-to-date versus the same period last year. Our net sales per hectoliter in constant currency increased 1.3% in the quarter and 0.9% year-to-date due to positive mix. On a U.S. GAAP basis, we reported third quarter after-tax income from continuing operations attributable to Molson Coors of $202.5 million, up from $13.7 million a year ago. This increase was primarily driven by cycling $275 million of impairment charges recorded for certain Europe brands last year. On a year-to-date basis, U.S. GAAP after-tax income increased 67.5% to $539.8 million, driven by brand impairment charges last year, and a gain on the sale of our Vancouver Brewery earlier this year. Third quarter underlying after-tax income decreased 14.3% to $222.7 million or $1.03 per diluted share, driven by lower worldwide volume, a higher underlying tax rate, and higher brand investments globally, which were partially offset by positive mix and higher underlying U.S. equity income. Year-to-date underlying after-tax income decreased 5.5% to $576.4 million, driven by the same factors as in the quarter along with the negative foreign currency movements. Underlying pre-tax income declined 6.2% for the third quarter and 1.3% year-to-date. Underlying EBITDA in the quarter was $403.1 million, 4.1% lower than a year ago and our year-to-date underlying EBITDA declined 0.8%. Underlying free cash flow in the first three quarters of 2016 was $469.4 million. This represents a decrease of $24.9 million from the prior year, primarily driven by lower underlying after-tax income and lower distributions from MillerCoors. Total debt at the end of the third quarter was $9.9 billion, cash and cash equivalents totaled slightly less than $10 billion resulting in a net cash position of $94 million as we prepare to close the MillerCoors transaction on October 11. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial result in the quarter. Also, please see the Investor Relations page of our website this morning for updated 2015 full-year and 2016 year-to-date pro forma financial statements that reflect our preliminary purchase accounting for the transaction. Now looking forward to the remainder of 2016, following are some financial factors to consider for the fourth quarter. Our Europe business results will continue to reflect lower net pension benefit. Total alcohol prohibition in Bihar has presented a headwind in an international business since its enactment in April this year and we will continue to address this within our business. And finally, foreign currency translation, which at current exchange rate would be a headwind of approximately $8 million to our underlying pre-tax results in the fourth quarter this year, with all of the impact in Europe. Given the volatility of our key foreign currencies, particularly the British pound, it is important to watch these rates closely. Now regarding 2016 guidance, all of the following metrics exclude any effects of the MillerCoors and Miller global brands transaction. For the full year, we continue to expect cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans to be in the range of $45 million to $65 million in 2016 and pension expense of approximately $17 million, including our 42% of MillerCoors contributions and expense. Underlying capital spending of approximately $220 million which excludes capital this year related to the construction of our new brewery in British Columbia, which we expect to be largely funded by the proceeds from the sale of our Vancouver Brewery earlier this year. MG&A expense in corporate of approximately $120 million on an underlying basis which excludes expenses related to the MillerCoors transaction. Consolidated net interest expense of approximately $110 million on an underlying basis which excludes transaction-related interest expense and income. An underlying effective tax rate in the range of 18% to 22% assuming no further changes in tax laws, settlement of tax audits, excise tax deductions or share-based compensation or adjustments to our uncertain tax position. As far as our cost outlook is concerned, we continue to expect full year 2016 cost of goods sold per hectoliter in Canada and Europe to increase at a low single-digit rate in local currency, and we expect a low single-digit decrease in MillerCoors and a double-digit increase in international versus prior year. As we first mentioned several months ago, with the completion of the MillerCoors transaction we are no longer providing the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses. Earlier this year we told you that we would share more specifics regarding three new performance metrics with you once the transaction closed. These metrics are transaction adjusted EPS, and all in multi-year cost savings target, and an early view of our combined company underlying free cash flow target for 2017. So taking these in order; transaction adjusted EPS is a new, non-GAAP performance measure we are introducing to provide enhanced visibility to the performance and value of our Company post-transaction. To calculate this measure we start with underlying book EPS, a non-GAAP measure, and then add back after-tax book amortization that is directly related to the transaction, and we then add the transaction-related cash tax benefits. Based on our latest pro forma financial statements which we will post on our website this morning, our 2015 pro forma transaction adjusted EPS was $6.11 per diluted share on an underlying basis. This calculation includes transaction-related after-tax book amortization of approximately $42 million and cash tax benefits of $275 million per year, but it does not include any pre-tax income related to the Miller global brands nor any benefit from deal synergies. Because the routes to market and supply chain structures for many of the Miller global brands markets are still being developed, the cost and margin structure for these businesses are also a work in progress. As a result, we have decided to exclude the Miller global brands from our pro forma results for periods prior to the close of the transaction. For the first three quarters of 2016, pro forma transaction adjusted EPS was $5.43 per diluted share, an increase of 4% versus $5.22 per diluted share for the first three quarters of 2015. Going on to our second metric, cost savings over the next three years; we have set and all-in target of $550 million which will be made up of ongoing cost savings in all of our businesses, as well as transaction related synergies, all of which will be delivered by the third full year of our combined company which is 2019. Approximately half of this three-year cost savings target is synergies which represents a synergy goal that is nearly 40% larger and 25% faster than the original $200 million synergies target over four years that we shared with you when we announced the transaction nearly a year ago. We expect the synergies delivery to be weighed towards years two and three while the other cost savings will be weighted toward years one and two of the program. As we have been discussing for the past year, we expect these cost savings to come primarily from the areas of global procurement and shared services along with North American supply chain, so they will primarily benefit the cost of goods sold line. As part of the planning process for the past year, we have also identified a moderate amount of savings from information systems. Please note, that we do not plan to provide additional specifics regarding annual phasing of the cost savings or a detailed breakout of transaction-related synergies versus other cost savings. Related to this cost savings goal, we anticipate incurring approximately $350 million of one-time incremental cash cost over three years to capture synergies, about evenly split between incremental capital spending and cash operating expense, primarily in the first two years of the program. Note that the incremental CapEx would be on top of our recent all in CapEx run rate of approximately $650 million to $700 million, plus or minus 10%, including 100% of MillerCoors CapEx in recent years. With a base CapEx spend of approximately $2.1 billion over the past three years, the CapEx needed to capture synergies represents an increment of less than 10% to our current run rate. We will continue to apply our pack model to these and all other significant potential capital and cash deployment decisions to help ensure that they are aligned with our priorities. Finally, as always, when these cost savings initiatives are completed in three years we will continue to pursue cost reductions across our business in order to provide resources to help drive our top line, bottom line and shareholder value. Finally, to help you model our business we also want to share our preliminary underlying free cash flow target for 2017, which is $1.1 billion plus or minus 10%.  Note, that this target includes the impact of incremental interest expense, U.S. tax expense, and synergies related CapEx in 2017, as well as the cash tax benefits resulting from the transaction. As in the past we plan to report back to you each year regarding how we are performing against these targets. So at this point I'll turn it back over to Mark for highlights of the transaction, business outlook, and Q&A. Mark.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Mauricio. This clearly is a historic time in the evolution of Molson Coors. Three weeks ago we completed our acquisition of the remaining 50% stake in the Miller Coors joint venture, along with the Miller global brand portfolio. We emerge as the world's third largest for bringing together Molson Coors and Miller Coors into a bigger, better organization, as one Company with an expanded portfolio of iconic brands, we intend to leverage or increase scale, resources, synergies and combine commercial experience to accelerate our First Choice agenda and deliver long-term shareholder value.  Because of this game changing transaction, Molson Coors now controls 100% of the highly strategic and attractive U.S. business, and will accelerate new growth the properties in emerging and developing beer markets globally with the Miller brand rights. This transaction also improves our operating efficiency and go to market strategy by changing our commercial capability in a truly global scale.  Financially, this is a compelling combination based on a very attractive price, ground operational synergies, substantial cash tax benefits, and the attractive financial package that we put in place earlier this year. As a reminder, for $12 billion of cash, we have purchased the remaining 58% of the Miller Coors joint venture that we didn't already own.  The ownership of the Miller brands, which outside of the U.S. we managed in more than 50 countries by our Molson Coors international, Molson Coors Canada and Molson Coors Europe businesses. Perpetual growth of free U.S. licensees for the existing ASP Miller import license brands, including Perrone, Fosters, gross and Reds [ph] for which Miller Coors most recently paid royalties of approximately $60 million in 2015.  And finally, because this is an asset transaction for U.S. tax purposes, we will receive immediate cash tax benefits that we now estimate will exceed $275 million annually, for the next 15 years. This represented an increase from a previous estimate of more than $250 million per year due to the detailed tax diligence work that we completed during last year.  The purchase price implies a headline enterprise by the multiple 11 times 2015 combined underlying EBITDA. When including the present value of the cash tax benefits to purchase multiple drops in effect of 9.2 times. These tax benefits are common with this type of asset transaction and they carry a high degree of certainty. As such we believe this is the most appropriate way to value this combination.  This represents a very attractive purchase multiple, even though it does not include the anticipated benefit of our transaction related synergies. We expect this combination to be accretive to underline diluted EPS and transaction adjusted EPS in the first full year of operations before synergies and we expect it to meet our Cardinal rates in year one, which is consistent with their disciplined use of cash framework.  Now, looking forward as a combined Company, our teams are focused on driving our First Choice agenda. Finishing the year with strong performance in each of our businesses and hitting the ground running and integration. You've heard us speak about these themes in the past for each of our businesses will continue to focus on transforming our portfolio to a the above premium segment, introducing value driving innovation, integrating the Miller brands and lifting and shifting best practices of talent across the global organization.  To provide just a few examples by business, in the U.S. [indiscernible] focus on the development integration of these new craft Partners, Saint Archer, Terrapin, Hop Valley and Revolver. And FNB's Henry led a new hard great flavor to its line of hard sodas, we will introduce a new line of hard sparkling waters to claim the growing alcohol sparkling water category.  Henry's Hard Sparkling will be launched nationally in March with lemon lime and passionfruit flavors. Reds and Blue Moon Belgian white introduce new aluminum pipe packaging in the second quarter of 2017.  Over the past few months we've built a strategy that elevates volume across our economy portfolio. For example, Miller High Life recently announced plans to reintroduce -- that brings back its classic jingle if you've got the time we've got the beer. We will also revamping its packaging for a further the unique heritage.  Elsewhere, across the economy portfolio, Hams will be reintroduced nationally at an opening price point in Milwaukee's Best is getting a total packaging update to give a fresh new look. And beginning early in 2017 we willfully revamp Keystone light including only packaging and advertising. For innovation in the value category, we are introducing spike watermelon reserve brand family and we are increasing the size of our PET bottle singles from 40 ounces to 42 ounces for the same price, again to deliver value to our consumers and customers. In Canada, our team is integrating the Miller brands back into our portfolio and will double down on the above premium MGD. We're also assessing the opportunities for Miller high life and other U.S brands that we can lift and shift into the Canada market. Mad Jack is performing well in the FNB space and we will consider other innovative options to drive value for our Canada consumers and customers. In Europe, we now have the Miller brands in the U.K and Ireland and this business is also repairing to begin managing the international license and export business in the region starting in January 1. This will allow us to drive and other league brands were fully aligned strategies across Europe. We will also continue to build our craft portfolio, including further expansion of Blue Moon across the region.  Our international business is well on the way to full integration of the Miller global brands into our portfolio, and we’re leveraging a new footprint, strategy in emerging markets. For example, in Panama and Honduras where our Partners have already embraced Coors Light we are ready to accelerate growth with the addition of the Miller brands. The international team has also begun planning process for transitioning to Puerto Rico over from Miller Coors on January 1. Going forward Coors and Miller brands will be priority brands for international business.  To summarize, we are delighted to have completed the MillerCoors transaction which is a compelling, strategic and financial opportunity for our Company and our shareholders that catapults Molson Coors to the next level. In this combination key priorities in three specific areas. Firstly, in brand lead growth the cash tax benefits and cost savings made possible by this transaction will provide resources that we can invest and accelerating the transformation of the front end of our business through, for example, investing behind our core brand across all of our geographies, premiumizing our portfolio and engaging with consumers in new ways, including cross-border exchange of category changing innovation, expanding the depth and reach of our international brands and fast growing markets, including securing a certain and aligned future for the Miller brands globally, and finally, leveraging our shared commercial capability through extraordinary brand building, world-class insight, digital leadership and unrivaled customer excellence.  Secondly, this transformation of our Company offers unique opportunities for us to drive cash generation, through substantial tax benefits, cross synergies, cross-border working capital improvements and disciplined use of our pack model across the combined Company. We expect all of these benefits to provide strong free cash flow and allow us to quickly pay down acquisition debt and maintain our commitment to investment-grade debt ratings.  And thirdly, this transaction represents a prudent high return use of cash for Molson Coors on our shareholders. We're using this transaction only to make Molson Coors a bigger Company, but also a better Company with our integration complexity normally found in a deal of this size.  As we focus on deleveraging our balance sheet over the next two to three years, we expanded our share repurchase program and have announced we plan to maintain our current dividend of share level and we will revisit our dividend policy once deleveraging is well underway.  Overall, this combination is a game changer in our ambition to become First Choice for consumers and customers, and it's highly consistent with our goals and our focus on building extraordinary brands, delivering innovation and driving significant volume to our shareholders.  Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call just a quick comment. As usual, our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 1:00 PM Eastern time today Dave Dunnewald, will host a follow-up conference call which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our Quarterly Results. This call will also be available for you to hear be a webcast on our website.  At this point, Chad, we would like to open up for questions, please. 
Operator: Certainly, thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Wendy Nicholson with Citi Research. Please go ahead.
Wendy Nicholson: Good morning. Just a quick clarifying question. That $1.1 billion free cash I never did that include or exclude the cost required to get your synergies? Just a housekeeping item? And then second thing, of the $559 of savings to come, can you talk specifically about how much reinvestment specifically in advertising you expect to redeploy? I know some of the strength in Coors Light is probably a function of the fact that spending is up a lot in the year-to-date period in the U.S, so I'm just wondering about sort of targeted reinvestment level you can help us? Thanks. 
Mark Hunter: Hi, Wendy, thanks for your questions, two questions. Let me just touch on the savings number and then Mauricio can just clarify in the free cash flow number. With regards to savings we don't offer guidance as to how we will allocate those savings through our business. I don't want to constrain our business with any specific formula. And clearly as we drive the savings they will either drop to the bottom line or be reinvested back into our business or offset for example inflation on our business. We continue to review our Sales and Marketing investment on a geography by geography basis. We now have a return on marketing investment model which is allowing us to drive significant efficiencies in our marketing spend, and we will continue to monitor our level of spend in each of our markets to make sure we can support our brands and a way that allows them to be competitive but were not going to offer specific guidance on allocation of those savings. On the free cash flow number, Mauricio do you want to just clarify? 
Mauricio Restrepo: Yes. Good morning, Wendy. The $1.1 billion is after taking into account the cost required to deliver the synergies. 
Wendy Nicholson: Got it, but just as follow-up to conceptual I know you said in your remarks that you're pleased that the Coors Light brand held scores have improved. To what do you attribute that? I mean again we track the advertising spending and it looks like that's gone up a lot in the US but is there other stuff specifically that you can call out that you're doing weather is distribution, whether it's work with your salesforce that leading to the stronger brand held scores per se? 
Mark Hunter: Yes, we could get lost in lots of detail here, Wendy, and across all of our businesses using Coors Light go from strength to strength and I think what's at the heart of that is the clarity of the positioning of the brand which is distinctive and consistent. So I've said in the past I would rather spend less money on a great idea that more money on a poor idea and actually I think we’ve got clarity on a position in a great creative platform certainly across our international U.S and our European business. We have now started to transfer the U.S creative platform into our Canada business as well and as we've done that we've seen our brand held scores accelerate in Canada to the last couple of quarters though I really think it comes down to the differentiation and consistency of the positioning. 
Wendy Nicholson: Fair enough, thank you. 
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Wendy. 
Operator: The next question is from Vivien Azer with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Vivien Azer: Hi, good morning. 
Mark Hunter: Hey, Vivien. 
Vivien Azer: So firstly on the consolidated cost savings number clearly encouraging you being able to upsize that and pull that forward. Would you be able to offer any incremental color on what gives you that enhanced confidence around the total cost save realization? Thanks. 
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Vivien. Let me deal with that. So if you remember at the time we announced the agreement to acquire Miller's tours business we did some quick reasonably well informed analysis on the cost savings opportunity and we suggested it would be around $200 million over four years. Will have the benefit of very, very detailed planning over the course of the last eight or nine months and that work has unearthed further opportunities and really in the detailed planning that's allowed us to move with more pace and set a target that's materially higher than our initial target. 
Vivien Azer: But just in terms of the three buckets that you guys had previously identified is there anyone bucket that's driving and outsize contribution to that more constructive view? 
Mark Hunter: We haven't given any color on the proportionality of the cost savings, but the three areas that we've flagged historically in terms of procurement, North American supply chain, shared services, we've endorsed those numbers that we had originally and some areas they have improved. And in addition to that we've unlocked some additional synergies in the area of IT systems as we consolidate are IT infrastructure and worker pushing out into areas around commercial as well particularly North American level as we look at efficiency of our accretive platforms there, so. But in the roundness still pretty much the same errors we identified initially and hopefully would expect that because of familiarity with the Business is high. So we went into this with a reasonably good estimate of where we could drive the volume. 
Vivien Azer: Perfect. That's very helpful, thanks. Moving on to Canada, I would have expected a slightly better outcome given the level of investment spending that we saw in two Q4 so I was hoping you could comment a little bit more on that? I think you noted the softness in mainstream so it's really a two-part question, do you think that the indefinite spending is doing what it needs to? And does he think ahead to 2017, what potential impact he think is the legalization of recreational cannabis can have on the beer industry in Canada? Thanks. 
Mark Hunter: I would describe it as a broad-spectrum test on your two question everything I was expecting the second part of that so while I'm chatting Stewart get thinking. Me just a couple of comments on the first part dumps and performance in the quarter. Our strategy remains consistent in Canada around making sure that we modernize our supply train and drive our cost down taking for their cost out of our business and improving our overall commercial performance. You aware of some of the changes we made at the leadership level and as Fred is number two in the customer area, across moved from Europe their focus will be on commercial execution really driving our field sales management and model and really I think the plane more assertive execution in the marketplace. That started to show up in some of our information measures. But Stewart, do you want to offer just a little more color on the third quarter? Things that you're pleased about and then if you could think about the recreational drugs question as well perspective on that would be helpful? 
Stewart Glendinning: Yes guess 100%, Mark. So looking at the third quarter, three big drivers of the results. First FX -- transactional FX related to US sourcing of raw materials, lower volumes and higher marketing spend. And on the volume side as Mark pointed out that we are seeing some reaches. We have been growing share in the provinces the West which is having a difficult area for us in September as we saw progress through the third quarter September actually was flat share in Ontario big beer market for us with a growing share in the LC BOM on present. So the number of tough areas is actually shrinking and I think our increased execution certainly will help that. At the same time the higher levels of marketing spend are yielding positive improvements in our brand scores, and of course we expect that we will be able to translate that into improved volumes so that's I'll pause for a second because there's nothing else before I talk about cannabis? 
Vivien Azer: That's really helpful and thanks for indulging the cannabis question. 
Stewart Glendinning: Cannabis is something that we are thinking very carefully about not only as a business but also as an industry. And there's a lot of talk certainly about what it's going -- how it's going to be used and where it's going to be deployed et cetera, but there's just a lot we don't know at the moment. And so we're not even really 100% on clear where it will be sold, when it will be sold, and in the best place I would suggest to look for guidance on what the impact might be would be probably to look at a state like Colorado and see what that has done to beer. But for the moment, we are studying she goes because of the lack of clarity about the deployment of the drug itself. 
Vivien Azer: Fair enough. Thank you. 
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Stewart. 
Operator: The next question comes from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong: Thank you, good morning. 
Mark Hunter: Good morning Judy. 
Judy Hong: So a few questions, first, Mauricio, the transaction adjusted EPS for 2015 that's now $6.11 versus the $5.72 that you have given us at the September conference, so it went up by $0.39. I think the cash tax went up by $0.12 and I think the book amortization actually went down, so can you just rip them $5.50 to $6.11 what's gone up in that adjustment? 
Mauricio Restrepo: Yes, thank you, Judy so the two items that you mention are correct. What I refer you to the call that we are going to have afterwards led by Dave and you will be able to bridge that. Now the other factor that you are missing there, is the fact that our interest cost went down from that preliminary number of $5.72 that we had given use of the third component that gets you to the EPS, but we will give you a more detailed walk on the comp. 
Dave Dunnewald: Judy, we can give you more details on the call a little bit later but at least the initial headline is that the bridge sorry the pro forma that we put out in May, that you are referring to for the $5.72 transaction adjusted EPS included bridge financing for US GAAP. And then of course the financing we actually put in place for the long-term funding of the transaction actually in a very favorable rates much more favorable than the bridge loan financing, and so that's the driver of lower interest expense. 
Judy Hong: Are the $5.70 is the number you given us in September, correct? I don't think that was the May number. 
Dave Dunnewald: Okay, well, adjustment interest rate, additional refinement of purchase accounting and, right, and the adjustment of cash tax benefits related to the transaction. 
Judy Hong: Okay we can follow up later. And then Mauricio, just on the free-cash flow follow-up. So, can you give us the underlying pro forma free cash flow for either 2015 or 2016? Because I'm just trying to get to the $1.1 billion based on kind of the transaction adjusted EPS numbers that you've given us and it seems to imply very little underlying growth and I'm just trying to see if I'm reading it correctly. 
Mauricio Restrepo: Yes, Judy, look at this point we are just given -- we are going to give you the underlying free cash flow projection for 2017. I would encourage you to a little bit later on we post to the pro forma on our website, you can do your calculations there. Obviously, when you do kind of the back of the envelope math that you can do there, you would think about the free cash flow generation for MillerCoors [ph] and the free cash the generation for Molson Coors [ph] pre the acquisition and you would get to a level of maybe $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion. Now there are obviously some tailwinds that are represented in the form of the $275 million of cash tax benefits but also some headwinds because we have a significant interest expense increase of around $250 million per annum because of the acquisition financing.  There is additional G&A expense from the step up, due to the fair value re-measurement required by purchase accounting of around $17 million, and there's higher income taxes because now we on the other 58% of MillerCoors so we’re paying additional taxes of around $200 or we will be paying additional taxes around $200 million in 2017 versus what we did before. 
Judy Hong: Okay and the three and $59 of cash restructuring charge is all that hitting in 2017? 
Mauricio Restrepo: No, that $350 million number is what we will be spending, that will be a one-time expenditure but it will be spread over the three-year period. 
Judy Hong: Okay. And then maybe, Gavin, just wanted to get your perspective on the volume performance for MillerCoors in the third quarter. Obviously the industry has been a little bit soft, clearly you still have a vision to get to flat volume by 2018 but just seems like that's a pretty challenging order given the recent trend so do you think that you need to really step up investments even more on some of your key brands? Or do you think this is really just a broader industry problem? 
Mark Hunter: Hey Gavin, do you want to speak to that directly? 
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, sure, thanks, Mark and thanks, Judy. Look you are right, three SCR volumes were down across all brand segments and reflective of the industry. Just as far as our expectations for, do you remember the long-term goals? So expectations are still to be flat in 2018 with growth in 2019, and yes we did see soft industry trends and you see that in our STR figure. But we have now for three straight quarters closed our volume gap with the industry. We've got some work to do on the segment, but we really like our portfolio there with the largest craft brand in the country with Blue Moon and Leinenkugel's was in the top five as well, as we made four acquisitions we're pleased about them, we've grown our flavored malt beverage shared meaningfully over the last year or so.  Our premium brands continue to perform well. Miller Lite gained share of the premium line segment for the eighth consecutive quarter, Judy, and Coors Light gain share for the sixth consecutive quarter we’ve reengaged the economy drinker and it's a high priority for us. And we've refinanced our economy strategy at the full distributor meeting, that was well received by our distribution network. Our above premium performance specifically was hindered by some of the performance on Blue Moon and Leinenkugel's, but particular seasonally and variety packs and as an industrywide trend and an issue we are addressing we have execution plans for early next year, but we are pleased with our performance on a brand like Grapefruit Shandy which doubled its volume.  So overall, Judy, it's one quarter and I'm pleased with the performance overall, particularly from a share point of view. 
Judy Hong: Got it. Okay thank you, everyone. 
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Judy. 
Operator: The next question is from Pablo Zuanic, SIG. Please go ahead.
Pablo Zuanic: Good morning, everyone. I want us two questions. The first one bigger picture something that every investor I talked to asks me is what’s the track record of Mark Hunter and why are they the right people to execute here? And of course I asked the question with great respect, right but people look on Felipe having been for 20 years, so what want to understand when we look at MillerCoors of years ago 40 years now Gavin, so if you can answer the question in terms of what your track record, and why should investors be comfortable that this is the right management team to execute this significant plan? And the second question maybe is more for Mauricio, just basically in terms of numbers. I guess there's different ways to judge the guidance that you've given us today. One way I judge it as I look at the cost savings that MillerCoors generate over the last five years on average, about $129 million per annum, $88 million last year, running about $80 million this year, another $99 this year for the third quarter. So you can have $120 million on average over the last five years.  But then I look at the synergy number you're giving us today, $275 million divided by three is $92 million and then I take out from the balance the Molson Coors saving -- is another $52 million of cost savings, so synergies plus cost savings at MillerCoors and I know that the lines get blurred right about $124 million per annum, over the next three years; which is what MillerCoors did over the last five years. So I am not so sure to be -- how to judge that number nice if you can sustain it, but if this is this significant transaction and there's this plethora of opportunities that we talked about in these cost savings, because you are wonderful Company, why would the cost savings, $124 million as per my math total would be similar to what you been doing for the last five years? I guess if you can answer -- well, those of the two questions. Thank you. 
Mark Hunter: Pablo, it is Mark here. Clearly to your first question I'm not going to conduct a performance review over our quarterly earnings call or get into detail as to why our board believes that I am the right leader for this business and why I believe Gavin is the right leader for this business. I will let the track record speak for ourselves, we are both seasoned professionals who have been the beer industry for a long period of time, given significant change across many businesses, integrated businesses like Starbucks [ph] and driven this transaction at a rate on which on a valuation multiple, I think it is utterly compelling for our business so I'll just leave it there, I'm not going to talk in any more detail with you on that. Let me just backup one second you asked for Mauricio. What we have endeavored to do here is get full transparency and is sure that we are not duplicating any of the cost savings in our business and clearly we've now set a target for the next three years. We will update that on an annual basis. There was a lot of questions around synergies number and we have scale that up and picked up pace in the synergies number, and we've ensure that there is no duplication with the synergies they are not underlying cost-saving. And we will continue to test our sales if whether that number can be further improved, as we actually get into fully running the Business. But we feel it's a number we can meet and we will attempt to beat it makes sense as we look out at our business which, if you remember has very, very little geographical overlap we are going to try this by a number of restructuring initiatives, setting up things like shared services globally and we will get at that and we will update you if there is any new news on that number but we feel it's the right number for our business at this point in time. 
Pablo Zuanic: Thank you. And just a very quick follow-up regarding cadence I know you're not willing to talk about savings are accretive to the bottom line, but would you be reasonable to assume given that you have this target of stabilizing volumes by 2018 and growing after that, that a lot of the savings would really invest initially we should be thinking more year three and four seeing the accretion decline if you could comment on that that's all. 
Mark Hunter: Thanks Pablo. Again I haven't given any guidance as to how we apportion cost savings, one of things that did indicate earlier this year was that we have now developed a small global growth group led by Kandy. That team will be looking for incremental opportunities to accelerate our topline performance clearly some of those opportunities will require incremental investment in our business. But we will look at those in the round as we aggregate our total Sales and Marketing spend across our business. I'm more interested in the quality of our marketing and I think there's plenty of examples. There's one of the US market one where people are competitors have been spending very aggressively but let's just say that incremental spend always buy you success.  I'm really focused on the quality and the marketing and the discipline of our execution, and will continue to drive efficiencies across our marketing spend, and if there's a return that makes sense for us as we will put it through the pack model and we will spend incrementally to generate additional return. We want to drive very hard on getting the top line moving in that will be a focus for us over the course of the next 24 to 36 month. I won't get any more specific. 
Operator: Thank you, the next question comes from Mark Swartzberg, Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Mark Swartzberg: Yes, thanks good morning, gentlemen. A couple on the free cash flow and then a couple in the US. On the free cash flow the $1.1 million you mentioned that includes these one-time cash costs. How much of that $350 million is actually in that $1.1 billion? And how much as an expense item and how much as a capital expenditure item? And then are there other one-time items in there? On a per share basis we are at $509 million a free cash flow, you basically tone is the transaction adjusted EPS will be down in calendar 2017 or you are saying there is some pretty significant CapEx, I am just trying to understand what else is going on in that number? 
Mauricio Restrepo: Yes hi, Mark this is a Mauricio. Look we haven't given a specific breakout of the $250 million than to say about half of that would be additional CapEx and half of that would be additional OpEx. Know if you think about the nature of the cost savings are going to deliver including the synergies a lot of the delivery of the synergies will be happening probably towards the latter part of the three-year period which means that actually the investment to deliver those synergies will be weighted towards years one and two. We haven't really given it a specific amount of how much of that will specifically hit 2017. As for the headwinds and tailwinds, the $275 million of cash tax savings obviously that's a tailwind for the next 15 years. The additional interest expense, because of the Company financing, again that something that is going to be there for the foreseeable future, as will the additional DNA expense. Obviously even though that's a non-cash item but something is honestly also going to be there is a generator of those cash tax savings. 
Mark Swartzberg: Okay. I'm still confused only because I'm sitting here with $611 million in your saying this year that number is growing, so call it $6.20, $6.25 represents an transaction adjusted EPS and then the free cash flow view is $5.09 so we are at more than $1 below the transaction adjusted EPS number, which implies again it implies some pretty significant CapEx or something else is going on in transaction adjusted EPS again which is all pro forma for this transaction and doesn't have the international brand so maybe it's a 1:00 o’clock-- so I'm still not I don't know if you have a response to the, yes? 
Gavin Hattersley: Rather than get into the weeds on this call, can I suggest we heard the question and I can give you an answer, so Dave and the team will pick it up this afternoon we will try to give you a bridge to give you the clarity. 
Mark Swartzberg: Okay. Fair enough that would be great. 
Gavin Hattersley: Best way to deal with the question, appreciate the question we will get a response and take you through that and this afternoon's call. 
Mark Swartzberg: Fair enough and just shifting to the U.S, I just a curious, Mark or Gavin, craft has been weak for everybody, so just from a broader industry perspective, why do you think craft has gotten weaker sequentially? And how enduring do you think that is? I know that's hard to have a crystal ball there but what do you think that is? And then, just mechanically for the U.S. business it seems like your distributor inventories are higher than you'd like them to be so is it reasonable to think your own shipments will lag your STRS in the fourth quarter? 
Mark Hunter: So Mark let me split that into two so Gavin, I will pass it across to you on the STRS section in a second, let me offer a couple of headlines around craft. I don't think it's true to say the craft is for weak for everybody, that's a really general statement I think there's a number of craft companies that continue to show very strong growth, and we just acquired a number of them which is a good thing for a business. I think what you are starting to see though in the marketplace is what I describe is probably over supply of flavors and SKUs or beer spirals and SKUs in both retailers and consumers are trying to make sense of the plethora of choice and thus against the backdrop the craft has been good for the beer industry, because it's driven conversations and interest in beer to probably an all-time high, but you get to the point where each SKU has to deliver on a velocity basis and has to actually demonstrate its value to customers and consumers.  As Gavin mentioned earlier things like seasonal packs, which have been a big driver of the craft industry have really started to come under pressure, because consumers are now in essence making up their own seasonal packs by the way that they actually shop the shelf. But I think what you're starting to see is from a retailer perspective; they really simplified offering and Walmart just did that recently as they reset all of their shelf sets, so the more progressive retailers are really trying to focus on those brands that have got long-term distinctive positioning’s, and drive velocity per SKU. Also thing from a consumer perspective, because most of the craft growth has been driven in the back of heavily held IPAs consumers are recognizing; those beers are great but they are not beers you can probably take with you through a long occasion, and we are actually starting to see some consumers step back into some of the American light brands. I think it is just craft starting to kind of shake itself out with the brands that are well positioned, clearly distinctive and alongside that the retailers really starting to simplify their offer, and that's incentive at the moment but that starting to have an impact on overall kind of craft velocity or craft trends. Gavin you want to anything to that. And then pick up the STW STRS puff question? 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, anything I can add to that, pretty much what you said, I mean there's tons of choice and there's not a lot of floor space, velocity retail is important, so that's why our building with beer program which we launched [indiscernible] had such a positive impact with beer buyers at retail, not only on premise but also off premise. As far as the STWs STRS are concerned, Mark, fundamentally that's just a difference in timing. If you remember at the end of Q2, that dynamic was reversed with domestic STW s down and STRS were down less than that. On a year-to-date basis, those two numbers are much closer and generally, we try and align those things much closer by the end of the year as we try to ship to consumption. I wouldn't get too worked up on quarter-over-quarter because of timing on those price increases and so on. 
Mark Swartzberg: That's great. And if I could real quick and that's very helpful, July 4, Anheuser-Busch [ph] have called out the timing of July 4 as affecting the industry? Do you think the timing of July hurt the industry in the third quarter? 
Mark Hunter: Yes, it did, yes. I would agree with that statement. 
Mark Swartzberg: Great. All right, thanks, Mark. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Bryan Spillane: Good morning, everybody. I'm going to hold off on the free cash flow question until 1:00 o'clock. Dave, this could be one of the most anticipated 1:00 o'clock calls in a while, I think. So my question is just related to the cost savings and if you could give us some outside of the synergies, if you could give us an sense of like what's included and what's not? You've got the process you're going through in Vancouver in terms of selling the brewery and you'll migrate to a new brewery there. I guess there is a potential the same thing could happen in Montreal. Is Eden, North Carolina brewery in that inside the savings number? Just any sense of some of those bigger items that may be in there would be helpful?
Mark Hunter: Mauricio do you want to? 
Mauricio Restrepo: Yes. Hi, Brian. So with respect to the cost savings -- I mean some of the items that you allude to, that you alluded to during your questions are indeed in there. So for example, the savings that will come from the Eden Brewery closure are included in there. The work that we are continuously doing in terms of looking at our procurement in addition to the savings related to procurement that are in the synergy number and as Mark referenced to earlier, we made a concerted effort to ensure that we've separated what is sort of business as usual savings which as you know a way of doing business here from the piece that's going to come specifically from the synergies. There are also other savings that are coming from looking at our supply chain network that are not included in the synergy piece of the optimization of the North America supply chain grid. So just a lot of savings that are coming from our business as usual run-of-the-mill, running the business vis-à-vis the synergies that have specifically to do with those three buckets that we alluded to earlier.
Mark Hunter: Brian, this is Mark. The other context point I will give you is over the course of the last three or four years, at an enterprise level we've tried to drive forward what we've described as a one way principles. So across our major functional areas to try and drive for consistency of approach and whether that's world-class supply chain, HR one way, and we're now introducing that from a commercial perspective in terms of our commercial excellence approach, really trying to drive for best practice orientation and consistency of approach wherever we can in the business and that's been one of the drivers for unlocking additional efficiency savings through our business. I think a big part has been in our world-class supply chain where we truly believe that we are world-class or close to world-class in many areas. So we will continue to crack the handle on that and drive as much value and efficiency as we can out of those areas while overlooking the synergy opportunity as well.
Bryan Spillane: All right, thanks, gentlemen. We'll catch up at 1:00 o'clock. 
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Brian. Nice to have you back. 
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Gavin, we understand certainly the goals on the improvement in the volumes and trajectory for 2018-2019. If that doesn't pan out and if we have a continuation of the current trends -- what sort of opportunities would there be do you think in terms of managing the brewery footprint to address that?
Gavin Hattersley: Mark, do you mind if I take the question direct? 
Mark Hunter: No, just on you go Gavin and I will give you some…
Gavin Hattersley: I was talking to Robert, I'm not planning to fail, right. I think we've got the right plans, the right strategies, the right brands and the right people to get this done. And I wouldn't look at this on a simple quarter basis this is a longer term plan, the industry had a tough quarter, it's surely but our expectations are still flat in 2018 with growth in 2019, and I can run you through all the high-level plans that we've got on our brands but I'm -- we as a business are certainly focused on that goal and believe we will achieve it.
Mark Hunter: And Robert, Miller color there is, as an enterprise level we're committed to supporting putting Gavin and the team to make that happen. There has been lots of questions over the course of the last 12 to 18 months on how will we get there and we've tried to release simplified thinking into three specific areas; our economy, our below premium strategy, and many of you have asked about clarity on our thinking there, that's now been clarified and launched and generated a lot of excitement with their distributors. Many of you have asked about our ability to get Coors Light and Miller Lite growing at the same time and we are now doing that consistently and alongside them Coors Banquet is going from strength to strength. And we continue to drive the premiumization of our portfolio on the craft acquisitions and Henry's are great examples. Don't forget that Red's which is now such a significant brand didn't even exist just over three years ago. And my view is that we still have untapped opportunities in our own portfolio as well. So all of the component parts are there, a lot of it is down to how worthless we want to be from an execution perspective. But Gavin and the leadership team have driven a significant change in the ambition and energy and focus in our U.S. business and it's been great to see that happening and some quarters will be tougher than others but we are absolutely resolute on our ambition to get this business back into growth trajectory and as Gavin said, that's over the course of the next couple of years.
Rob Ottenstein: That's terrific. On the international side, can you give us -- and I know some of this may have come out earlier on in the prelude but can you give us an update of where you are on the Miller brands globally and had there been any new agreements in terms of supply and distribution?
Mark Hunter: Yes. So let me ask you Kandy [ph], who is obviously transitioning at the moment from his previous role across the Stuart but Kandy's been leading that stream of work. So Kandy do you want to just offer some highlights around that at this stage?
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure. Hi, Robert. So we've got progress in terms of planning and executing a transition of the Miller brands into our systems because it was relatively easier in places like Canada and the UK which came on to our business footprint. We have the cities or markets where we've had existing partners; Panama, Honduras, as an example where we moved the distribution on to our existing partners in the markets which were new to us. We have established with one or two exceptions, almost all of them new distribution agreements that are in place. In terms of production, we are aligned either on our infrastructure like MillerCoors and in certain cases, we are continuing to rely on transitional service agreements by ABI; and we will be working to transition those into our own system as well. But overall, I'm very pleased and Stewart, Simon, Fred are all involved this in terms of transitioning over into our set up, our initial two to three weeks has gone without any significant issues, and so we are quite pleased with the transition.
Rob Ottenstein: Are you able to discuss who any of the -- in the more notable markets, are you able to discuss who any of the new Partners are?
Mark Hunter: We haven't made any kind of public statements around that other than in markets like Panama, we have an existing partner there and we've transitioned across but I think I would probably save that maybe until our Q4 February call. Robert can give a filler update just because we are working through some of the finer detail at this point in time but where there is not a partner in place, there are TSA's, transitional service agreements in place and as I mentioned earlier, I mean some of the markets are doing better than we anticipated, some of the markets are going to take a bit more work to get back on the front so as you would expect in a transition of this nature but we'll get probably more color and a fuller update on our February call.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Well thank you very much.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Hunter for any closing remarks. 
Mark Hunter: I just like to thank everybody for their continued interest at Molson Coors. We've opened a new chapter in the history of our business and as a leadership team, we are delighted to be leading the business forward from this position. And we look forward to updating you as we make our business bigger and stronger in the coming quarters ahead. So thank you for your continued interest in our business. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: And thank you, Mr. Hunter. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect. Take care.
Mark Hunter: Thank you.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-02 04:30:00) =====
Executives: Mark Hunter – President and Chief Executive Officer Mauricio Restrepo – Global Chief Financial Officer Stewart Glendinning – Chief Executive Officer-Canada Simon Cox – European-Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs Vivien Azer – Cowen Mark Swartzberg – Stifel, Nicolaus Rob Ottenstein – Evercore Brett Cooper – Consumer Edge Research Bryan Spillane – Bank of America
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company’s Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today. So please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by company’s executives in discussing the company’s performance, please visit the company’s website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the financial reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period in U.S. dollars. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Mark Hunter: Thank you, Nicole. And hello and welcome everybody to the Molson Coors earnings call. Apologies for that slight delay due to a technical issue. Many thanks for joining us today. With me on the call this morning from Molson Coors, we have: Mauricio Restrepo, our Global CFO; Gavin Hattersley, CEO of MillerCoors; Stewart Glendinning, CEO of Canada; Simon Cox, our European CEO; Kandy Anand, our International CEO; Lee Reichert, our Deputy General Counsel; Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, the VP of Investor Relations. For our earnings call today, Mauricio and I will take you through highlights of our second quarter 2016 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective on the second half of 2016. In the second quarter, we continued to focus on our First Choice ambition and on building a stronger, broader and more premium brand portfolio, underpinned by incremental sales and marketing investment, as we discussed on our first quarter earnings call. Progress in the second quarter included; net sales revenue per hectoliter growth on a constant currency basis in all of our businesses, strong Coors Light growth globally, improved core brand momentum, fast-growing innovations in key markets, and strong above premium growth globally. We significantly increased investments behind our brands, although the timing of shipments and other short-term factors held back bottom-line performance in the quarter. In brands, Coors Light grew volume more than 4% globally, including strong double-digit growth in Europe and Latin America and low-single-digit growth in the U.S., its best performance here in nearly three years. In above premium, our craft portfolio drove growth from Doom Bar and other Sharp’s brands in the UK; from Creemore Springs and Belgian Moon in Canada; and from Leinenkugel’s Grapefruit Shandy and newly acquired Saint Archer in the U.S. Staropramen grew strongly across Europe outside of its home market, and in ciders, we grew volume with Rekorderlig in Europe and Strongbow in Canada. In Flavored Malt Beverages, we now have the largest hard soda franchise in the U.S. with the successful introduction of the Henry’s Hard Soda brands earlier this year. We continued to strengthen our business through improvements to our sales execution and revenue management capabilities, increased efficiency of our operations, and implementation of common global systems. To ensure that our supply chain is fit for the future, in the second quarter, we reached an agreement to purchase land in British Columbia on which we’ll build a new efficient and flexible brewery over the next few years. This new brewery site is attractively priced, has rail access, and is situated on the Trans-Canada Highway, making it ideal for serving the Western Canada and U.S. markets. And we anticipate completing the land purchase this month. In the past few months, we’ve also made substantial progress on the pending MillerCoors transaction, including in integration planning and completing the necessary financing at very attractive rates. Investor demand for our recent debt offering was very strong, and we achieved record and near-record low interest rates on our debt issue. We’re pleased with the transaction progress made to-date, and we continue to plan for a closing before the end of 2016. More specifically, October the 10, based on the joint ABI/SAB recent announcements. We’re very excited to be much closer to completing this game-changing transaction, which will enable simplified decision-making and will reduce the complexities of dual ownership; it will help us to become a more integrated and efficient brewer; and it will enable us to become a more effective competitor as a single owner, promoting consumer choice in an increasingly diverse and fast-growing brewing industry. As part of integration planning process, last week, I announced some leadership appointments that will strengthen our combined organization and that will take effect upon the close of the transaction. Our transaction and its timing remain dependent clearly on the completion of the ABI and SABMiller transaction. The regional highlights for the second quarter are as follows. In the U.S. while overall sales-to-retail volume decreased 1.7%, driven primarily by our below premium brands, Coors Light STRs were up low-single digits in the quarter, which was its best quarterly performance since the fourth quarter of 2012. Domestic net revenue per hectoliter grew 0.7% for the quarter as a result of favorable net pricing and positive sales mix. Our largest brand gained share of the Premium Light segment for the fifth consecutive quarter. And please note that all our performance discussions relating to Coors Light exclude the Citrus Radler extension that was discontinued last year. With flat STRs, Miller Lite gained share of the Premium Light segment for the seventh consecutive quarter. Improved momentum for these two brands was driven by continued rollout of their new visual identities and consumer communications, which appeal to a broad section of men and women, millennials and multicultural consumers. Additionally, Coors Banquet is now in its tenth consecutive year of growth. In the higher-margin above premium segment, Henry’s was the number one Hard Soda franchise in the second quarter on the strength of Henry’s Hard Orange and Ginger Ale. In craft, Leinenkugel’s Grapefruit Shandy and the newly acquired Saint Archer brands continued to drive volume, although Blue Moon Belgian White declined low-single digits. As an important indication of the traction we’re gaining in the U.S., for the first time in the history of the joint venture, in 2016 MillerCoors finished number one in the Tamarron Supplier Survey, which polls hundreds of U.S. distributors in rating the performance of beer, wine and spirits suppliers. This is a key accomplishment in our First Choice ambition for our customers and is an example of the types of efforts we are driving globally to ensure we are focusing on these important customer relationships. On the bottom line, MillerCoors’ second quarter underlying net income declined 3.8% to $468.8 million, driven primarily by the timing of shipments due to calendar shifts, which were partially offset by lower cost of goods sold, higher net pricing and positive sales mix. Meanwhile, Molson Coors’ second quarter underlying equity income in the U.S. segment increased 1.4% due to an $11.1 million anticipated refund of federal excise tax paid on imports. This tax refund is based on qualifying volumes exported from the U.S. by Coors Brewing Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Molson Coors, and was driven by new legislation enacted this year in the U.S. First half underlying equity earnings in the U.S. segment, which was not as significantly affected by the timing of beer shipments, increased 9.4%. In Canada, STRs declined 0.1%, and our sales volume declined 0.8% in the second quarter. Weak economic conditions in Western Canada were largely offset by favorable timing of the Canada Day holiday this year. Net sales per hectoliter in local currency increased 1.2% in the quarter, despite competitive pressures in the East and a pronounced consumer shift to value brands in Alberta. In core brands, although Coors Light volumes declined, our new packaging, advertising and in-pack sales promotions are driving improved consumer purchase intent and brand health scores. Molson Canadian volume suffered from a significant shift towards the value segment in Alberta. In above premium and craft, we continued to see strong performance, as Coors Banquet, Belgian Moon, Mad Jack, Heineken, Dos Equis, Sol, and Strongbow Cider all grew volume and share in the quarter, along with our Creemore Springs craft brands’. In headline financial results for the quarter, Canada underlying pre-tax income decreased 19.7% in constant currency, primarily due to a significant increase in sales and marketing investment, as we discussed on our last earnings call. Looking at the first half on the same basis, underlying pre-tax income decreased 10.1%, also driven primarily by increased brand investments. Our Europe business achieved 1.6% volume growth and increased market share across the region, driven by growth in seven of our 11 lead core and premium brands. Net sales revenue per hectoliter increased 1.3% in local currency, driven entirely by brand and geographic mix. In core brands, Carling, Bergenbier and Ozujsko all grew share of segment in their primary markets. In our above premium portfolio increased momentum, with strong double-digit growth by Coors Light and our craft portfolio; including Blue Moon, Doom Bar and the other Sharp’s brands. Finally, the inclusion of Rekorderlig cider since the middle of 2015 and the full repatriation of the Staropramen brand in the UK this year added to the solid progress we made in premiumizing our Europe portfolio. Consistent with the first quarter, underlying pre-tax income was lower in the quarter due to higher brand investments and amortization expenses, lower net pension benefit and the termination of the Heineken contract brewing arrangements in the UK, along with unfavorable foreign currency movements this quarter. Our International business grew Coors Light at a strong double-digit rate in the second quarter, driven by Latin America, including our brand launch in Colombia late last year. Overall volume including royalty volume declined 9.3%, driven by the enactment of alcohol prohibition in Bihar, in India; the transfer of Staropramen in the UK to our Europe segment; and the volume impact of our substantial China restructure. Underlying pre-tax performance improved in the second quarter. And drivers included volume growth in Latin America and Japan, favorable sales mix, as well as lower price promotion and overhead expenses related to the restructure of our China business last year, including cycling $3.6 million of price promotion expense a year-ago. Now, I’ll turn it over to Mauricio to give second quarter financial highlights and perspective on the balance of 2016. Mauricio?
Mauricio Restrepo: Thank you, Mark, and hello everybody. As a reminder, all of the results that I will be discussing are in U.S. dollars, unless I note otherwise. Our second quarter financial headlines are as follows. Net sales were down approximately 2% in U.S. dollars due to currency movements. On a constant-currency basis, net sales increased 1.9%, driven by Europe, Canada and International. Our net sales per hectoliter increased 2.4% in constant currency, due to positive mix. On a U.S. GAAP basis, we reported pre-tax income of $196.9 million, 32.1% lower than a year ago, while after-tax income from continuing operations attributable to Molson Coors was $174.1 million, down 24.1% from the prior-year result. These decreases were primarily due to non-cash special charges and other non-core expenses related to our pending acquisition, the alcohol prohibition in Bihar, and planned brewery closures, along with higher MG&A expenses. Underlying pre-tax income in constant currency decreased 6.9% in the quarter and 8.6% on a reported basis, partly due to year-over-year differences in the timing of brand investments and other expenses, as well as lower worldwide volume. First half results eliminate some of these quarterly timing differences and reflected 3.4% growth in constant currency underlying pre-tax income and 2% growth on a reported basis in U.S. dollars. Second quarter underlying after-tax income decreased 9.2% to $239.5 million, or $1.11 per diluted share, driven by lower worldwide volume, higher brand investments in all of our businesses, and negative foreign currency movements, which were partially offset by positive mix, lower underlying net interest expense and higher underlying U.S. equity income. Underlying EBITDA in the quarter was $428.7 million, that is 5.8% lower than a year ago, while our first half underlying EBITDA grew 1.2%. Underlying free cash flow in the first half of 2016 was $158.9 million. This represents a decrease of $82.2 million from the prior-year, primarily driven by lower underlying after-tax income, negative foreign currency, and less benefit from working capital changes, excluding special and other non-core items, including higher cash paid for taxes. In early July, we completed a $7 billion long-term debt offering with a weighted-average coupon of 2.9%, including the lowest 30-year BBB-minus coupon ever issued in U.S. dollars, as well as 1.25% coupon for our eight-year euro debt issue. As a result of these attractive rates, we anticipate that our annualized interest cost on the transaction financing will be approximately $260 million at current interest and foreign exchange rates. This annual interest expense is nearly $200 million lower than the assumed bridge-loan and other transaction-related interest expense included in the 2015 pro forma financial results that we filed in May. With the debt offering, we achieved broad, high-quality investor participation and attractive pricing. More than 400 institutional investors participated in the offering. Combining this debt issue with our $2.6 billion equity offering in February and up to $3 billion of a previously arranged term loan, we now have in place all the financing needed for the pending MillerCoors transaction. Total debt at the end of the second quarter was $3 billion, which does not include the $7 billion of long-term debt we issued in July. Cash and cash equivalents totaled slightly less than $3 billion, resulting in net debt of $37 million, which is significantly lower than prior-year due to the cash proceeds received from our equity offering earlier in the year. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the quarter. Now looking forward to the remainder of 2016, following are some factors to consider for the last two quarters of this year: Incremental Europe brand amortization expense, with an annualized impact of approximately $15 million, which began in the fourth quarter of 2015, along with lower net pension benefit in Europe this year. A total prohibition on the sale of alcohol, unexpectedly implemented by the state government in Bihar, in early April. We don’t know how long this ban will be in place, and we expect this development to present a headwind for our International business for the foreseeable future or until it is overturned. And, finally, foreign currency translation, which at current exchange rates would be headwind of about $13 million to our underlying pre-tax results in the second half this year, with most of the impact in Europe. Given the recent volatility of our key foreign currencies, particularly the British pound, it is important to watch these rates closely. Regarding 2016 guidance, all of the following metrics exclude any effects of the MillerCoors and Miller global brands transaction, the timing of which will have a big impact on virtually all of our guidance measures. For the full-year, we continue to expect, cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans to be in the range of $45 million to $65 million in 2016, and pension expense of approximately $17 million, including our 42% of MillerCoors contributions and expense. MG&A expense in Corporate of approximately $120 million on an underlying basis, which excludes expenses related to our pending transaction. Consolidated net interest expense of approximately $110 million on an underlying basis, which excludes transaction-related interest expense and income. An underlying effective tax rate in the range of 18% to 22%, assuming no further changes in tax laws, settlement of tax audits, or adjustments to our uncertain tax positions. In updated guidance, we now expect underlying capital spending of approximately $220 million, which excludes capital this year related to the construction of our new brewery in British Columbia. As far as our cost outlook is concerned, we continue to expect the cost of goods sold per hectoliter in Canada and Europe in local currency to increase at a low-single-digit rate for the full-year 2016. We now expect 2016 MillerCoors COGS per hectoliter to decrease at a low-single-digit rate versus prior-year. Further cost reductions, including acceleration of some of our cost savings initiatives, and changes in sales mix drove the change from previous guidance of approximately in line. We now expect our International COGS per hectoliter to increase at a double-digit rate for 2016. This is up from a high-single digit increase previously, due to geographic mix changes. We continue to expect annual cost savings for this year and next year to be in the range of $50 million to $70 million. This view excludes cost savings from MillerCoors, as well as synergies resulting from the pending MillerCoors acquisition, which we expect to be $200 million by year four following the transaction close. Finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the third quarter. In the U.S., for the three weeks through July 23, STRs decreased at a mid-single digit rate, partially due to the timing of the load-in for the July 4 holiday, while they decreased at a high-single digit rate in Canada for the same period. In Europe, volume through July 25 decreased high-single digits. And our International sales volume, including royalty volume, through July 23 decreased at a low-single-digit rate, primarily due to the alcohol prohibition in Bihar. As ever, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter, and trends could change in the weeks ahead. Also, as a reminder, following the close of the pending MillerCoors transaction, we plan to discontinue providing these early-next-quarter volume trends. At this point, I’ll turn it back over to Mark for outlook, wrap up and the Q&A. Mark?
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Mauricio. In the second half of this year, we will continue to drive our First Choice for consumer and customer agenda in the geographies and segments where we choose to play, ensuring we build a broader, stronger and more premium portfolio, while driving best-in-class customer service and partnerships. In the U.S., MillerCoors remains laser-focused on its strategy to drive total volume growth by 2019. For the first time in many years, our largest business is in line with its volume expectations through the first six months. The quarter also provided additional steps toward its growth ambition, with strengthened marketing behind flagship brands Coors Light and Miller Lite, and we’re starting to see the positive impact. Also, we continue to see success in the innovation space. In above premium, we remain bullish on the potential of Henry’s, as the hard soda category continues to grow. In the second quarter, Henry’s became the number-one hard soda franchise, and MillerCoors plans to roll out Henry’s Hard Cherry Cola this month. In the craft segment, MillerCoors will continue to invest behind ad support for Blue Moon and Leinenkugel’s during the balance of the peak beer selling season. MillerCoors also recently announced that it has agreed to purchase a majority interest in Oregon-based Hop Valley Brewing Company and to increase its ownership of the Georgia-based Terrapin Beer Company from a minority stake to a majority interest. These are highly regarded brewers both in their regions and nationwide, and they further strengthen our leading U.S. craft portfolio, which also includes Blue Moon, Leinenkugel’s, and Saint Archer. Additionally, next month at its fall meeting with distributors, the U.S. team will share plans to improve the performance of its below premium portfolio. And the team continues to expand its Building with Beer retail strategy beyond the on-premise to additional channels to build First Choice customer partnerships. With changes pending in the MillerCoors ownership structure, the mood is not one of apprehension, but of excitement. In the meantime, everyone at MillerCoors remains disciplined, decisive and accountable for growing our business, transforming our portfolio, and driving shareholder value. In Canada, we are investing behind new product-quality-focused advertising and improved sales execution via our Field Sales Management program. These efforts are aimed not only at improving our premium performance, but also continuing to accelerate our growing above premium portfolio. We will continue our push in the hard soda space with Mad Jack Root Beer and Ginger Ale, the first major hard soda entries in Canada. Additionally, we signed a partnership agreement in May with Brasseur de Montreal to leverage its craft and specialty beers in Quebec and across our strong Canada distribution network. Following the close of the pending MillerCoors transaction, we’re also looking forward to bringing the Miller brands back into our Canada portfolio. In Europe, we achieved top-line and market-share growth in the second quarter on the strength of our core and above premium brands, along with the addition of the Rekorderlig cider and Staropramen brands in the UK. Increased brand amortization expense will continue to present a headwind for one more quarter, and we’ll continue to invest in our core brand portfolio across Europe to continue to grow share of segment. This will include leveraging our English Premier League sponsorship well beyond Carling in the UK to many high-potential brand and market opportunities. We will also continue to premiumize our portfolio, with Coors Light, the Sharp’s portfolio led by Doom Bar, Cobra, Rekorderlig and Staropramen in the UK, as well as Ireland’s leading craft brand, Franciscan Well. Our International business is focused on continuing to accelerate our overall growth in existing and select new markets, while attaining profitability in 2016 on a constant-currency basis versus our original 2013 commitment, now excluding the impact of the Bihar alcohol prohibition. Upon closing of the MillerCoors transaction, we will integrate the Miller international brands into our portfolio and leverage a footprint that complements our growth strategy and allows us to gain entrance into high-priority markets, while increasing our business scale in current markets. We’ll also continue to drive rapid growth for Coors Light in Latin America. Going forward, the Coors, Miller and Staropramen brands will be the priorities for our International brand portfolio. And in India, we’ll continue to add scale through our Mount Shivalik business. To wrap up, in the second half of 2016, we will continue to focus on our First Choice for consumer and customer ambition, all driven through our Profit After Capital Charge lens and with the intent to drive total shareholder returns. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. As usual, our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, 1 P.M. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via web cast on our website. Additionally, we hope to see many of you at the Barclays Consumer Staples Conference in Boston on September 7. So, at that point, Nicole, we’d like to open it up for questions, please. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Judy Hong: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Mark Hunter: Hey, Judy.
Mauricio Restrepo: Hi, Judy.
Judy Hong: So first, it seems like your volume trends have worsened in July for all of your regions. I’m understanding that this is really your short-term trend, but can you provide any color just in terms of how much is this maybe worsening macro versus timing versus any other drivers of that softness?
Mark Hunter: Hey, Judy. It’s Mark. Let me take that. I mean, as we’ve intimated, we’re going to discontinue post the acquisition of these short-term trends because my idea is that they are not helpful and there’s so much volatility around trading days, the timing of holidays, some of the promotional activity in the market. So, it’s very, very difficult to take a read on it. So, it’s very early in the quarter. I think if you look at our longer term volume trends, that’s a much better indication as to the health of our business, and I really won’t read too much in for the short-term numbers.
Judy Hong: Okay. That’s fair. And then the second quarter, obviously we’ve seen your brand investments step up, and you certainly called out that this would happen in the quarter. But, just wanted to get a sense of some of the payback that you’re seeing as you step up these investments and the likelihood that you continue to see these investments going forward. And then if I drill down into Canada, it seems like certainly the STR got better in the second quarter, but margins did get negatively impacted. So, sort of the trade-off that you’re seeing in that particular region in terms of share versus profitability.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Well, couple of questions in there, Judy. So, I’ll pass over to Stewart shortly to pick up on the Canada-specific question. I think your broader point on investment is a good question. I mean, we are driving a First Choice for consumer and customer agenda. Central to that is the quality, the breadth and depth of our brand portfolio and our ability to premiumize our portfolio, while building a customer relationship. So, we made good on the commitment to step up our investment through the second quarter. I think if you look at our NSR per hectoliter, we saw NSR per hec growth in all of our regions. I’m encouraged by the sequential improvement in our share trends in all of our regions as well from Q1 into Q2. But clearly, brand building is a long-term game, and my objective and the executive’s objective here is to continue to invest in a sustained way. Clearly, the focus is always on the quality of our investments. You’ve heard me say in the past, I’d rather spend less dollars in a great idea than more dollars in a bad idea, but our job is to develop great ideas and then invest in a sustained way, and that’s what we’re doing, and I expect to see us continue to do that through the third quarter as well. As I say, the sequential improvement that you’ve seen from Q1 to Q2, I think, is a testament to the focus and outlook right across our business. Stewart, do you want to pick up on the Canada-specific question? Do we have Stewart? Stewart, are you on mute or have we lost you? If we’ve lost you, you won’t be able to answer that question. It sounds like we’ve lost Stewart for a second. So, Judy, we’ll get him back in, and then I’ll fill him back on to answer your specific question. If you can just bear with us. Apologies for that. We seem to have a couple of technical hitches this morning.
Judy Hong: Got it. Okay. That’s fine. Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Judy. Hey, Stewart?
Stewart Glendinning: Mark.
Mark Hunter: You’re back on.
Stewart Glendinning: Am I back on now? Okay. Well, hold on.
Mark Hunter: Yeah.
Stewart Glendinning: Kind of redial me in. So, cancel that thought. Okay. So just – if I can just answer that question. Sorry, I was talking and nobody could hear me. But obviously, two pieces to margin, Judy. The NSR which we were quite pleased with, I mean, was broadly in line with underlying trend in Q1, really was driven by the COGS. And if you looked at what happened in cost of goods sold in the second half, we broadly offset our inflation with cost savings, and the increase you see there was the increase in some of our marketing investments for impact promotions which go in case. So that was investment behind the brands. You saw some impact from transactional effects and volume deleverage. But, I would look at the first half and say, if you looked at the first half, actually, we had an improvement in COGS of about 0.7%. So, hopefully that helps.
Judy Hong: Got it. Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thank you, Stewart.
Judy Hong: Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Stewart. Thanks, Judy. Nicole, back to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer from Cowen. Your line is open.
Vivien Azer: Hi. Good morning.
Mark Hunter: Hi, Vivien.
Mauricio Restrepo: Hi, Vivien.
Vivien Azer: I was hoping to touch on the European segment please. While the positive net revenue per hectoliter is certainly encouraging, given what we’ve seen over the course of 2015 per your comments, rate itself was negative. So, could you just offer a little bit more color on the pricing environment in Europe and whether there is any reason for optimism that the pricing outside of positive product or geographic mix could start to materialize? Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Vivien. I’m going to be hopeful here and suggest that Simon might be on the call. Simon, are you with us?
Simon Cox: I’m speaking now. Hope you can hear me?
Mark Hunter: Yeah, we can. Thanks, Simon.
Simon Cox: Okay. Great. Yeah, okay. So, yes. I got the question. Thank you, Vivien. I mean, overall, we would characterize the European quarter as pretty solid and that sales revenue were up at 3%. What we’re trying to do obviously is make sure that we’ve got an appropriate balance between price and volume, or net NSR per hectoliter and volume, which, again, I think we achieved in the quarter. Volumes were up 1.6% and NSR per hectoliter at 1.3%. So, I think that’s a reasonably good balance. It is true that the NSR hectoliter is driven by mix with price under pressure. But that goes back to our premiumization strategy. We’ve been trying to make sure that we invest behind the premium brands to drive the right – both portfolio and geographic mix. So, whilst pricing is under pressure across many of the markets, I think we’re doing a pretty solid job in recognizing that and driving volumes and shares and mix to get to an overall positive revenue growth. So, we’ll be quite satisfied with it, recognizing that pricing remains competitive.
Vivien Azer: Thank you. That’s helpful. And just if I could follow-up on that.
Mark Hunter: Yes.
Vivien Azer: Thank you. In terms of the share gains that you’re generating, those are in volume terms. But, do you have a sense of how your dollar share is trending? I’m just curious whether this pricing pressure is true across the categories, or whether your pricing is under a little bit more pressure on an apples-to-apples basis.
Simon Cox: We don’t believe that our pricing is under excessive pressure. Obviously, we’ve got 11 markets that we have to cover, so it’s very, very difficult to give you a sort of generic answer. But, we believe that our pricing and our volume is sort of in sensible collaboration. We took about 0.3% share across the region, and I don’t think we sacrificed price in an uncontrolled way to do that. So, I keep coming back to you, Vivien. It’s important for us that we manage premiumization and mix, overall volume and share and overall pricing. And I think as long as we’re getting overall net sales revenue growth like we have to – like we did do in the quarter end of 3%, we would be happy with that and think that’s pretty solid.
Vivien Azer: Absolutely. Thank you very much.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Vivien. Nicole?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg from Stifel, Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Mark Swartzberg: Yes. Thanks and good morning, everyone. One on Canada, Mark or Stewart, and another one on the global potential of some brands besides Coors Light. But on Canada, I think the takeaway here is that the spend increase is working. The share trends are improving. When you lift the hood, what gives you confidence, if you have it, that the upgrade in trend is sticky, so to speak. What are you seeing with brands and channels that makes you think that there won’t be an issue three months from now? Of course, the category is competitive, but trying to get a little better understanding of how much confidence we can have it will hold. And to the extent you can factor in July, appreciating that it’s just one month of data, that would be helpful too. So, that’s my question on Canada.
Mark Hunter: Mark, do you want to come back for the global question? And so, I’ve asked Stewart to take that – to respond to that. Then if you come back on the global brand piece. So, Stewart, do you want...
Mark Swartzberg: Oh, sure. Sure enough.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. Sure, Mark. Yeah. Look. You probably did, just talking about our First Choice agenda just briefly and just saying that against the three platforms, we’ve been driving – lowering our cost base, overhauling our supply chain network and improving the frontend. All three of those actually are looking good. On the first two, we continue to see cost savings in the quarter, and that allowed us to drive some of that brand investment that we put behind commercial. And the money that we put behind commercial really went to three places. It went to invest behind our growing above premium portfolio, which has continued to grow share of beer. So, I think actually that’s very sticky. Those brands have continued to grow and Coors Banquet turned in a better than 20% growth again this quarter. I think the second piece is we put money behind our big brands relative to in-case promotions. And I think last year, we had some concerns that we weren’t competitive. I think this year, we were well-balanced, and I think that was a positive. And then on the third investment, we pushed investment behind our share of voice. We were under indexing. And together with really effective advertising copy, we’ve seen that now continue to grow our brand scores. So, growing brand scores is a great tell-tale sign that you’re spending money in the right place. So, that’s how I’d describe the brand expense for Q2.
Mark Swartzberg: That’s great. Well, congratulations. I’ll get back in the queue.
Stewart Glendinning: Cheers.
Mark Hunter: Mark, do you want to pick up your global question?
Mark Swartzberg: Oh, okay. I thought you were saying – that would be great. Yes. Thank you for that. Coors Light, I mean, plus 4% is a great number, and I think there’s reasons to believe you can accelerate from there. So that in itself is something to draw attention to. But, you mentioned Staropramen. You mentioned Miller. Could you give us a sense of where you think you are in the evolution specifically of Staropramen, how much potential you see here for the brand, in the U.S.? But more broadly, we see how it’s helping you in Europe. Just trying to get a sense of how much it can start to deliver on the kind of performance we’re seeing from Coors Light.
Mark Hunter: Yeah. So, if you look at the shape of our existing International portfolio, the two backbone brands are principally Coors Light and Staropramen. And clearly, Blue Moon is now in many, many markets globally, growing rapidly from a small base. If you look at Staropramen specifically, post the StarBev acquisition, we increased investment in the brand really across Greater Europe, so outside of the Czech market, and we’re seeing double-digit growth in many of those markets. My personal perspective is on a Greater Europe basis, there’s still a lot of runway ahead of us. And one of the changes I announced just in the last couple of weeks, Mark, is that we’ll now look at our European business, including our export and license markets, and one of the benefits from that is we have a more holistic Europe approach across all markets on Staropramen. I think outside of Europe, that’s part of our thinking and our emerging planning ahead of integration. As Staropramen is currently in Canada, we’re just going to – testing and incubating the brand there. The U.S. market was slightly more complex because of the distributor relationship or the importer relationship that we inherited when we acquired the StarBev business. We’re working our way through that and there’s a broader conversation with Gavin and the team really looking at where we want to place our bets on our own portfolio going forward, recognizing that we’re kind of – we have an embarrassment of Regis with Pilsner Urquell and Peroni and [indiscernible] Staropramen potentially in the future. So, that’s work that we’re currently thinking our way through just now. But in terms of the heartland for Staropramen which is, let’s call it, Greater Europe, very, very solid progress and Ukraine which is a really difficult market, we continue to take share there. So, I feel very good about the possibilities ahead for Staropramen as part of our kind of three-pronged International portfolio including addition of the Miller brand.
Mark Swartzberg: Fair enough. All right. Thank you, Mark.
Mark Hunter: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein from Evercore. Your line is open.
Rob Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. A couple of questions, first, pretty significant lowering in your CapEx guidance, I wonder if you could give us some color around that please?
Mark Hunter: Okay. Is that one of two questions, Robert?
Rob Ottenstein: Yes. I was going to hold back on the second.
Mark Hunter: Okay. So, Mauricio?
Mauricio Restrepo: Yes. Hi, Robert. How are you? So, the guidance we had previously given was CapEx of $300 million. We revised that down now to $220 million. The original guidance included the new plant in Vancouver and under the new guidance, we’ve excluded that plant. So, the delta there will be $80 million, includes that plant plus some savings that we have on our annual CapEx plan.
Rob Ottenstein: Okay. And then what was the reason for excluding it now?
Mauricio Restrepo: Just to give you greater transparency in terms of what the CapEx would be excluding that, because it’s obviously a very large CapEx project and we didn’t want that number to be just offering all of the number, plus the proceeds of Vancouver are not in the free cash flow number.
Mark Hunter: Hey, Robert.
Rob Ottenstein: Okay. So, it’s still going on. This is just basically a change in how you’re describing what you’re doing. There’s no change in terms of the Vancouver plant.
Mauricio Restrepo: Absolutely. Exactly. That’s correct.
Mark Hunter: Yeah, Robert, essentially, the new plant in Southern B.C. is largely but not completely probably is going to be funded by the proceeds from the sale of real estate from our Vancouver brewery. So, because the proceeds are excluded from free cash flow and CapEx and those types of numbers, we thought it would be fair to have sort of a comparable view on a CapEx guidance as well.
Rob Ottenstein: Got it. Got it. And then just a – I want to dig just a little bit more on the International brand potential. What if anything have you been able to accomplish in the last few months in terms of thinking through how you’re going to go to market both in terms of route-to-market as well as manufacturing brewing infrastructure for the Miller global brands, and how quickly do you think you’ll be able to move on that after the transaction closes?
Mark Hunter: Hey, Robert. It’s Mark here. So, let me give you a couple of headlines and I think Kandy can fill in just a few of the details. I mean, just to reiterate, obviously, this is a significant step change opportunity for our International business. And I think as I’ve indicated in the past, if you think about the Miller brands internationally, there’s really kind of three volume platforms and value platforms. One is across our existing infrastructure. So, as I Indicated, we’re looking forward to getting the Miller brands back into our portfolio in Canada, and obviously, the volumes in the UK and Ireland will roll into our existing business there. The second platform is those markets where we already have route-to-markets and strong positions, and that will build those positions out further. So, for example, in Panama, our business, which is a strong Coors business, post that change in scale terms with the addition of the Miller brands, that’ll open up a number of new markets where we currently don’t have a route-to-market. And, Kandy, do you want to just talk about the progress that’s been made, particularly on the second and third areas?
Kandy Anand: Thanks, Mark. Hi, Robert. So, it is very exciting for the International business and the Miller portfolio to an already fast-growing Coors Light portfolio which is growing strong double-digits. In terms of the actual progress, if you take out our top 20 markets or the Miller brand that we are inheriting, including Canada, UK, Ireland, that basically covers 95%-plus of that total volume. On these large markets, we have either have agreements or we’re in the process of getting agreements, to ensure), that we have a route-to-market on day one. In terms of supply agreements, the combination of transition service agreements that we have previously negotiated with ABI post-transition or exporting from our U.S. business. So, those are our supply agreements. We made good progress. I mean, there is still a lot of work, a lot of countries, a lot of new markets. But, I would say at this point of time, we are on track for our day one integration.
Rob Ottenstein: That’s...
Kandy Anand: Sorry, just to add...
Rob Ottenstein: Yeah.
Kandy Anand: ...some of the transition agreements would be with – potentially with Asahi since they are taking over some of the European supply locations.
Rob Ottenstein: That’s terrific. Do you have any sense of how the brands are doing this year? So the brands flat this year, up, down, any sense of order of magnitude?
Kandy Anand: Robert, it’s a mixed bag, markets where brands doing quite well and has momentum, and there are others where it’s down. So, I think as we look at the totality, they are more or less where we expected them to be based on the idea that we have which is, of course, quarter or later stage.
Mark Hunter: Yeah. Robert, it’s Mark here. The thing I’d ask you to bear in mind is clearly this is going to be a complex transition. I think we are well-planned and ready for execution. There’s still some details to be sorted out. But I would actually think of it as very much in the medium-term to long-term basis. As you think about the growth trajectory of our business, Coors, Miller and Staropramen combined along with our emerging International craft portfolio, if you look at over the course of the next few years, I think it places us in a very, very positive place to really build out our International footprint and our International trajectory. So, the first year will be challenging and tricky in some places, but got to look beyond that to – the value that’s going to be created by the addition of the Miller International portfolio.
Rob Ottenstein: Terrific. And just one last question. Coors Light, you gave us, I think, a 4% global number. Can you tell us what it did in Canada specifically and then what it did outside of North America, please?
Mark Hunter: Off the top of my head, in Canada, we were down kind of low- to mid-single digits. And then internationally, if you look at our MCI business, we were up double-digit growth. And in the UK and Ireland, we were up double-digits, in fact, kind of high-20%s, low-30% growth. So, Canada, down low- to mid-single; everywhere else outside of Canada, double-digit growth.
Rob Ottenstein: Okay. And any visibility in terms of stabilization in Canada?
Mark Hunter: Well, I think Stewart picked up on that. The focus has been on driving the right input which had an impact on the output. And I’m certainly very encouraged and I know the teammate are by the fact that we’ve seen our brand health metrics and our purchase intent numbers move in a very positive direction through the second quarter. So, any quality of our copy, the promotional intensity in terms of our in-case, the roll out of the visual identity, further alignment with the U.S. creative platform, all of those things are very well. But this is a big, big brand and you don’t turn things on or turn things off overnight. So, we are working this hard, and I think we’re working on the right input measures, starting certainly through our brand tracking to demonstrate that we’re pulling on the right levers, and I expect to see performance improve through the balance of this year and into 2017. Encouragingly, when you look at Coors’ trademark in totality, in Canada, and adding Banquet, which Stewart mentioned, is up over 20% again in the month. With the Coors trademarks in generally good health, Coors Light, if we can get that moving in the right direction will be in a very strong position.
Rob Ottenstein: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Cooper from Consumer Edge Research. Your line is open.
Brett Cooper: Good morning. Just a quick question. There’s a push for now in the law called beer. Just wondering kind of what your thoughts are on the opportunity there? Kind of where you sit today as you go through some of your major markets?
Mark Hunter: Hi, Brett, I think that question was around no and low alcohol beers?
Brett Cooper: Yeah. So that’s something which has already been a relatively large part of our thinking within Molson Coors and one of the benefits when we acquired the StarBev business was actually the addition of the beer mix portfolio to our portfolio. So commonly described as radlers, these are beers run about 2% alcohol. So, we’ve got, I think, some good learning in our business about the consumer drivers line low and no alcohol and is a central innovation point within our business, so more to follow. I think many people in alcohol are now looking at low and no alcohol choices. It’s very much one of our agenda. And there will be news on that front in due course.
Brett Cooper: Thanks.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Brett. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Mark Hunter: Hi, Bryan.
Mauricio Restrepo: Hello, Bryan.
Bryan Spillane: I’ve got two questions. One related to interest rates and the other related to reporting. So, I guess the first one just on interest rates, with interest rates, I guess post Brexit, the outlook, it looks like it’s even lower. It’s going to stay low for a long time. So Mauricio, could you just sort of talk to us about any effect that might potentially have on things like pension funding, assumptions that you’re using for pension funding. And then also how it might affect the way you apply the PACC model, just simply because the cost of financing or cost of capital come done, does it sort of change it all the way you’re planning, you apply the PACC model in looking at certain projects?
Mauricio Restrepo: Yes. Thank you, Bryan. Look, I mean, in terms of our financing, first of all, obviously, as you heard me say before, we had a fantastic result in our long-term debt offering. The interest cost that we were able to get on the financing was about $200 million lower than what we had assumed in the pro forma financials that we had submitted a couple of months ago. So, that clearly will have a very beneficial impact going forward. And as for the PACC model, of course, we’re constantly updating the cost of capital that we would use to analyze and review the various alternatives, i.e. should we delever, should we invest behind our brands, or should we pursue certain M&A opportunities, or should we return money to shareholders. And obviously those rates will be adjusted and are adjusted accordingly, given what’s happening in the market and our outlook going forward.
Bryan Spillane: And then just on pensions, I guess as you’re contemplating the merger of MillerCoors and Molson Coors and just looking at your pension assumptions, is there anything that we should be watching out for there, again, related to the interest rate outlook being lower for longer, probably?
Mauricio Restrepo: Well, as you know, I mean, that tends to have a double effect on the one hand because of the returns that you have on the pension assets and also the discount rate that you use for the obligations. But at present, I mean, those things have been taken into account in terms of the guidance that we’ve given; and again, where our defined benefit pension plans, we think that the cash contributions will be in the order of between $45 million to $65 million this year and the expense of around $17 million, and that includes the 42% of our MillerCoors contribution and expense. Obviously, that will be updated going forward for 100%
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And then just one last one on financial reporting. I think at the Investor Day, you kind of walked through how you’ll give us a little bit better visibility in terms of the transaction-related reporting. I think this spring the SEC had, I guess, made some rulings or statements about just sort of, I guess, more scrutiny on non-GAAP disclosures and maybe auditing it or scrutinizing it a little bit more. So, can you just – is there anything that we should think about in terms of your plans for the transaction-related reporting relative to kind of what the SEC has been commenting on?
Mark Hunter: Well, look, I mean on the one hand, what you’re saying is absolutely right. The SEC has revised their position in terms of GAAP versus non-GAAP disclosures, and we obviously are following in line with that as are many other companies, many other public companies in the U.S. And what that means is that in the 10-Ks and the 10-Qs, you will not now see some of the underlying measures that we used to put in there before. As for the information that you would receive post transaction, obviously, that’s information that you are going to receive through our calls, and we’ll still refer to those metrics because we think that they can give the investors and the analysts a very good indication of how our business is performing. And just to recap what we had mentioned to you at the New York Analysts Conference is that post the transaction close, we will be referring to a new number of updated synergies and cost savings. We are also going to talk about the transaction pro forma adjusted EPS. And we’re also going to talk about the cash flow-generating ability of the new business going forward.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. That’s great. Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Sure, Bryan.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Well, if there are no questions, I’d just like to thank everybody for your interest in Molson Coors Brewing Company. We are poised, as we look forward, to the hopeful conclusion of the ABI and SAB transaction and our acquisition of the 58% in MillerCoors, which will be transformational for our business. So, I’m sure everybody will be tuned in over the coming months as that comes to culmination. Thank you for your interest, and we look forward to see many of you shortly in Boston at the conference at the beginning of September. Thanks for your interest today, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director David Heede - Chief Financial Officer-Europe Region Stewart F. Glendinning - President & Chief Executive Officer, Molson Coors Canada, Molson Coors Brewing Co. Simon Cox - President & CEO-Molson Coors Europe, Molson Coors Brewing Co. Mauricio Restrepo Pinto - Chief Financial Officer Gavin Hattersley - Chief Executive Officer, MillerCoors LLC Krishnan Anand - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Coors International, Molson Coors Brewing Co.
Analysts: Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co. Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Filippe Goossens - Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc. Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time-to-time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website www.molsoncoors.com and click on the financial reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period and in U.S. dollars. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Connor. Hello and welcome everybody to the Molson Coors earnings call. And thanks for joining us today. With me on the call this morning from Molson Coors, we have: Gavin Hattersley, the CEO of MillerCoors; Stewart Glendinning, our CEO in Canada; Simon Cox, our European CEO; Kandy Anand, the CEO of our International Business; Sam Walker, our Global Chief People and Legal Officer; Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller; Dave Dunnewald, VP of Investor Relations; and David Heede, who has very ably filled the role of Interim Global CFO for the past six months, as we've completed our search for a permanent CFO. David is now transitioning back to his role as our Europe CFO as we welcome our new Global CFO, Mauricio Restrepo, who joined Molson Coors yesterday and he is here with us this morning. And for our earnings call today, David and I will take you through highlights of our first quarter 2016 results for the Molson Coors Brewing Company along with some perspectives on the balance of 2016. In the first quarter, we continued to focus on our First Choice ambition and on building a stronger brand portfolio, delivering value-added innovation, strengthening our core brand positionings through incremental marketing investments, and continuing to premiumize our portfolio. We began to see the benefits flow to our top-line performance as we grew worldwide volume, improved core brand momentum in key markets, introduced fast-growing innovations in all of our businesses, and achieved Above Premium growth globally including in craft, flavored malt beverages and cider. We also significantly expanded gross, operating, and pre-tax margins globally and increased total company underlying after-tax earnings more than 28%, while growing underlying EBITDA more than 15% versus a year ago. At the same time, we completed a common stock offering in January to fund about 20% of the pending MillerCoors transaction. And we made solid progress in our planning for the integration of MillerCoors and the Miller global brand portfolio. Completion of this game-changing transaction is still expected in the second half of this year and we intend to be ready to go on day one following the close. In brands, Coors Light grew volume 3.5% globally including strong double-digit growth in the U.K. and Ireland and high-single-digit growth in Latin America. In Above Premium, our craft portfolio drove growth from Doom Bar and the broader Sharp's portfolio in the U.K., Creemore and Granville Island in Canada, Blue Moon Belgian White in the U.S., and in the U.K., and its sister brand Belgian Moon in Canada, and also the newly acquired Saint Archer in the U.S. In ciders, we grew volume of Rekorderlig in Europe and Strongbow in Canada. And in flavored malt beverages, introduction of Henry's Hard Soda is proceeding well ahead of expectations and driving incremental Above Premium volume for us in the U.S. We continued to strengthen our business through improvements to our sales execution and revenue management capabilities, we increased efficiency of our operations, and we implemented common global systems. To ensure that our supply chain is fit for future, we completed the sale of our Vancouver Brewery in Canada for C$185 million and we'll lease the brewery back from the buyer as we build a new, more efficient, and flexible brewery. We also gained agreement to the closure of Burton South Brewery in the U.K., allowing us to further consolidate U.K. brewing operations. Regional highlights for the first quarter are as follows: In the U.S., underlying equity income increased 22.1% from a year ago, driven by higher net pricing, positive sales mix, timing of shipments and lower cost of goods sold. Coors Light and Miller Lite each gained share of the U.S. Premium Light segment for the fourth consecutive quarter, with both brands achieving flat sales to retail volume for the first time in MillerCoors' history. Improved momentum for these two brands was driven by ongoing improvements to their consumer communications, which appeals to a broad cross-section of men and women, Millennials, and multi-cultural consumers. Coors Banquet remains only national premium beer in the category that continues to grow. In the higher margin Above Premium segment, our lead craft brand, Blue Moon Belgian White, delivered another quarter of growth, as did Leinenkugel's Grapefruit Shandy and our newly acquired Saint Archer brands. In FMBs, we achieved strong initial results from the introduction of Henry's Hard Sodas in the first quarter. And according to Nielsen, Henry's Hard Orange Soda has the best velocity of any hard soda since the fourth week of its launch, and Henry's Hard Ginger Ale Soda is the number one Ginger Ale in this fast growing segment. In Canada, we delivered strong earnings growth, but our top-line performance was lower in both volume and revenue per hectoliter. In brands, Coors Light and Molson Canadian both had a challenging quarter, and we're taking additional concrete steps to improve performance in the balance of the year, which I'll discuss in a few minutes. In Above Premium and craft, Coors Banquet, Belgian Moon, Mad Jack Apple Lager, Heineken and Strongbow Cider all grew volume and share in the quarter along with our Creemore and Granville craft brands. In headline financial results for the quarter, Canada underlying pre-tax income increased 25.2% in constant currency, primarily due to a timing-led reduction in distribution costs, some lower pension expenses, and results of our ongoing cost savings initiatives. These factors were partially offset by the impact of lower volume and higher brand investments. Excluding the impact of the loss of the Miller brands, Canada STRs declined 1.6%, but including the Miller brands, STRs declined 5.2%. Increased competitor trade spend and pricing activities, especially in Québec and the West region, led to overall softer volume. In Europe, earnings were lower in the quarter primarily due to higher brand investments and amortization expenses, lower net pension benefit and the termination of the Heineken contract brewing arrangement in the U.K. Notwithstanding, our business and our brands performed well across the region. We increased market share and we continue to premiumize our portfolio and reduce costs. We grew volume in seven of the 11 countries and for seven of our lead core and premium brands in the region. In core brands, Carling, Bergenbier, and Ožujsko grew share of segment in their primary markets. Our Above Premium portfolio increased momentum with strong double-digit growth by Coors Light and the craft portfolio, including Doom Bar and the other Sharp's brands. Additionally, our cider portfolio achieved strong growth with the inclusion of Rekorderlig since the middle of 2015. And the full repatriation of the Staropramen brand in the U.K. also added to the solid progress we made in premiumizing our Europe portfolio. Our International business improved pre-tax performance in the first quarter, driven by continued volume growth in Latin America, India, and Japan, as well as lower marketing and overhead expenses due to the substantial restructure of our China business last year. Coors Light grew at a high-single-digit rate in international markets due to our launch in Colombia, as well as growth in our existing Latin America markets. Now I'll turn over to David to give first quarter financial highlights and perspective on the balance of 2016. David?
David Heede - Chief Financial Officer-Europe Region: Thank you, Mark, and hello everybody. Our first quarter financial headlines are as follows. Headline net sales increased 0.1% on a constant currency basis, driven by 1.2% growth in worldwide volume. Including foreign currency movements, net sales were down approximately 6% in U.S. dollars. Our net sales per hectoliter decreased 1.9% in constant currency, due to negative mix in Canada and lower Heineken contract brewing volume in Europe. Underlying after-tax income increased 28.1% to a $110.3 million or $0.54 per share driven by worldwide volume growth and lower cost of goods sold. On a U.S. GAAP basis, we reported income from continuing operations attributable to Molson Coors of $159.3 million, which is nearly double the prior year result. In addition to the factors that drove higher underlying income, this increase was primarily due to $110.4 million gain on the sale of our Vancouver brewery at the end of the first quarter, partially offset by special charges related to brewery closures. Please note that we received the cash from the Vancouver brewery sale on the first day of the second quarter. Underlying EBITDA in the quarter was $263.4 million, a 15.2% increase from a year ago. We issued 29.9 million shares Class B common stock from our equity offering in January for approximately $2.5 billion of net proceeds, which will fund about 20% of the $12 billion pending MillerCoors transaction. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of business unit financial results in the quarter. Total debt at the end of the first quarter was $3 billion, and cash and cash equivalents totaled $2.6 billion, resulting in a net debt of just over $400 million, which is significantly lower than prior year due to the proceeds received from our equity offering earlier this year. Looking forward to the remainder of 2016, our strong first quarter results were aided by the timing of Easter holiday and the additional days sales as a result of 2016 being the leap year, along with relatively favorable cost comparisons in the U.S. and lower Canada distribution costs. We anticipate that our results will not benefit from most of these factors in the balance of this year. Other trends to consider over the last three quarters of this year include: higher investments in our brands this year, including a double-digit increase globally in the second quarter, leading into peak season in the U.S., Canada, and Europe; incremental Europe brand amortization expense with an annualized impact of approximately $15 million, which began in the fourth quarter of 2015 along with lower net pension benefit in Europe this year; a total prohibition on the sale of alcohol, unexpectedly implemented by the state government in Bihar, India, in early April. We don't know how long this ban will be in place and we expect this development to present a headwind for our International business until it is resolved, as this is our largest state of operation in India. Note, however, that this prohibition in Bihar has no impact on the Mount Shivalik business in India that we purchased last year; the impact of terminated contracts which are now nearly all behind this; and finally, foreign currency translation, which, at current exchange rates, would not be a significant factor in our underlying pre-tax results this year. This view has improved significantly since our February earnings call, because of the recent strengthening of the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar. Given the recent volatility of key foreign currencies, however, it is important to watch these rates closely. Regarding 2016 guidance, all of the following metrics exclude any effects of the MillerCoors and Miller global brands transaction, the timing of which will have a big impact on virtually all guidance measures. For the full year, we expect cash contributions to our defined pension funds to be in the range of $45 million to $65 million in 2016 and pension expense of approximately $17 million, including a 42% of MillerCoors contributions and expense; capital spending of approximately $300 million; MG&A expense in corporate of approximately $120 million as we invest more behind innovation and commercial excellence this year; consolidated net interest expense of approximately $110 million; and underlying effective tax rate in the range of 18% to 22%, assuming no further changes in tax laws, settlement of tax audits, or adjustments to uncertain tax provisions. Regarding free cash flow guidance, we still have a large number of dynamic factors in play in relation to cash use and capital deployment, principally due to the pending MillerCoors transaction and, therefore, we plan to issue 2016 underlying free cash flow guidance later in the year with the goal of removing some of the recent volatility to guidance that has occurred. As far as cost outlook is concerned, we continue to expect the cost of goods sold per hectoliter in Canada and Europe in local currency to increase at low-single-digit rate for the full year 2016; we now expect 2016 MillerCoors COGS per hectoliter to be approximately in line with prior year; lower than expected pricing for diesel, aluminum, and corn, as well as acceleration in some of our cost savings initiatives drove the change from previous guidance of up low-single-digits; we now expect our International COGS per hectoliter in local currency to increase at the high-single-digit rate for 2016. This is up from low-single-digits previously due to geographic mix changes; we continue to expect cost savings for the next two years to be in the range of $50 million to $70 million. This view excludes cost savings from MillerCoors, as well as synergies resulting from the pending MillerCoors acquisition, which we expect to be $200 million by the year four following the transaction close. Finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of businesses early in the second quarter, which are impacted by the early timing of Easter this year. In the U.S. and Canada, for the three weeks through April 23, sales to retail decreased at mid-single-digit rates. In Europe, volume through to April 25 decreased low-single-digits. And our International sales volume, including royalty volume, through to April 23 decreased at a double-digit rate, partially due to the alcohol prohibition in Bihar, India. As ever, please keep in mind, these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. Also note that, following the close of the pending MillerCoors transaction, we plan to discontinue providing early next quarter volumes. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Mark for outlook, wrap up and the Q&A. Mark?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, David. In 2016, we will continue to drive our First Choice for consumer and customer agenda in the geographies and segments where we choose to play. As we move into peak season this year, we're seeing additional competitive pricing pressure and we intend to step-up our brand investments significantly, particularly in the second quarter. In the U.S., there has been a great deal of change in MillerCoors over the past 10 months. Those changes were necessary to create the foundation for the volume growth we aim to achieve by 2019. As we work to close the transaction, MillerCoors remains disciplined, decisive, and accountable for growing the business, transforming its portfolio, and driving value for our shareholders. In American Light Lagers, we continued to gain momentum behind the revitalization of our two largest U.S. brands, Coors Light and Miller Lite. In Above Premium, we continue to develop higher-margin offerings that can scale and stick, including strong early results from the launch of Henry's Hard Orange and Ginger Ale Sodas and we'll introduce a cherry cola flavor later this year. We've also made the decision to offer our fastest-growing Leinenkugel's extension, Grapefruit Shandy, on a year-round basis to strengthen the Leinenkugel's brand family, which alongside Blue Moon Belgian White forms the base of a formidable craft portfolio. In cider, we're broadening the appeal of Smith & Forge Hard Cider by adding a bottle package to our lineup. We'll continue to build First Choice customer partnerships with our Building with Beer retail strategy, which leverages the higher velocity and broad appeal of American Light Lagers. We plan to expand this valuable tool beyond the on-premise to additional channels in the balance of this year. In Canada, the restructuring of our brand portfolio was largely complete and gaining traction. In the first quarter, we achieved strong volume growth behind both Coors Banquet and Pilsner. We also continue to see strong momentum for our craft brands, Creemore and Granville Island, as well as in our Mexican portfolio with Sol and Dos Equis and in flavored malt beverages with Mad Jack. At the end of the quarter, we launched Mad Jack Root Beer and Ginger Ale, the first major hard soda entries in Canada. We continue to focus on accelerating growth for our core brands Coors Light and Molson Canadian as our biggest opportunity and challenge. Coors Light brand health has improved behind our North American packaging update, which continued to roll out in the first quarter, along with high impact retail executions that drove positive momentum in social engagement. For Molson Canadian, following another successful #anythingforhockey campaign in the first quarter, we'll continue in peak season with strong programming and new communications that celebrates all of the rich qualities of our beer and our Canadian identity. Operationally, we continue on our mission to be First Choice for consumers and customers focusing on our Field Sales Management program to deliver brilliant store-level execution across space, assortment, and pricing. In 2016, we will also continue to restructure our supply chain to ensure we are fit for the future. The sale of our Vancouver brewery for C$185 million at the end of the first quarter was a significant first step towards allowing us to build a more efficient and flexible brewery over the next few years. In Europe, we achieved solid top-line performance in the first quarter on the strength of our core brands and the addition of the Rekorderlig cider and Staropramen brands in the U.K. Although, the increased brand amortization expense will present a headwind for the next couple of quarters, we will continue to invest in our core brand portfolio across Europe to grow share of segment. In fact, earlier today, we announced the signing of a global Carling sponsorship as the official beer partner of the English Premier League. This sponsorship reaches well beyond Carling in the U.K., as it allows us to leverage any brand in any market with one of the most popular sports properties globally. We'll also continue to premiumize our portfolio with Coors Light, the Sharp's portfolio led by Doom Bar, Ireland's leading craft brand, Franciscan Well, Cobra, Rekorderlig, and Staropramen. And to ensure that our supply chain is fit for future, the planned closure of our Burton South Brewery in the U.K. is progressing well, along with the transition of production to our recently modernized Burton North Brewery by the end of 2017. Our International business is focused on attaining profitability in 2016 on a constant currency basis versus 2013 foreign exchange rates when we originally made this commitment, and continue to accelerate our overall growth in existing and select new markets. Upon closing of the MillerCoors and Miller global brands transaction, we will integrate the Miller international brands into our portfolio and leverage a footprint that complements our growth strategy, and allows us to gain entrance into high priority markets, while increasing our business scale in current markets. We also intend to continue to drive rapid growth for Coors Light in Latin America, including the high potential Colombia market, where we launched at the end of last year. Going forward, we expect the Coors, Miller, and Staropramen brands to form the backbone of our international portfolio. In India, we will continue to add scale through our Mount Shivalik business, which we acquired last year as we developed contingency plans related to the Bihar alcohol prohibition. To wrap up, in the balance of 2016, we'll continue to focus on our First Choice for consumers and customer – customer's ambition all driven through our PACC lens and with the intent to drive total shareholder returns. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, just a quick comment. As usual, our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference with a couple of hours this afternoon. Also 1:00 P.M. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. Additionally, in the next two months, we hope to see many of you at two events. Firstly, we will hold our Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Wednesday May 25, 2016 here in Denver. And second, we'll host our Annual New York Investor and Analyst Day at New York Exchange on the afternoon of Wednesday, June 8, 2016. Finally, I want to offer a thank you to David Heede, who has capably led the finance function over the past almost six months. So, at this point, Connor, we'd like to open up for questions, please. Thank you.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Vivien Azer with Cowen & Co. Your line is open.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Vivien.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: So, I was hoping we could dig in on Canada a little bit. Two questions please. The first on the negative mix shift, and how we should think about that evolving, because clearly you are having a fair amount of success at the Above Premium price points where you're putting some notable investment, so kind of the offset there and how we think about that evolving. On the earlier call, we discussed a little bit with Gavin, the outlook for U.S. beer and perhaps that U.S beer would not lose share in the U.S. relative to other competitive alcoholic beverage categories. So, if you could put in that context, that would be helpful. That's my first question on Canada. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I'll pass across to Stewart. Stewart, do you want to set that question just in the context of the kind of transformational agenda that you're leading for in Canada.
Stewart F. Glendinning - President & Chief Executive Officer, Molson Coors Canada, Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, cheers. Thanks for that, Vivien. Well, look, I think if you look at where we've been going with our portfolio, our focus has been on developing the top end and we're really pleased with the way that the Above Premium brands are gaining share in the marketplace. If you look at our NSR in total, the underlying increase in NSR is close to about 1%, and the mix that we're talking about is really being driven by two items; one is the loss of Miller and the other is the impact of our contract brewing revenues which impact the top line, but don't impact the volume. So, I would focus on the 1% is what fits underneath the real performance.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. And any comment on the outlook for the beer category relative to some of the other alcoholic beverage categories in Canada?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Stewart, do you want to follow-up on that?
Stewart F. Glendinning - President & Chief Executive Officer, Molson Coors Canada, Molson Coors Brewing Co.: No. I mean I don't have the most recent data for the first quarter; it will be out next week. I think that the broad trends that we have seen in the last couple of years have seen wine gaining share. Spirits hasn't been a major factor for us in Canada. I would step back and look at the health of the beer industry. I think the first quarter had the benefit, obviously, of an extra trading day and Easter, but broadly this quarter has felt healthier than previous years, number one. Number – with number two, I would point out, that there are the challenges in Canada that we saw in the fourth quarter, we're limited really to Québec and to Alberta. In this past quarter, I think the most challenging market remained Alberta, but the rest of the industry looks healthy.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Terrific. Thank you very much.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Vivien, the only thing I would add to that is I think if you look at what's has happening on macro level within the beer industry in Canada than consumers generally are choosing to invest their hard earned dollars in some of the higher-priced segments, whether that's craft or Above Premium and imports, the exception to that really has been in Alberta where, obviously, that economy is under a lot of pressure with what we've seen from the oil industry, but not dissimilar to what we've in the U.S. where in a relatively benign volume market that the areas of real consumer momentum tend to be in imports, higher-priced segments like FMBs and craft.
Vivien Azer - Cowen & Co. LLC: Terrific. That's very helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Judy, how are you?
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So I wanted to ask about Europe. I think the quarter had a pretty decent volume growth, but there was some timing benefit, so just wanted to get a sense of what's happening from a category growth standpoint in some of your key markets, your market share performance? And maybe just, broadly speaking, as you think about certainly MillerCoors becoming a bigger portion of your business going forward, how does sort of Europe fit into your broader strategy and your attempt to kind of grow and accelerate the profit growth in that region?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Judy. I think there was a couple of questions in there. So, Simon, why don't you take the first part of the question and just talk a little bit about the momentum we're seeing in our Europe business and then I'll touch on the impact of MillerCoors more broadly?
Simon Cox - President & CEO-Molson Coors Europe, Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. Thank you, Judy. So, if you look to that top-line results, Judy, then our volumes grew by just over 5% in Europe in the quarter and that translated into just over 4% top-line on net sales revenue growth if you extract currency changes. So, we were very pleased with that. We think that's a very, very solid performance. And to answer your question and give that some context, the markets in which we operate were pretty much flat from a volume perspective. So, in other words, we gained share and we would calculate that to be about an 0.6% or 0.7% share gain across the quarter, which again I think is very solid. And I think, pleasingly, it's share gain driven by the majority of our countries, by the majority of our main brands, and we also saw some pretty good trends on our premium brands. So, overall, if you're looking for our performance in the context to the market, good performance on volume, strong performance on revenue, good share gain and a good shape to the portfolio growth as well.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Simon. Judy, any follow-up for Simon specifically before I talk about MillerCoors?
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: No. I'm good with Simon. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Simon. And then, Judy, just to your broader question about Europe and the impact of MillerCoors, as business as usual we've got a big business and it'll be a bigger business in the U.S. We have a big business in Canada. We've got a fast-growing International business and we have a big business in Europe. And we want all of our businesses to be focused on top-line growth. The European business will have the additional benefit of, in particular, the MGD volumes in the U.K. and Ireland, but it'll be very much business as usual, and I think the opportunity is on that enhanced platform, how we can lift and shift some of our faster growing brands, so brands like the Sharp's portfolio or Franciscan Well, and really leverage them and more broadly internationally. So, very much business as usual. I think you've seen solid improvements and a competitive position in Europe, and we'll continue down that path going forward. Europe is a big part of our overall business and is an important part of our business.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Judy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel. Your line is open.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I guess Mauricio and Mark, one question for – or kind of two-part question for you and then also on the subject of Canada, but Mauricio or really Mark I guess, what are Mauricio's priorities, now that he is the new CFO? And then, Mauricio, you come with the experience from Beam and is there anything special about that experience that you think pertains to the job at hand for Molson Coors?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, so let me pickup Mauricio's job description and his goal setting conversation, which will take place probably later this week. I anticipate this being a very seamless transition. We are delighted that Mauricio has joined our business. He's got great experience in both developed and developing markets and across the alcohol sector broadly. And I think he'll come in and be provocative and added value on a number of fronts. So, I mean, the short-term priorities are pretty clear and I think we've been consistent on that, Mark, which is we've got to deliver our 2016 plan, make sure that we are delivering both top-line, bottom-line and the strong cash performance and be prepared to go when the deal is approved and then subsequently close this (31:57) in relation to MillerCoors and Miller International and Mauricio is going to play a very explicit part on that agenda. It's really no more complicated than that. I don't know, Mauricio, if you want to say, hi and offer any further perspectives.
Mauricio Restrepo Pinto - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Thank you, Mark and Mark. With one full day under by belt, I guess – what I can say is that, I'm very excited to be here at Molson Coors. It is a company with outstanding people and great brand portfolio, and it's really a very exciting time for the company. And I'll be essentially focusing on furthering the strategy of the company which is to delight the world's beer consumers with our products. As Mark said, offering hopefully some interesting points of view in terms of my experience in the spirits industry and formerly at SABMiller. That being said, I look forward to seeing and meeting most if not all of you in person at our event in New York in early June.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's great. Okay. Thank you for that. And if I could also on Canada and Mark or Stewart, I guess I want to focus particularly on Coors Light and Molson Canadian and what I'm – what I'd like to better understand is why we really are coming around the corner, because we've been coming around the corner for quite some time with these two brands. And it sounds like you feel a little better, but – and I guess you're going to be spending more, and so that in itself is real. But what are you seeing that makes you think that maybe it's not second quarter, maybe it's 2017. These brands really are in a better position than they've been because I appreciate you've been working hard on correcting the issue, but it's still an issue and the U.S. is improving, Molson Canadian is not a U.S. brand of any size, but it's hard from where we sit, at least from where I sit, to believe that anything meaningful is going to change for those two brands anytime soon. So can you give us a little bit more on what's going on there?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So let me offer – let me offer a little bit of context. And then Stewart, do you want to just talk about some of the specifics I think are building confidence? But, if you look across our business, Mark, whether that's Coors Light and Miller Lite in the U.S., whether it's the way that Carling's got back into share of segment growth over the last couple of years in the U.K., I think we've got a track record of where we've seen new challenges in our business, continuing to work that challenge, and put in place the right response. And I think the most recent trends in the U.S. on our two biggest brands demonstrate our ability to get focused with the right inputs in place. And I mean these are big, big brands. It's like driving a -captaining an oil tanker, it doesn't turnaround overnight, but you've got to remain resolute and focused on the right inputs. We've demonstrated that in the U.S. We've demonstrated that in other markets. In all honesty, we had a couple of misfires on some of our consumer communication in Canada. But, I think Stewart and the team have really got to grips with what's required now, and are feeling very good about the quality of our communications that we've got in the marketplace. But, Stewart do you want to just talk about a few more of the specifics that are building confidence as we go into Q2 and in Q3, in particular?
Stewart F. Glendinning - President & Chief Executive Officer, Molson Coors Canada, Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah, sure, Mark. I'd actually just, Mark, just step back one second and just say, that as we looked at our strategic plan three years ago. We really built out three big blocks; one was redoing our supply chain footprint, the other was lowering our G&A cost base, and the third was improving our commercial capability and portfolio. And those are relevant. Why? Because on the cost base and the supply chain, the savings that we're getting from that has allowed us to start to feed the investments required to get the brands going. On the brand side, we're really focused on making sure that we had a portfolio that was right for consumers. And on the Above Premium, which is where we built up all the brands, we're performing well and we're really happy with those brands. On Molson Canadian and on Coors Light, those brands sit in the mainstream. That is the part of the market that is under the most pressure. And if you looked at this past quarter, Canadian held share of the segment and Coors Light did not. So, Coors Light is where our real challenge is. I've been pretty clear about calling out where the challenges are for Coors Light, those being our need to improve our brand scores. Our need to reach out to millennials and to engage those consumers more actively in our brands. I think when you look at the first quarter from a costs standpoint, our G&A costs went down, and we spent some of that money back in the brand. So, that's moving our strategy. I think it gives the brand itself, we saw finally the introduction of some marketing that is working. Our advertising is scoring better than any of the campaigns we've seen over the last three years or four years, that's a positive, and we're seeing an uptick in our brand equity. So, those are positives. I think if you look at the activity that we have for the second quarter and the call out that we made in the earning release and the script this morning, we pointed to the fact that we expect to put more money behind the brands and that is because we have a pretty full activation agenda, we've got a full advertising agenda and we know that we need to spend some money to get the energy going on these brands. So, that's where we are. And I think you'll be in a position in June to hear more from us and to see some of that work when we meet in New York.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's actually very helpful. One quick follow-up. Is there any history or what does the history say about the relationship between the U.S. and Canada for the brand Coors Light? The U.S. is seeing this improvement. Is there a historical analogue to make you believe that you can get some tailwind, so to speak, off of that with this added spending you're going to be doing for the brand in Canada?
Stewart F. Glendinning - President & Chief Executive Officer, Molson Coors Canada, Molson Coors Brewing Co.: I'm not sure whether there is a strong correlation between the markets is because the development of the brands has been a little bit different. But what I will say is that, we've been working well together as a North American group to understand what drives our consumers. You will see us leveraging more ideas back and forth between the two business units. And in fact, here in the next few weeks, you will see us starting to use some of that U.S. messaging.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Great. Thank you, Stewart. Thanks, Mark.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Your line is open.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Good morning, everyone. Look, I mean, just two quick questions. The first one Mark, in very general terms, 10 months after – almost six months, seven months after that we know the MillerCoors transaction, do you have more, the same or less conviction about the guidance with $100 million synergies? So, if you can answer that and maybe give some color in terms of why? And then the second question related to these questions you had, in global terms, after the transaction has closed, MillerCoors, the U.S. market is going to be about 80% of your earnings. What about trying to diversify the regional profile of the company later on. Is that a priority, or it doesn't matter at all? And the reason I ask that obviously is when you hear news about Anheuser-Busch InBev trying to sell their assets in Poland and Czech Republic, are those potential assets that could be of interest to your company? Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Hi, Pablo. Thanks for the questions. To your specific question on the synergy target, I would say having done the planning, I'm more convicted or convinced, that's the right word with regard to the number, but clearly I don't want to talk in any more specifics. I have been pretty clear that once our planning team have finished all of the planning work and we get deal approval and we're moving towards close, then we can update more specifically at that point. But, I think the gains that we offered last November as we work through the planning stands good and we'll update more broadly in due course. From your question with regard to the center of gravity that would be our business being the U.S. Our overall strategy doesn't change, we will have a bigger position in the U.S. and you know that has many benefits associated with it. But, we've been on the journey to build a footprint over the course of the last five years, in particular, led by Coors Light and more recently by Staropramen and that will continue. I'm not going to comment specifically on any M&A opportunities. We never do, as you're aware. But we need to play to win in both the U.S., Canada, and in our European business. And we need to continue to build our global footprint, led through our global brands, that's principally been on an asset-light license and export model. It's likely that model will continue as we look to take Coors trademark, Staropramen trademark in the future of the Miller trademark into more markets, that's probably all I can say at this stage.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yeah. That's fine. Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Pablo.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Bryan.
Stewart F. Glendinning - President & Chief Executive Officer, Molson Coors Canada, Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Good morning, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a couple of short questions. First, in terms of the two breweries that the sale in Vancouver and then the plans to close in Eden. On Vancouver, are there any timing provisions? I guess, you know, if it takes you a while to find a property or find a location or build a brewery, are there any sort of timing provisions we should think about, in terms of when that lease term ends, or are there any timing provisions we should think about there?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Just on Vancouver?
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just on Vancouver, yeah.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Stewart, do you want to just give a little bit of color on Vancouver?
Stewart F. Glendinning - President & Chief Executive Officer, Molson Coors Canada, Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Sure. Bryan, as you point out, we closed the deal this quarter. In terms of the timeline, we have up to five years. So, we've got plenty of time to find and build a new brewery. And, of course, that process is actively underway already.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then in Eden, have you disclosed yet what the plans are for that property, once you close it? Have you – will it continue, will you sell it? Will it continue to operate as a brewery under someone else's ownership? Just any thoughts on yet, in terms of what happens to that brewery, kind of post closing it?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The very specific response, Bryan, is that, no, we haven't disclosed anything in relation to Eden other than our plan to close the brewery. And Gavin and the team are working through the process at this point in time, and it's going as anticipated. I don't know whether, Gavin, you'd want to add anything to that?
Gavin Hattersley - Chief Executive Officer, MillerCoors LLC: No, Mark, other than to say, we just haven't made a decision as to what to do with the facility and land, at this point in time, as you correctly stated.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And just the reason why I asked the question is just, you've got a lot of capacity that's being added to the industry from the craft beer industry, and the capacity that Constellation is adding in Mexico is essentially U.S. brewing capacity. So, I'm just trying to get a sense for whether or not just the capacity in the industry at all overall sort of affects your decision-making in terms of what you might decide to do?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I think, Gavin, do you want to pick up on that?
Gavin Hattersley - Chief Executive Officer, MillerCoors LLC: Yeah, I was going to say, Bryan, we're focused on the moment of closing the brewery down and transitioning the volume to where it's supposed to be. That's our focus, here. And we just haven't made any decisions on what to do with a facility or the land at this point.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, just the last one, and I might have missed this earlier. But just in Canada this quarter, the distribution, the lower distribution costs, what was that related to, specifically?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, look, I can give you a headline on that, Bryan. COGS performance in the first quarter was very, very encouraging, probably about half of the COGS improvement related to some timing benefit and that relates specifically just to some distribution charge and the timing of those distribution costs. I think if you work on the basis, about half of the COGS improvement as underlying and continuing and about half of the COGS improvement in the first quarter or something that will fall away because it was a timing benefit – I don't think we whether want to get into any more of the specifics at this stage.
Bryan D. Spillane - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That's all I have. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein with Evercore. Your line is open.
Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you very much. Could you talk a little bit about how Coors Light is doing globally? I'm guessing there was some impact in terms of what was happening in India, so perhaps maybe kind of a number, a volume number for Coors Light globally, taking India into account?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Rob. It's Mark here. Just a couple of comments for you. Firstly, Coors Light isn't available in India, so no issues there. I don't think, Kandy has got any plans to launch in India, hasn't spoken to me, I've heard it. So, Coors Light globally was up about 3.5% and across Europe and our international business, we were close to 19% growth. So, we're seeing very, very strong performance as we take the brand outside of North America, a tremendous traction and velocity and growth in Central and South America. And a brand which has become our second largest brand in our UK and Ireland portfolio and has grown to well over a million hectoliters now across the UK and Ireland. So, in a number of international markets, but I wouldn't describe it is having a global footprint, center of gravity outside of North America, certainly, Central and South America and our UK and Ireland business. And strong and growing momentum behind the Coors Light brand. Alongside that, we've introduced Coors 1873 into a couple of markets, as a sister brand of Coors Banquet. And again, we've seen that performed strongly, so we're looking to build out the Coors trademark and that proof-of-concept in Coors 1873, I think, gives us some signals as to how we can build that trademark more broadly going forward.
Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: I just want to make sure I got those numbers right. So globally, including U.S. up 3.5%, and outside of the U.S., up 19%?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In Europe and MCI combined, it's just under 19% growth.
Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Okay, so outside of North America. That's terrific.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: And as you're going to look to take control of the Miller brands globally, how would you compare, do you think, the potential for those brands with Coors? And how are you thinking about positioning outside of the U.S.?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We'll – I mean, I think we're in a great position because the positioning of the brands is very complementary, the Coors positioning is very clear in terms of begin born in the Rockies and owning the whole sense of cold refreshment. Miller is much more of an urban positioning and MGD, in particular, I think it's very complementary to Coors Light. And then, Staropramen clearly operates with a very, very strong check in our European provenance. In really simplistic terms, Robert, we've got a great clear bottle offering, brown bottle offering and green bottle offering, but that's me probably getting out my depth on my marketing skills. But, I think overall positionings of the brand are very complementary, it gives us more scale in a number of existing MCI markets, and it gives us an entry point into a number of new markets as well. So, our international business will scale up very significantly on the back of this addition to our portfolio. With what I think will be a great backbone of international brands and around that we can then start to really test our ability to build some of the international footprint for some of our craft brands as well. So, I think, we're poised for the next phase in international brand development.
Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Okay. And any comments on, I know it's very small, but just in terms of understanding how the portfolio is doing, and the business in Australia. And whether, is that a template for other countries?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. I'll pass that across to Kandy. Kandy, do you want to just comment on our Australia business?
Krishnan Anand - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Coors International, Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Sure. Thanks, Mark. Rob, as you mentioned, it's a relatively small part of our business; however, we launched there now. It's little over 18 months. We launched Coors Light, but we have to call it Coors, because of the laws there, which where lights are low alcohol beers only, so it's basically the same born in Rockies, cold refreshment that Mark referred to, but we call it Coors. It's doing well and we've had a really good summer season, we just finished in Australia in March. And we're looking forward to also add the Miller portfolio to that. With the two we'll actually increase our scale in Australia more than twofold with the addition of Miller. So, I would say, it's something that we believe in the long run, well, we bought a reasonable size business as well as reasonably profitable business. And it's going to take a while to grow these two brands.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Does it make sense?
Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: And U.S. craft beers, are taking off in many countries. Any just final quick thoughts on early potential, early insight into Blue Moon and the ability of that brand to gain traction overseas?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I think it's a good observation, Robert. And I think we've led that wave with the development of Blue Moon in a number of markets. Obviously, we've now got Belgian Moon up in Canada. Blue Moon has been in our UK and Ireland business for a number of years and is growing strongly. And Kandy and his team now have gone into a multiple markets. Australia is one of those markets, Japan is another market. And interest from around the world continues to grow, so we're already on that path and have been developing that over the course of the last three years to five years, in particular and we're seeing demand growing. I think we're in a strong position when you look at the number one Irish brand, the leading brand in UK with Sharp's and our Canadian brands as well. There is opportunities for us to really build out that craft portfolio at international level and that's central to some of our international expansion thinking at this point in time.
Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI: Terrific. Very exciting. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Filippe Goossens with MUFG. Your line is open.
Filippe Goossens - Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.: Yes, good morning, gentlemen. And thanks for the call this morning again. I had two questions, although I think the first one has been indirectly answered, it was more from an M&A perspective, trying to find out if there was any remote interest perhaps in the Pilsner Urquell brand that AB InBev is putting up for sale. But I'll take your comments for that on the earlier question. My second question, if I may, is given the Carling business in the UK, how are you seeing the potential for the Brexit potential vote next month in England? Would that cause meaningful issues for you, or that's something that is relatively managed within the scope of the operations in Europe? Thank you very much.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Filippe. So, thanks for your acknowledgement on the M&A question. I would just mention, obviously our definitive agreement with ABI is the Pilsner Urquell brand remains in our portfolio in the U.S. on a perpetual royalty-free basis. So that's in our portfolio currently and will remain in our portfolio, irrespective of what's been announced last week by ABI and SAB divestiture. With regard to the Carling business in the UK and Brexit, that's a great question. I think if you ask 10 commentators, you'd probably get 10 different points of view. I mean it's outside of our control, the consumer demand in the UK for Carling and our other brands, I think will remain unaffected by whatever decision is made. The impact on currency and any translational impact, I think is probably the thing that we're keeping our eye on it at the moment, but I don't think it will affect any real demand patterns in the UK, which is clearly what we're really interested in. I don't know Simon, whether you'd offer any more color on that, it's just such a difficult one to call, but any perspective, Simon?
Simon Cox - President & CEO-Molson Coors Europe, Molson Coors Brewing Co.: No. I think it's similar to you, Mark. I mean of all the things that we should keep our eye on, it wouldn't be one of the things that necessarily keeps me awake at night. I just don't see it actually having any material impact on the overall demand in the beer market in the UK. And I certainly think based on our recent trends of Carling performance on that portfolio in the UK, we'd be able to withstand whatever effect did come. So no, I wouldn't put that in any future model of any real importance, no.
Filippe Goossens - Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.: So, it seems then basically if there's any issue at all, it's most likely going to come from a translation perspective, as it relates to the impact on the currency, but nothing in terms of demand. Is that a fair summary?
Simon Cox - President & CEO-Molson Coors Europe, Molson Coors Brewing Co.: I think, that's reasonable. Yeah.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Filippe Goossens - Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (USA), Inc.: Thank you, gentlemen.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel. Your line is open.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hello. Thanks. Hi, again guys. Thank you for taking this follow-up. Simon, I wanted to understand a little better what is happening in Europe, in the sense that it's clear the UK is benefiting from this introduction, and I presume you're taking some share there, and then these other markets that drove the volume increase, I presume your taking share there. Can you give us a little more sense of either the theme that's underlying share gains versus those markets where you're seeing share losses, if there is a theme? But 11 countries is a lot. Don't know that we need to go into every single one, but I'm just trying to better understand the other side of the coin, if you will. The markets where you're not having the success you'd like. That's what I'm trying to understand.
Simon Cox - President & CEO-Molson Coors Europe, Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Simon, do you want to answer that.
Simon Cox - President & CEO-Molson Coors Europe, Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. Sure. I mean, to your point, Mark, I think, we could spend a lot of the time doing individual diagnosis on 11 different countries. I think, the theme that I will point you to is that, in general, we are increasing our investments in marketing and those investments are playing out well for us with stronger volumes, stronger revenues and premiumizing that portfolio. And actually, that's a factor virtually across all the markets. So if for example, I took Staropramen, we are investing in Staropramen across all of our European markets, and we've also repatriated that into the UK, and we're investing behind it, and that's giving us double-digit growth almost universally, actually across those markets. So, there are always you know some puts and takes from a timing perspective in individual markets, but our general strategy of investing behind our core brands and investing in premiumization is working at the aggregate level in Europe and any countries that isn't true in this quarter, I'd been confident that we could continue to drive those countries back towards the norm. So, I don't think, there's actually as much variation as perhaps you might be pointing to. And I think overall, our strategy is just working in aggregate.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's very helpful. And one quick follow-up. Of those markets that did not participate in the 5% volume increase, what's the largest of those markets? Countries?
Simon Cox - President & CEO-Molson Coors Europe, Molson Coors Brewing Co.: Yeah. We don't intend to break those down. So, I wouldn't want to get into market-by-market commentary, if that's okay, Mark?
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Sure, enough. Okay. Thank you, Simon.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge Research. Your line is open.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning, guys. Just a quick one.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Brett.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC: The pushing of near beer or FMBs continues to be an avenue of growth for you in the industry. Do you see any risk of heightened regulatory scrutiny from FMBs getting closer and closer to non-alcoholic beverages?
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Brett, let me give you just a couple of comments on that. Obviously, selling alcohol is something that you know comes with a significant obligations and we are – and all of our markets very, very careful about the way that we both introduce and market brands. FMBs have been a big part of our business for the last couple of decades back in the UK. We, in the mid-1990s, launched a brand called Hooch, which was you know one of the forerunners of the FMB category and it's been you know part of our business as a safer you know a couple of decades now. So, we are very careful, very responsible, very clear about the fact that these are adult drinks, they're clearly marked as adult drinks and will continue to comply with all regulations in all of our markets to build our portfolio responsibly. I think beyond that, it's probably not worth getting into any specifics. So, that's just our general philosophy in our business.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research LLC: All right. Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Brett.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic with SIG. Your line is open.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you for taking the follow-up. Look, Gavin, I realize I asked questions relating to MillerCoors call earlier today, but three very quick ones for you. So, is the industry traditionally, will increase prices in the fall and most of the companies would follow. Has the industry changed in that regard? And what happened really with that price increase in the fall? Did it stick or not? That's the first question. The second one, in the earlier call you said that pricing ex-mix was up 0.8% for the MillerCoors portfolio. Can you just give us some new ones there, in terms of what was increase in the value brands, compared to say mainstream? It seems to me that on value-price, pricing might have come down, if you can explain that. And then the third and last question I think that Miller High Life, it's in my opinion in a very unique position within your value portfolio. And one would think that it may be stacking between mainstream and value, and that there's an opportunity for you to have a very strong value brand, if Miller High Life were to trend down price wise into fully the value segment, as opposed to what seems to be happening, that it's moving up to mainstream. If you can just comment on that Gavin, and thanks for taking the follow-up again.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey Gavin. Do you want to pick up on let's call it some general comments without getting lost in any of the specifics?
Gavin Hattersley - Chief Executive Officer, MillerCoors LLC: Right. I mean, Pablo it's little difficult for me to give you a detailed specifics as Mark says. And from an industry pricing point of view, you know price increases take place in the fall, they take place in the spring, there is no general one-size-fits all. And as I've said quite often on these calls is, we follow very clear pricing strategy and market-by-markets and brand-by-brand basis. And your second question is around breaking out the 80 basis points between the various sub-segments is, we just simply don't do that publicly. And from a Miller High Life point of view, we do think we've got a unique proposition here as the Champagne of Beers and we intend to continue to invest quiet strongly behind that brand, it's an important part of our sub-premium portfolio and we'll play an important role in reducing the lost market share that we've experienced in the primary portfolio. Beyond that, I can't really get into any more detail.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: All right. Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Pablo, the only thing I would add is, I mean, if you look at the choice in the U.S. market now as probably be, there's more proliferation, more choice for consumers than we've seen in living memory. So, our job is to make sure our brands deliver great value for consumers and we'll make sure we do that through a combination of our price points, SKUs that we offer, the quality of our brand communications. We got to be competitive. And as I say, consumers have got more variety and more choice than they've ever had before. So, we've got to be really sharp, we've got to stay very local, and we've got to ensure that we are competing very effectively in the marketplace.
Pablo Zuanic - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to Mr. Hunter for closing remarks.
Mark R. Hunter - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Connor. Can I just thank everybody for your time, attention, and interest in Molson Coors Brewing Company. We look forward to seeing hopefully most of you at our Analyst and Investor Day in New York in June. And Dave and team will be available for follow-up questions at – a little bit later on today. So, thanks again for your interest and we look forward to seeing you soon. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dave Dunnewald - IR David Heede - CFO
Analysts: Ian Shackleton - Nomura International Bryan Spillane - Bank of America  Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company Robert Ottenstein - Evercore ISI Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company fourth-quarter 2015 earnings follow-up session conference call. Now, I will turn the call over to Dave Dunnewald. Global Vice President of Investor Relations for Molson Coors.
Dave Dunnewald: Thank you, Lori, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of Molson Coors Brewing Company, thank you for joining us today for our 2015 earnings follow-up earnings conference call. Our goal on this call is to address as many additional earnings-related questions as possible, following our earnings regular conference call with Mark Hunter, David Heede, and our business unit CEOs earlier today. We will use a standard question-and-answer format, and we anticipate that the call will last less than an hour. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the Company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussions today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the Company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings, for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The Company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the day they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by the Company's executives in discussing our performance, please visit the Company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the financial reporting tab of the Investor Relations page, for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the Company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period, and in U.S. dollars. We also encourage investors and analysts to read SABMiller PLC news releases and trading statements that include financial and other information relating to the MillerCoors joint venture. So let's get started with an introduction of the team with me on the call today. We have Kevin Kim, Investor Relations Senior Manager; Ashley Dunlop, Finance Forecasting Senior Manager; Brian Tabolt, Controller; Mike Rumley, Treasurer; and Mark Saks, VP of Tax. And we also have a special cameo appearance from David Heede, Interim Global CFO. Regarding quarterly results, as Mark Hunter mentioned on our regular earnings call this morning, the most important strategic development for Molson Coors in 2015 was the definitive agreement we reached late in the year, to purchase the other 58% of MillerCoors that we do not currently own, along with the international rights to the Miller brand. Beyond this game-changing transaction for our Company, we are pleased with the overall progress that our Company made in 2015. We exceeded our targets for cash generation and cost savings, and expanded gross margins and underlying pretax margins globally. We grew our above-premium craft FMB and cider business globally, gained share in the key premium light segment in the U.S., and accelerated the growth of our international business, including a bolt-on acquisition in the fast-growing India market. In 2016, we will continue to focus on building a stronger brand portfolio, delivering value-added innovation, investing behind the strength of our core brand positions, and continuing to premiumize the portfolio. So with that, we would now like to open it up for your questions. Over to you, Lori.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Ian Shackleton of Nomura. Your line is open.
Ian Shackleton: The question really around modeling for this year, and I know it's a tricky thing, because we don't quite know when the MillerCoors deal will complete sometime in H2. Clearly, you've got a lot of shares that you've issued and I'm just thinking when you report Q1 and probably Q2, which will before the deal completes, you're going to have a lot more shares issued, you're going to have more cash on the balance sheet. I guess we should be modeling that through, because clearly, it's got a dilutive on that in the short term, or is there something I am missing on that?
Dave Dunnewald: Right. You have nearly 30 million additional shares now in the marketplace, so that does have implications for any calculation that includes shares. In the meantime, right, we have significant cash on our balance sheet, and we'll obviously handle that cash in the best interest of our shareholders. But I think you're thinking about the right pieces.
Ian Shackleton: Okay. My understanding, and certainly this is possibly only for IFRS accounting, which I know is not applicable to you, but if there is additional debt funding being taken like ABI has, you might be able to capitalize if you want the carry costs until the deal completes. But it's different for you, isn't it, because you've issued the shares, and you can't really calculate a carry cost, I guess?
Dave Dunnewald: I don't know a way to calculate the carry costs, except for the dividends associated with the additional shares, which you would want to take those into account.
Operator: Your next question is from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Just a couple of modeling questions. First, just to follow up on Ian's question now about the shares and the dividend, your free cash flow guidance is before or after dividends?
Dave Dunnewald: The free cash flow does not include dividends.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And the dividend, I know it's a stub, but the dividend is going to be just a lot higher, right, because of the extra shares that are out there? The cash dividend.
Dave Dunnewald: We'll pay about nearly 30% more dividend specifically related to issuing the additional shares.
Bryan Spillane: Right.
Dave Dunnewald: And we -- that's not on top of, but it's also important to note that we have said that we will maintain the same dividend at, what do you call it, same dividend as cash per share quarterly amount.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. It will make the cash flow between now and the time the deal closes, it's just going to eat up a little more cash flow. It will definitely have a dampening effect on the cash flow?
Dave Dunnewald: Well, it will be essentially, to call it simple math, would be additional dividends minus whatever interest income we earn on those cash balances, in anticipation of closing the transaction.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, and then the next question, just on the interest expense expectation that you gave, ex MillerCoors, is that also net of whatever income you're expecting from the proceeds that are hung up on the balance sheet now?
Dave Dunnewald: The interest expense and the other guidance metrics that we gave you on the earlier call are all excluding any impacts from the pending MillerCoors transaction.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. So the interest that you're going to earn, that you should earn on the cash that you're holding onto now is not netted against that $110 million guidance?
Dave Dunnewald: That's correct.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. So what we will see, I guess, just thinking, you should earn interest in the first quarter that would help negatively offset some of that expense, right?
Dave Dunnewald: Yes, some of it. As you know, short-term interest rates are still very, very low, but we'll definitely do our best for our shareholders on that.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. No, based on the Bank of America stock price, it seems like interest rates are going to stay low forever. Okay. And then just in terms of the, there's some items -- I just want to get some clarification on some of the items that were puts and takes to 2015 and how they wraparound to 2016. So for instance, in terms of the lost licenses in Canada, the Miller brand, that goes -- when does that completely anniversary?
Dave Dunnewald: March of 2016. End of March. We'll have a bit of a comparison issue there in the first quarter, although it's a relatively small quarter, but nonetheless, a bit of a comparison challenge there, specifically related to that contract, and then that's it.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, and then the other ones, just in terms -- I'm just trying to make sure that I capture the stuff that wraps around. That's the most meaningful one that will affect 2016?
Dave Dunnewald: Right. We've cycled all the other contracts already.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, okay. And then in the $50 million to $70 million of cost savings that you talked about for the next two years, does that include the benefit from closing -- like you did a brewery closing in the UK. Does it also at all -- I guess Vancouver hasn't happened yet. I'm just trying to understand is that, like how much of that $50 million to $70 million includes the wrap-around benefit for some of the things that occurred in 2016, or is that all truly incremental to what's already in motion?
Dave Dunnewald: Well, one of our cost savings initiatives spread over multiple years, particularly as they pertain to things like supply chain, sometimes procurement. What I would say is the $50 million to $70 million isn't, call it, increased results from, call it, additional or upsized cost savings initiatives, and it would -- essentially the $50 million to $70 million would include all of our cost savings that we expect to achieve in the next couple of years outside of MillerCoors and outside of the MillerCoors transaction.
Bryan Spillane: Okay and then just the last one, just pension expense, I didn't quite catch it on the call. The incremental pension expense in 2016 versus 2015?
Dave Dunnewald: So the pension expense number, approximately $17 million, down from $40 million in 2015, and that's a funded status of about 97%, so call it the gap, if you will, is only about $160 million on a $4 billion-plus base. And if we're looking for cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans, we're anticipating $45 million to $65 million in 2016, down from a much higher number of $250 million, because we are not planning to make a discretionary contribution to our UK plans this year, as we did last year. I would hasten to add that includes -- both of those numbers I gave you, actually all of them, are related to pensions, includes our 42% of MillerCoors pension.
Bryan Spillane: And maybe just one last one related to pensions, and I'll turn it over. Just when you merge, when Miller -- assuming that MillerCoors and Molson Coors merge, is there any pension remeasurement that happens at MillerCoors, that would either cause a step-up in cash or a step-up in expense?
Dave Dunnewald: There may be some adjustments that need to be done related to purchase accounting, but I'm not going to speculate on what those would do at this point.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Vivien Azer of Cowen. Your line is open.
Vivien Azer: So I just wanted to follow up on Bryan's question in terms of just a phasing of different cash items. So when you offered your preliminary guidance for the fourth quarter a couple weeks ago, you raised the free cash flow target because of benefits from working capital, both for Molson Coors as well as MillerCoors. How do we think about that going forward? Does that need to unwind?
Dave Dunnewald: So I guess the main point there is the free cash flow upside versus our original guidance was not -- did not have significant timing, call it, differences or timing effect in it between 2015 and 2016.
Vivien Azer: Okay. Perfect. Perfect. That's helpful. Is there anything else that you want to call out from a lapping perspective?
Dave Dunnewald: Related to working capital? You mean related?
Vivien Azer: Yes, distribution.
Dave Dunnewald: I would say that a couple of things. We did do some small bolt-on transactions in 2015. Not going to try to predict what might be -- what we might be doing in 2016, but you need to be aware of that. You do have the higher dividends, which we talked about earlier, and working capital, you probably recall. We had particularly three main years, 2012, 2013 and 2014, where we had some major working capital projects going on, and really had some nice results. And we continue to work on working capital, reducing our working capital, but it does become somewhat more difficult over time to come up with additional improvements in working capital. But you can tell from 2015 we still achieved some, but let's say the low-hanging fruit were largely picked back in 2012 through 2014, and we'll keep working on it. But I just wanted to highlight that for you.
Vivien Azer: Got it. That's perfect. Thank you. In terms of Miller Lite in the U.S. and the quarterly result there, can you quantify how much the launch of the steinie bottle, how much of an impact that had?
Dave Dunnewald: No, but I would say that it's yet another step in the process of really, how do you say, tapping into the authentic roots of that brand, so it's a very -- anyway, it's going great. And it is a limited time bottle, but it went well enough that you may see it again. The other thing Kevin mentioned is related to free cash flow. It also mentioned we do have some FX headwinds in 2016, which would be incremental to what we saw in 2015, based purely on the FX rates at the end of January.
Vivien Azer: Okay. Perfect. Got it. In terms of the FX impacts that you are experiencing in Europe, if I contrast the magnitude of the hit that you are getting on the top line versus the bottom line, obviously this moves around for everybody, but order of magnitude, there was a pretty big disconnect in the fourth quarter. Is there anything transactional that would have driven that?
Dave Dunnewald: Well, yes. What you're dealing with in Europe is a lot of currencies. In Canada, it's relatively simple math. You can go look at your Bloomberg terminal and get a sense of the translational impact, and then, okay, you know about the kinds of hedging activity that we do to mitigate that to some extent. But in Europe you have lots of currencies. You have inputs in not only USD-denominated currencies and some in Euros. It's a much more complex equation in Europe. If you're not seeing a one-on-one trade across, for example, how the Euro is performing versus the U.S. dollar, one reason is a big chunk of our business is in the UK, so actually the pound is very important there, as well as other currencies on lots of those Central European countries. I think that's why you're not seeing a one-for-one relationship, the way you might see it in Canada.
Vivien Azer: Okay. But this quarter, the impact to your pre-tax income was far less significant than it was to sales. Is that a relationship that can persist, or those two numbers should normalize, come in line together over time?
Dave Dunnewald: I'm not going to forecast it for you, but I would say that the performance of the UK pound was very critical in that. I would say we also had a lot of factors between net sales. I'm not sure whether you're looking at a constant currency, the constant currency pretax numbers versus the net sales constant currency numbers we gave you. But actually, let's see. In fact, why don't I just look at those? You've got pretax impact on the, call it for the full year, or were you just looking at the quarter? Okay. I think you were looking at the quarter.
Vivien Azer: I was.
Dave Dunnewald: On a constant currency basis, there was a bit of a disconnect. I can't really give you a forecast on that, but there are a lot of moving parts within the business units, and different things denominated in different currencies and that sort of thing.
Vivien Azer: Got it. And sticking with Europe, your guidance for single-digit inflation in terms of COGS per hectoliter, you're coming off a pretty deflationary 2015. So what's going to drive that inflection? Is it just the comp itself, or is there something else going on?
Dave Dunnewald: Let me take the headline on that and David can add some additional color if we need to. The Europe guidance being up low single digits versus, I think it was down low single digits last year, one of the big drivers of that was last year, we had two major contracts going away, both of which, how do you say, reduced the dollars on the COGS line. By the way, they also reduce the dollars on net sales revenue line, as well. But without having any impact on the volume. So if you're looking at COGS per hectoliter, then the dollars last year went down, partially due to those contracts. David, is there anything else you would add in Europe, specifically related to last year versus this year on the COGS?
David Heede: Yes. So in terms of commodity pricing, commodity pricing has fallen, but we do have hedging programs in place, which has dampened that effect. Commodity pricing is a relatively small part of COGS in Europe, and Central Europe in particular. So those other costs are increasing. What I would just draw your attention to, in addition to what Dave mentioned around the contract sales, we are trying to premiumize the portfolio, so an example of that would be quarterly going into the UK, and at the same time, we are trying to fund higher premiumization of our portfolio, along with innovation. So that's all within that low single-digit increase.
Vivien Azer: That's very helpful. Thanks a bunch.
Dave Dunnewald: Thanks, Vivien. One other thing I was going to add is when I look at the constant currency percent change on sales versus pretax, I really don't see much difference at all. So I think -- anyway, but there are a lot of moving parts, as I mentioned earlier, when you're working your way from net sales down to pretax in Europe.
Vivien Azer: Definitely. We'll do our best on the currencies. Cross our fingers
Dave Dunnewald: And we'll do our best to help. Thanks, Vivien.
Operator: Your next question is from Robert Ottenstein of Evercore. Your line is open.
Robert Ottenstein: Great. Thank you very much. I was just wondering if you could revisit with us your long-term plans, in terms of giving cash back to shareholders. Once this transaction is consummated, you're going to be generating enormous amounts of cash. Obviously, you're going to have some deleveraging. You ought to be able to delever pretty quickly. Number one, roughly, how long do you think you'll keep the dividend flat? And going forward, do you -- would you go back to your old policy of growing the dividend with EBITDA, I believe? How should we think about long-term return of cash to shareholders between dividends and share buybacks?
Dave Dunnewald: Thanks, Robert. Let's see, so our approach to capital allocation has not changed. We still have the same three buckets we've been talking about for years. We have the first one being returning cash to shareholders. Second, balance sheet strength. Third, growth opportunities. MillerCoors is clearly in the last bucket growth opportunity. Second bucket, balance sheet, with the financing associated with the MillerCoors transaction, assuming completion in the second half of this year. That's going to be a primary area of focus for us for a while. First bucket of returning cash to shareholders, as you know, we suspended our buyback program for now, and we also have said that we're going to hold our cash quarterly dividend at the rate that it currently is, for the time being. So to your specific question, we said until our debt repayment is well under way, and I guess, beyond that -- I'm sorry. You have mentioned what about the old target of annual trailing EBITDA payout ratio. We have had that in place for, what, a couple of years now, and we are suspending that for the time being, again, while we focus primarily on paying down debt. And we'll revisit both things like the dividend and the payout ratio and buybacks at the appropriate time. But right now, we need to focus primarily on paying down debt. That is not to the exclusion of the other bucket obviously, because we're maintaining the dividend, and we have said that we will continue to look at bolt-on acquisitions, for example, in the last bucket as needed, as well, and we need to make sure that our pensions are properly funded, although you can tell by the numbers we mentioned earlier that they are at approximately 97% funded status at this point. Does that help?
Robert Ottenstein: Not really, but I guess that's probably all you can say at this point.
Dave Dunnewald: Yes, I think -- sorry, Robert. You're right. In other words, I can't tell you exactly when we'll get back.
Robert Ottenstein: I understand. I don't mean to give you a hard time. I appreciate where you're coming from.
Dave Dunnewald: Great.
David Heede: Robert, its David speaking. Our focus will be deleveraging, and the reason that is our focus is, it's very important to us that we retain that investment-grade status. So in the near term, that will be our priority.
Dave Dunnewald: And the other thing, Robert, I would add, while I can't tell you exactly what our timing will be in the future, I think you have a pretty good sense of what our priorities are, and a pretty good sense of our track record. For example, coming out of the StarBev transaction, the kinds of debt levels we have, the kinds of -- I think we've put some real energy around a disciplined, balanced approach to returning cash to shareholders, while still growing the business and ensuring that our balance sheet is strong. If you look at some of the steps in the last few years coming out of the StarBev transaction, I think you'll at least see how we think about these things.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Brett Cooper of Consumer Edge Research. Your line is open.
Brett Cooper: A couple of quick ones. I think in the past you've given this to us. Can you give us the break-out generally of pension expansion, COGS, and MG&A?
Dave Dunnewald: Yes. It varies by the business unit because pension follows the people, and so we don't give specific numbers. But yes, if you think about where the labor sits, so for example, in the U.S. business, you're going to have greater exposure to -- sorry, a higher percent of the total pension expense flowing through COGS, and in some places in Europe, for example, you would have a higher percentage going through MG&A, because you have a bunch of entreed [ph] sales people that are in the legacy pension plan there, for example. But we can't give you specific percentages. There have been some indications in the 10-K in previous years, when there were pension curtailments and so forth. You could look for those. It will vary quite a bit by segment.
Brett Cooper: Okay. One thing I just want to check on Canada, when you gave the STR numbers, that's on a comparable basis for selling days, right?
Dave Dunnewald: Right. We did not mention any selling day differences when we provided the Canada STR number. All we did was give you a view that excluded the Miller brands because obviously that's a change in business.
Brett Cooper: But in theory, there's one less day in January, right? I'm wondering, the U.S. number you always give is selling day adjustments. I just wanted to know what you did in Canada.
Dave Dunnewald: Well, we generally give selling day adjusted numbers in the US, and that's it. Generally speaking, we don't adjust the other businesses. But you're right. Sometimes there's -- there are some differences in when for example our customers can either -- well, when they could buy the beer, or depending on which province you're in, for example, whether it's Ontario or Quebec, or when we can ship the beer to retailers, if you're talking about -- that would be Quebec and then Ontario would actually be consumer impact. So there can be some variations there. I guess what I would say is, whenever you're looking at a short time period, like January, only for a couple of the business units we tried to give you a little bit more, five weeks, that those short time periods can have a great deal of volatility, and not only because of things like how the days line up in the calendar, which they do matter, actually, to weather, for example. Or the timing of the Super Bowl. That was actually a large impact in the U.S. business, not in the numbers we gave you, because we gave you the numbers through the Super Bowl, both years. If we only look at January, that would have been a significant factor.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Vivien Azer of Cowen. Your line is open.
Vivien Azer: A little bit of a nitpickier question, but in Mark's prepared remarks in the press release, he said positive net pricing globally, as well as in most of our major markets. Is there a callout where you didn't get positive pricing?
Dave Dunnewald: Well, we did get positive net pricing, as you're aware, in MillerCoors. You also know that we got some positive pricing in Europe. We talked about that, and in Canada. Those would all be in local currency. But within some of those markets and within some of our other -- like the MCI business, there are some markets where we've got some mix impacts, and so forth. So there are some countries within those units that, well, specifically in places like Europe and MCI, where we did not have positive pricing.
Vivien Azer: Okay. That's fair.
Dave Dunnewald: We don't identify specific countries by price, for example.
Vivien Azer: But wherever you didn't get the positive price, you feel like that's transitory in nature? Or is there one market that's structurally challenged from either a pricing or a mix perspective?
Dave Dunnewald: I would say that we're not concerned with the pricing in those markets that were negative. As you know, we've had a lot of challenges in Serbia, for example, related to things like floods and the economy and a few competitive brands sorts of challenges and so forth. That's a market where I think we're in a much better place than we were a couple of years ago, and we're working, we feel good about where we are in all the countries, even the ones where we've got some pricing challenges. That's just life in the global beer business.
Vivien Azer: Sure, sure. And then just last one, on MCI, how do we think about the cadence on the, not necessarily startup costs, but you called out higher investments in newer markets. I assume that's in part Colombia. How do we think about the phasing that over the course of 2016?
Dave Dunnewald: In Colombia, we're not going to be able to give you specifics on how we phase intros into markets, but Colombia is an important South American beer market. The weather there has less seasonality to it than places like Canada, so that's a good thing. But we'll manage the investment in, for example, Colombia, within the context of the overall MCI plan, which includes getting to profitability, less FX since 2013, but getting the profitability in 2016.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have no further audio questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Dunnewald.
Dave Dunnewald: Great. Thanks, Lori. In closing, I would like to thank all of you for your interest in Molson Coors, and for joining us today. If you have additional questions that we did not cover during our time today, please call Kevin Kim or me on our direct lines, or at the main line at Molson Coors, which is 303-927-BEER or 927-2337. Thank you again, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dave Dunnewald - IR Mark Hunter - President and CEO Gavin Hattersley - CFO Molson Coors & CEO of Miller Coors Stewart Glendinning - CEO Canada Simon Cox - CEO Europe Kandy Anand - International CEO
Analysts: Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company Ian Shackleton - Nomura Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs John Faucher - JP Morgan Bryan Spillane - Bank of America Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolas Rob Ottenstein - Evercore Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research Pablo Zuanic - SIG Andrew Holland - Societe Generale
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Now, I will turn the call over to Dave Dunnewald, Global Vice President of Investor Relations for Molson Coors.
Dave Dunnewald: Thank you, Liam and good morning to everyone on our earnings conference call today. Before we begin, I want to paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of our discussions today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what we project today, so please refer to our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. Our company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call today and from time-to-time by the company's executives in discussing our company's performance, please visit the company's Web site, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. As you know Anheuser-Busch InBev announced yesterday, a further extension of it possible offer for all of the outstanding share capital of SABMiller and there has been some related press speculation that mentions Molson Coors. As a matter of policy Molson Coors does not comment on market rumors and we will not be discussing AB InBev SABMiller situation on our call this morning, including during the Q&A session at the end. We will devote our time this morning to our third quarter financial results, then outlook for the balance of 2015. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Dave. Hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call. And we really appreciate you joining us today. With me on the call this morning, I have Gavin Hattersley, the CFO of Molson Coors and the CEO of Miller Coors, Stewart Glendinning, our Canada CEO, Simon Cox, our CEO of European; Kandy Anand, our International CEO; Sam Walker, our Chief Legal and People Officer; Brian Tabolt, our Controller; and obviously Dave Dunnewald, you just heard from our VP of Investor Relations. In the third quarter our worldwide volume increased 0.7% driven by strong growth in Europe and International. Underlying earnings were lower due to unfavorable foreign currency, increased brand investments and the termination of our Miller brands agreement in Canada and the Modelo brands in Heineken brewing contracts in UK earlier this year. We increased gross margins and consolidated business bases driven by the U.S. and Europe. We invested more in our brands in all over businesses except international, where lower marketing was primarily due to the substantial restructuring of our China business this year. In the quarter we continue to transform our portfolio toward above-premium, craft and cider. We expanded the depth and reach of our international brands in fast-growing markets and we increased our commercial capability. We also continued to drive meaningful cash generation and disciplined cash and capital allocation. More specifically, in the U.S. Miller Coors achieved its best quarterly performance in premium lights in three years as well Coors Light and Miller Light built momentum and grew share of the segment. We continue to roll out Coors Light's new visual identity and Miller Light launched this tiny bottle and grew quarterly volume for the second time in the past year. Outside of the U.S. and Canada Coors Light grew strongly, and we'll soon launch our largest global brand into the highly profitable Columbian market. Miller Coors is the ninth acquisition of the majority interest in the Saint Archer Brewing Company, a San Diego based brewer of award winning craft sales and this acquisition will further strengthen our global craft portfolio which grew nearly 10% in the third quarter. The integration of the Rekorderlig cider business into our UK and Ireland portfolio has gone well and our global cider portfolio grew a low single digit rate in the quarter. We continue to restructure our business to ensure we're fit for the future, including the restructuring of our China business the planned closure of the Miller Coors Eden brewery next year following the closure of our Alton UK brewery in May of this year. And importantly we've reached an agreement to sell our Vancouver brewery which will allow us to build a more efficient and flexible brewery in British Columbia. Other third quarter performance headlines are as follows, worldwide volume increased 0.7% driven by Europe and International and despite the impact of the termination of the Miller brands agreement in Canada and the Modelo brands contract in the UK. Coors Light volume grew 1% globally driven by nearly 20% volume growth outside of the U.S. and Canada. Our net sales per hectoliter decreased 2.3% in constant currency, driven by mix changes within our Europe and International businesses, including the impact of terminating the Modelo brands and Heineken contract-brewing agreements in the UK. And we grew net pricing in the U.S., Canada and Europe in local currency. Constant currency net sales increased 0.7% due to higher volume in Europe and International along with the positive net pricing in Canada and Europe. By adding an effect of foreign currency, reported net sales declined 12.9%. Underlying pre-tax income of $295.4 million was down 10.9% but decreased 1.7% on a constant currency basis, with the key drivers being increased brand investment and the well documented contract terminations. Underlying after-tax income decreased 4.3% driven by unfavorable foreign currency, higher brand investments and terminated contracts. And these factors were partially offset by higher volume positive net pricing a lower tax rate and the results of the cost savings initiatives. U.S. GAAP net income from continuing operations increased $49.4 million from year ago due to lower brand impairment charges this year in Europe. We incurred impairment charges of 275 million this quarter related to some of our Europe brands including the Allen brand because of continued economic and competitive challenges and increased discount rates across the region we have also changed the accounting treatment of these brands from investment lives to definite lives which we expect to increase amortization expense by approximately $50 million per year based on current foreign exchange rates. Underlying EBITDA in the quarter was $420.2 million, a 10.4% decrease from a year ago, driven almost entirely by unfavorable foreign currency investments. Year-to-date underlying EBITDA was $1.104 billion than 7.7% from a year ago. We also continued to implement our four year 1 billion stock buyback program with $50 million of cash used in the third quarter to repurchase more than 689,000 flat e-common shares from July through early October. Please note that in August we committed another $50 million of cash to be used for stock repurchases during the fourth quarter under accelerated share repurchase program.  In terms of regional highlights U.S. underlying pretax income decreased 7.5% due to lower volume including a reduction in distributor inventories versus the year ago and continued softness in our economy portfolio along with higher investments and brands and technology as discussed on our last earnings call. These factors were partially offset by positive net pricing and mix supply chain cost savings and lower brewing, packaging, material and fuel costs. One significant news item from Molson Coors was the appointment of Gavin our CEO in September. Gavin has quickly taken actions across a number of areas to energized and focus the entire organization. Coors Light and Molson Light both grew shares of segment and improved volume trends in the third quarter versus the first half of this year. And meanwhile Miller Light and Coors Banquet grew volume and overall market share. The U.S. portfolio of transformation towards the above premium segment continues with lead brands Blue Moon, Belgian White, Leinenkugel and The Redd’s Family each growing the volume.  Through Tenth and Blake, the leading craft grow in the U.S. Miller Coors expanded its growing craft portfolio with the acquisition of Saint Archer Brewing which was completed in October. We are excited about the growth opportunity offered by this Saint Archer brands which represent a variety of sales that complimentary to the current Tenth and Blake portfolio. Including some outstanding Shandy [ph] ales. The U.S. team also announced the plan closure of its Eden, North Carolina, brewery. In Canada underlying pretax income decreased 5.4% in constant currency primarily due to the negative impact of terminating a Miller brands agreement at the end of March of this year. The fact of lowered volume in the quarter was partially offset by positive pricing and substantial cost savings including the impact of unfavorable foreign currency underlying earnings declined by 18.9%. Canada sales to retail our STRs decline 4.9% primarily due to the termination of the Miller contract. Excluding the Miller brand our STRs decline by 0.5% of 1%. In Coors brands Coors Light and Molson Canadian volumes declined in the quarter. But trends improved versus the second quarter as we rolled out the advertising and commercial executions for Coors Light. And about premium Coors Banquet delivered strong volume and share growth in the third quarter as did Mad Jack Apple Lager, Molson Canadian Cider and Strongbow Cider along with our Granville Island and Creemore craft brands. In Europe, underling pretax income increased 7.1% in constant currency driven by higher sales volume positive pricing and lower costs. Despite the loss of the Modelo and Heineken contracts in the UK this year and the release of our regulatory reserve last year. Europe underlying pretax income decreased 6.7% in the quarter due to the impact of unfavorable foreign currency. Sales volume increased in 9 of 11 countries and for 8 of our 11 lead brands in the region. Excluding the loss of the Modelo brands the UK market would also have increased volume in the quarter. Equally encouraging areas of Croatia, Bosnia and Serbia that were affected by severe flooding a year ago continued to recover. In Coors brands Carling trends improved, primarily on the year and on Staropramen Bergenbier grew volume and segment share in their core markets. Our craft and above premiums portfolio continued to perform well with Coors Light, Doom Bar and Cobra [ph] all achieving strong growth in the quarter as did above premium Staropramen outside of Czech Republic.  Our international business again delivered double digit volume growth in the third quarter driven by triple digit volume growth in India and double digit growth for Coors Light in Latin America. India’s growth was due to strong performance of our existing India business and our acquisition of Mount Shivalik Breweries earlier this year. Due to higher volume in India and Latin America along with lower MG&A we ended the quarter with a $600,000 improvement and international's underlying pre-tax loss versus a year ago, or a $1.8 million improvement excluding the impact of foreign currency movements. Now, I'll turn over to Gavin to give additional third quarter financial highlights and perspective on the rest of 2015, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Mark and hello, everybody. Underlying free cash flow for the first three quarters of 2015 totaled $476.8 million which represent a $289.3 million decrease versus the same period last year. This decrease was primarily driven by lower underlying after-tax income, negative foreign currency and less benefit from working capital changes, including higher cash paid for taxes. Our year-to-date free cash flow included the following factors, $461.5 million of operating cash flow and $279.9 million of net add-backs for our discretionary UK pension contribution in January. Settlements of interest swaps the cash impact of special items and Miller Coors investments in businesses. Investing cash outflows included $208.3 million of capital spending. Our underlying free cash flow included $1.088 billion of cash distributions from Miller Coors and $1.145 billion of cash invested in Miller Coors. A detailed reconciliation of our underlying free cash flow is available in our earnings release distributed this morning. Total debt at the end of the third quarter was $3.002 billion and cash and cash equivalents totaled $393.6 million, resulting in net debt of $2.609 billion, which is lower than a year ago, primarily driven by foreign currency movements and debt pay down. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the quarter. Looking forward to the balance of 2015, the following full year forward guidance is unchanged from the last quarter. Although we’re not changing our 2015 underlying free cash flow target of $550 million plus or minus 10%. We currently expect our results for the year to be in the upper half of this range and that is between $550 million and $605 million. And we expect our 2015 MG&A expense in Corporate to be approximately $110 million. We are revising the following full year guidance. First we now expect capital spending to be approximately $275 million down from $300 million previously largely driven by foreign currency movements. Second we expect our consolidated net interest expense to be approximately $110 million versus $120 million previously driven by favorable foreign currency and interest rates. Third, we now expect cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans to be approximately $300 million in 2015, including our 42% of Miller Coors contributions at today's exchange rates. This was revised from the previous guidance of $300 million to $320 million primarily due to foreign currency movements. Fourth, we now anticipate 2015 pension expense of approximately $23 million, including our portion of Miller Coors. And fifth, we now anticipate that our full year 2015 underlying effective tax rate will be in the range of 14% to 16% down from 18% to 22% previously due to the favorable resolution of uncertain tax positions and other tax benefits. After this year, we still expect our underlying tax rate to be near the low end of our long-term range of 20% to 24% for the next few years, assuming no further changes in tax laws, settlement of tax audits or adjustments to our uncertain tax positions. In 2015 cost outlook, we now expect our full year cost savings to be near the upper end of the $40 million to $60 million range that we've been targeting. By region we continue to expect Europe cost of goods sold per hectoliter to decrease to the low single digit rate this year in local currency and International business cost of goods sold to decrease at a low double digit rate per hectoliter. We now expect Canada cost of goods sold per hectoliter in local currency to increase at a low single digit rate down from the annual guidance of mid-single digit last quarter, driven by lower brewery and distribution costs. And Miller Coors now expects 2015 cost of goods sold per hectoliter to be approximately in line with or slightly below the year before. This is previous guidance of in line. This change is driven by lower packaging commodity and fuel costs. And finally regarding the profit and cash headwind from foreign currency that we expect this year, if we apply foreign exchange rates at the end of October to our results for the fourth quarter of 2014, it would reduce underlying pretax earnings for that period by approximately $10 million and the impact on cash would have been even larger. By adding the foreign exchange impact on pretax results for the first three quarters of this year, we arrive at a full-year foreign currency impact of nearly $70 million versus our 2014 consolidated pretax results. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Mark for outlook, wrap up and the Q&A. Mark?
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Gavin. In addition to the foreign currency headwind that Gavin just mentioned our results in the fourth quarter of this year will continue to be affected by determination of major business contract which we anticipate will have a full year 2015 profit impact of $40 million pretax. Additionally, we plan to significantly step up our portfolio investments in the balance of this year particularly in the U.S. and Canada. These investments will have a negative impact in the fourth quarter bottom line results, but we expect them to provide benefits long term as we focused on delighting our consumer and our customers to ensure we are the first choice brewer in the geographies and segments where we choose to play. Regionally in the U.S. we are driving three key priorities. Job number one is to transform our portfolio and reignite volume growth we are targeting getting our volume trends to flat in 2018 and growth in 2019 for the first time since Miller Coors was formed, and to that we have three focus areas. Firstly, taking share and growing our American Light Lagers Coors Light and Miller Light. As part of the Coors Light overhaul [Audio Gap]. Secondly, continue to the premimize portfolio and further developed [Audio Gap], examples include the successful launches of Blue Moon White IPA and Leinenkugel Grapefruit Shandy this year as well as the acquisition of some [Indiscernible] excellent craft brand and suddenly we've began the process of simplifying un-clarifying our below premium portfolio offering.  Job number two is to improve our commercial capability including winning in non-premise and increasing the relevance of our brands in this critical channel, where brands are built, and job number three is to ensure that our cost base is competitive and fits for the future including closing our Eden brewery next year. Consistent with our priorities we intend to invest significantly in our brands and information technology in the fourth quarter including beginning of fuse of enterprise system ramp up starting of this Shanondor brewery. We continuously expect our U.S. underline operating margins for full year 2015 to be relatively flat versus prior year. We would be disciplined, decisive and accountable and remain laser focused on growing our business in the United States from transforming then Miller Coors portfolio.  In Canada we continue to invest in our core brands and above premiums including craft, imports and flavored malt beverages. In core brands in the advertising campaign and increased focus on commercial execution on Coors Light are showing early positive signs particularly in our highest share regions. Initial consumer response to our latest advertising created for Molson Canadian has been also been positive. In the fourth quarter we are again investing aggressively in these programs. And above premium our portfolio is benefiting from the strong performance of Coors Banquet Mad Jack Apple lager, Rickard’s Radler and Molson Canadian Cider brands along with Dos Equis, Tecate, Sol and Strongbow. Belgian Moon is also performing well after three months in the Canada market. In Europe determinate Modelo and Heineken contracts Miller Coors continues to present a headwind in the fourth quarter as well in the amortization expense for the brands we impaired this quarter and moved to definite life. In some Europe markets we continue to see consumer migrations to all new brands and increased competitive pricing. We’ll continue to invest in a core brand portfolio across Europe to ensure that these brands remain relevant and contemporary for our consumers. In the third quarter the majority of our lead brands grew volume including Ozujsko, Staropramen, Bergenbier and Borsodi. In the balance of this year our Europe theme will be ramping up for the full repay attrition of the Staropramen brand into the UK starting on January the 1st.  Additionally, we are implementing significant new initiatives to further improve the efficiency and efficiency of our European operations and provide more resources to invest in driving top line and bottom line growth. As the most recent example we announce earlier this week that we have made a proposal and entered into consultation process in the UK to close our Burton South brewery and consolidate production with another recently modernize Burton North brewery by the end of September 2017.  Our international business is focused on attaining profitability in 2016 on a constant currency basis and accelerating our overall growth and expansion in new and existing markets. We’ll continue to drive rapid growth for Coors Light develop Coors 1873 in Latin America, including introducing new brands to consumers in the high potential Columbia market. We will also continue to build in Staropramen's momentum in greater Europe and rapid growth on our existing India business with the growth from our newly acquired Mount Shivalik Breweries operation. Finally, here are the most recent volume trends reached of our businesses early in fourth quarter. In U.S. through October 31st STRs decreased at low single digit rate. In Canada through October 31st SPRs were down low double digits excluding the Miller brands last year our Canada SPRs decreased a high single digit rates. In Europe, October sales volume was down mid-single digits partially due to loss of the Modelo brands in the UK.  Our international sales volume including royalty volume increased at double digit rate in October. Now as always please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and frames could change in the weeks ahead. So to summarize our discussion today, in the third quarter, we grew our worldwide volume and constant currency net sales, increased our gross margins and invested significantly more in our brands. Underlying earnings, however, were lower due to unfavorable foreign currency and the termination of contracts this year. There has been a great deal of news flow around the global beer category in recent weeks. Notwithstanding this, our organization remains focused on our strategy of driving brand-led profit growth, meaningful cash generation and disciplined cash and capital allocation. We remain resolute on utilizing PACC as our key business-decision framework, using our cash to reward investors and ensure a healthy balance sheet, reducing costs to provide front-end firepower, and making smart investments to deliver value enhancing growth opportunities. Our strategy is underpinned by highly engaged, passionate and inspired people with the ambition to be First Choice in the eyes of our consumers and customers. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, just first the few personal comments about Gavin, as he transitions really to the CEO role within MillerCoors. This is Gavin's 15th quarterly earnings call. And I think everybody has come to recognize this transparent and productive relationships with both our analysts and investor communities. He's been an integral part of the Molson Coors strategy and progress over the last three years, and the good news is that Gavin will remain a member of our executive team here at Molson Coors. So, Gavin, from me, just a big personal thank you and best wishes as you become 100% focused on MillerCoors as CEO. You go with our best wishes, Gavin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you.
Mark Hunter: In order to help Gavin focus his full energy and attention on the MillerCoors business, I'm pleased to announce that our Europe CFO David Heede will be stepping into the global CFO role on an interim basis as we work to finalize the selection process for Gavin's successor here at Molson Coors. David has more than 30 years of leadership experience in many areas of our company and he's played a central role in a very successful integration of our Central Europe and UK businesses. David will have a strong global finance team supporting him. And I have every confidence that we'll not miss a beat in this critical area where we complete the global CFO search process. And then finally, as usual, our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, 1 pm Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via the recorded webcast on our website. So, at this point, Leanne, we'd like to open it up for questions please. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Vivien Azer from Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Vivien Azer: My first question has to do with the price mix in Europe, I totally appreciate that the loss of Modelo is a drag there and you called out lower contract brewing volume and negative mix. But I'm trying to kind of get a sense of what's happening kind of underneath that given your commentary on some intensified promotional activity and then a tougher competitive landscape. So, if you could just elaborate on price mix in Europe, that'd be helpful. Thank you.
Mark Hunter: I'll ask Simon to pick up on that. So, Simon, do you want to just talk to a little bit more of the detail with regard to our Europe performance?
Simon Cox: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question Vivien. When you look at our price mix, pricing across Europe is at actually 0.3% positive across the region. And so all the drag on net sales to -- net sales revenue perhaps was to do with mix. And actually you more or less correctly called out the two main drivers of that during your commentary. It is very much to do with the loss of Modelo brands in the UK and the fact that the contract manufacturing revenue is also put into our net sales revenue line but doesn’t actually attract any of the hectoliters because obviously it's not our own sales. And that has quite a significant impact on the overall NSR per hectoliter. So, there isn't too much of the color to add. But we're actually very pleased with the way the brands are performing across, both the UK and the Central European region. And so it is really pricing marginally up and mix driven by Modelo and contract manufacturing is the drag.
Vivien Azer: And just a follow-up on -- is it fair to say that more muted price increases are reasonable to anticipate just given the broader macro environment in the EU?
Simon Cox: As you know, we don't give forward guidance on pricing. But historically if you look into our performance over the last three quarters, we've issued a sensible balance I think between volume and pricing. We're orientating our portfolio much more towards maintaining strong positions in our core brands and ensuring that in pockets of value growth like cider, craft beer in the UK, premium brands, Staropramen growth in Czech Republic. These are all things that can support overall pricing growth and that's where we're orientating our portfolio. So, that's been working well for us I think over the past three quarters. And that's where we're going to focus on.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Shackleton from Nomura. Your line is open.
Ian Shackleton: Obviously, Gavin set out some targets of volume growth for MillerCoors going forward. I just wonder what assumptions around that were on pricing mix and whether we assume the lower number that you’ve been reporting today, I just have a 1% as sort of guideline, we should be expecting the future on the higher number that we've had into last couple of years?
Mark Hunter: I let Gavin get into the detail, but obviously, the principal response is we don't give any guidance with regard to future pricing. But Gavin, do you want to talk a little bit more about ambitions in terms of getting back to flat volume?
Gavin Hattersley: We do want to be flat in 2018 and grow in 2019. We’ve got a very strategy and very clear plans to achieve that. It requires significant focus on our Premium Lights brands with Coors Light and Miller Lite and we are very pleased that we in the third quarter had the best performance in those two combined brands in over three years. And it does require us to transform our portfolio more into the above-premium and get really specific about what we’re doing with our economy brands.
Mark Hunter: More broadly, I mean our medium-term guidance in terms of pricing hasn't been updated for our U.S. business. So, no color over that.
Ian Shackleton: Just a quick follow-up, I mean you've gone through last couple of years surprises and quite a few this quarter on the tax rate on the positive side, i.e., so it was coming beneath what we’d expect and we’ve got another example of that today for the full year. Could you just give us a little bit more granularity what is helping particularly in this quarter to bring down that rate?
Gavin Hattersley: Look, I mean the one thing we can't predict is when we’re going to resolve uncertain tax positions. They are uncertain for a reason and obviously we can't predict when we resolve them. And we again resolved some uncertain tax positions in the third quarter. And having said, so the large change of the reduction to 14% to 16% is related to that. And we haven't changed our longer term guidance of 20% to 24%. And in the shorter term, for example next year, we expect towards the lower end of that, that remains unchanged. If you want to get a feel for the level of uncertain tax positions that are still out there, formal SEC filings of the Qs would give you some guidance on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Judy Hong: So, just on Canada, Mark, I think I may have missed the October STR number excluding the Miller brand?
Mark Hunter: Yes, it's a high single digit decline. 
Judy Hong: Just any reason, why it was so low sequentially?
Mark Hunter: Stewart, do you want to give a little bit of a flavor as to what you're seeing in Canada coming through the third quarter and any commentary around the start of the fourth quarter?
Stewart Glendinning: Judy, overall the market was much healthier in the third quarter, benefiting from some warmer weather. Our portfolio was in a much better place. Going into the fourth quarter, nothing has changed in that portfolios, it's still robust, activity levels strong. Really the only big item in the -- in October to point out is that there is one less trading day in October but other than that there is nothing materially that’s going on in the marketplace. 
Judy Hong: So, maybe just a calendar issue, as opposed to…
Mark Hunter: The other think I would additional is, as per my prepared remarks, if you look at our STRs for the quarter, when you exclude the loss of the Miller brands, the volume is down about 0.5%. So on underlying basis, I would describe our volume performance as reasonably solid.
Judy Hong: And then Stewart, just maybe if we can get an update on your brewery optimization plan in Canada. And we've heard a little bit during the quarter in terms of the Vancouver and I think potentially maybe an update on the Montreal side. So, what are some of the updates that you can provide us with respect to the recent announcements and how you would plan to optimize and the margin impact that would have in 2016 and beyond?
Stewart Glendinning: Okay, Judy but not a lot we can say obviously on margin since we don't give any forward guidance. But good news coming out of Vancouver for sure, that was an old brewery that was going to consume a bunch of capital and we have been able to lock-in contract for sale of the property. Broadly the sale of that property will fund the construction of a new brewery. And when we move into that brewery, we should expect to see lower going forward CapEx and the lower operating costs on that brewery. In Montreal, we have a similar study underway to understand whether we should invest in the current brewery or to invest in new build. And I won’t have the answer to that question until likely early next year. Overall, I think we've got a very strong plan for reshaping the supply chain in Canada. And of course that's one of the things that's driving the estimates of savings that the Gavin's provided to the Street.
Judy Hong: Stewart, if I can just follow up, if I think about from a capacity standpoint in Canada, it seems like because you are building a new brewery in Vancouver, the capacity numbers really don’t change much in Canada despite some of the volume declines that we've seen in the last few years. Can you just comment on why you wouldn’t necessarily take out more capacity and looking at the breweries in Canada?
Stewart Glendinning: Look, I never actually spoke to the capacity to conclude whether we would take it up or take it down. What I will say is we are going to build the brewery to provide the best operating efficiencies for our company. And more importantly, what you get with a new brewery is the ability to drive a more flexible brewing. If you look at what's going on in the market today, it's important to be able to provide a wide range of brew sizes to accommodate the smaller brew stuff. I think we’ll gain a lot of from that. But you can rest assured that rightsizing our capacity is a key part of our plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
John Faucher: Question for Gavin. Gavin, you talked about -- when you talked about sort of the changes in the U.S. business, particularly on Coors Light with the focus I think on a new agency but sort of the same Rocky Mountain heritage. So, is that a sign that the message isn’t the issue, it's been the delivery of the advertising or the amount of the advertising; is there some lesson learned there that we should glean from the fact that the campaign idea generally stays exactly where it is?
Gavin Hattersley: I would say couple of things there. Obviously changing an agency not going to change the direction of the Coors Light brand. It’s the total package as it relates to Coors Light. So, our new brand identity which we launched in the second quarter and which really got completely rolled out in the third quarter is part of that being extraordinarily well-received by both distributors, customers and retailers a lot. And so we’re pleased with the performance in Coors Light which has been driven largely by that over the last couple of quarters. And as David said on this morning's call, Coors Light’s performance in the third quarter was the base that we've had for quite some time. And our new above the line marketing campaign will be focused on Rocky Mountain Cold Refreshment. There will be a different way of expressing that than you have seen in the past. And thirdly, we are putting significantly more money behind Coors Light. And we’ve put large -- meaningfully more behind Coors Light in the third quarter and we’re seeing the impact of that. So, I wouldn’t point to just any one thing but a total package of what we're doing on Coors Light, John.
Mark Hunter: John, its Mark here. The only thing I would add to that is if you look across the global footprint of Coors Light, Rocky Mountain Cold Refreshment isn’t up for debate. That's what the brand stands for that's its absolute bedrock. And we consistently dramatize that across all of the market that we execute the brand. And clearly to Gavin's point, how we dramatize it in the U.S. is going to be evolved but that will still be very much of a bringing to Light Rocky Mountain Cold Refreshment in a way that's contemporary relevant and distinct. And David Kroll this morning spoke to the need for us actually to develop campaign ideas in the U.S. that have got longevity so that we can get behind something and drive it over the medium to long-term as opposed to changing creative ideas on a annual or biannual basis. The Rocky Mountain Cold Refreshment is absolutely in the heart of what Coors Light stands for.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philipp Gusinde from MUFG. [Ph] Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. Actually I had a two-part question, if I may. The first one is with regard to the accelerated share repurchase program. Do you have any commitments beyond the $50 million that you talked about for the current quarter? And then the second question, trying to be very respectful of Dave's question, or request not to talk about any potential activity in the space, but if I may perhaps ask a more holistic question, just talking a bit about capital allocation as you have talked about in the past. If you were to state a once in a lifetime opportunity, have been Molson and Coors family ever talked about then potentially contributing new equity if that's were to be required in order to maintain an investment grade rating?
Mark Hunter: Let me try and do with both of those questions. On the first question on the share repurchase program, we’ve set out $1 billion repurchase program over four years but the majority of that towards the latter half of that program. We've confirmed what we've done in the third quarter and what's likely to happen in the fourth quarter. On our next earnings call, we will update you with regard to progress on that program. So, there is no new news with regard to our share repurchase program. With regard to capital allocations, I don’t think this call is a time or place to get into discussions about what the preferences are of the Molson or the Coors family would be. Under certain circumstances, the families have been long term investors in the beer industry, we are talking centuries here, not just quarters. And they've said that they’re very committed to the long-term vitality of our organization. So, as opportunities come and go, we'll consider them appropriately with our board but those will be confidential board discussions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Bryan Spillane: Just two questions, one is, in Europe, I think in the press release, there is a mention of, there was a reserve that was released during the quarter. Could you give us a sense of just how much of an impact that had on profit?
Mark Hunter: Do you remember the specifics? They’re released last year. Simon or David do you have that…
Simon Cox: We didn't give the specific number last year but we said that it was a factor in our results in third quarter of 2014, but no specific number’s been provided.
Bryan Spillane: And then, I guess more broadly, just as we're thinking about free cash flow, this year we had a few items that negatively affected free cash flow. I guess as we start thinking forward from here, is the Vancouver brewery -- I guess I understand that it's going to be net cash neutral once you sell the property and build but is there a period of time where that will potentially be a drag on free cash flow? And then also in terms of pensions, with interest rates still having not moved yet, or just a way the markets have behaved, is there anything that we should be thinking about in terms of pensions that might cause you to have to contribute more, again I guess next year?
Mark Hunter: Gavin, do you want to take that?
Gavin Hattersley: Sure. Look Bryan, we haven't given any guidance for 2016 and beyond on cash flow at this stage. I guess the only point that I would make is that if we did build a brewery, it would be out of multi years; you don't necessarily just build it in the one year. And I guess that's what our concern that particular point. As far as pension contributions are concerned, I think our requirements under the UK Pension Plan which for Molson Coors remains a biggest pension cash contribution area, quite clearly laid out in our financial filings. So, you can have a look at those, there Bryan. And as know, we made a one-off contribution this year, which impacts the contributions that we have to make in the IPOs. It's very clearly set on.
Mark Hunter: Gavin, just one other additional perspective. Bryan, if you look back at the changes we made our UK supply chain over the course of the last five years, I mean we've fundamentally transformed and modernized our manufacturing facilities in the UK. And we've managed to that all within what you describe as a pretty normal capital envelope within our business. We expect to be able to do something similar in Canada looking at the cash that we secure from for example Vancouver brewery [indiscernible] under requirement to continue to modernize our brewery network in Canada. So, I think our track record speaks to our ability to modernize our manufacturing facilities and do that in a way which is within a recognized capital envelope in the business.
Gavin Hattersley: One other think I'd like to just clarify there, Bryan. You said that the proceeds and the investments would offset each other but in terms of how that's disclosed in cash flow, for the proceeds from the sale of the Vancouver property would not be included in underlying free cash flow but capital investments would.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg from Stifel Nicolas. Your line is open.
Mark Swartzberg: A few questions on Canada, one just a technical one, the down high single digit comment at the Miller impact for October, what would that number be if we have it on an equal selling days basis?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, I agree with the question. Stewart, I'll be impressed if you know the answer to that, but Dave, do you want to….
Dave Dunnewald: I do, it's somewhere around 5% Bryan. But yes -- so it's right around 5% is the technical answer.
Mark Swartzberg: Okay, down 5 for the month of October excluding the Miller impact on an apples-to-apples days basis.
Dave Dunnewald: Apples-to-apples, one less trading day equates to about 4.9 something but rounded to 5, if you want.
Mark Swartzberg: And then, total brewing capacity in Canada, have you disclosed what that figure is? Can you disclose what the total brewing capacity across the country is?
Dave Dunnewald: To my knowledge, we haven't disclosed that. I think the more important thing is to recognize that as we reshape up the supply chain footprint for the country, of course you're going to be looking at what our needs are, what kind of brewing we're going to be undertaking and where best to brew it and capacity will be wrapped into that.
Mark Swartzberg: And then, I guess the last on Canada, all of you have this goal of improving above premium craft and cider performance. I think you've been very clear about how that looks here in the U.S. and there's some real progress there. I think there's progress there in Canada as well. But could you talk a little bit about more about how well positioned you are presently for that and what the trends in that component of Canada look like?
Mark Hunter: Mark, was that an MCBC question or Canada specific question? Sorry, you broke up a little bit just…
Mark Swartzberg: Yes, specific to Canada. I think we've good visibility on how you’re positioned here in the U.S. but with Canada, I was wondering how you’re positioned and how the outlook against that objective is?
Mark Hunter: I mean just in headline terms, Stewart and his team are really driving three big change initiatives across our Canadian business, partially transforming our supply chain and making sure that we really are fit for future, secondly ensuring our cost structure, again as competitive, and thirdly, we're working very hard on transforming the portfolio which includes driving further into above- premium and cider, craft et cetera. So, Steward, do you want to just give a color on the progress that made over the last couple of years and the momentum is building in that particular part of the portfolio?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, certainly Mark. I mean all of the changes primarily that have taken place have been at the top end of the portfolio. We've been -- as you know, we have The Six Pints team here, which is our equivalent in Canada of Tenth and Blake. That group with craft brands [ph] Granville, and Creemore have been driving those brands across the country, so craft portfolio growing rapidly. We also recently introduce Belgian Moon into a Canada, that reception’s been very warm with strongly encouraged by the rate of sale that we've seen in those where we’ve brought that brand into customers. And then of course, the biggest launch of all, so far has been Coors Banquet which we brought in at a premium price position and that's better than one share of the market now. So, I would say those are the big ones. On the apple side of course, we’ve got two very quick growing ciders which is the Strongbow and own Molson Canadian Cider and then this year, we launched Mad Jack, which is an apple flavored lager. So, all of those apple variants are performing strongly, all of them playing at the upper end of the market.
Mark Swartzberg: And when you think about your view of where the consumer’s going against those opportunities, is it right to think, tuck-ins and innovation and just good spending in plant against the brands that already exist there, that's how you think about executing further against that goal?
Stewart Glendinning: I think that makes a lot of sense. So I will say, it's an important just to understand the dynamics across the broad market. There are consumer needs, at every segment of the market and to exclude one at the expense of the other doesn't make sense. Premiums are huge out of our business and so that remains an important focus in innovation as well.
Mark Swartzberg: Okay, great, thank you Stewart, thanks everyone. 
Stewart Glendinning: No, I'm sorry, Bryan, I meant to mention one part of the market also. As you know, this year we've also broaden the types [ph] of brands and Dos Equis and Sol had the nice portfolio and they're also growing well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein from Evercore. Your line is open. 
Rob Ottenstein: I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about your plans and strategy for Coors Light outside of the U.S. and Canada and maybe perhaps start by giving a some sense of what percentage of Coors Light volumes are outside of U.S. and Canada; how much they grew in the quarter and on average roughly how they’re positioned pricewise outside of North America, what percentage of mainstream price in place?
Mark Hunter: So let me just give you a little bit contexts and I’ll ask Simon to talk about the Coors Light progress in the UK and Ireland and then Kandy to talk more broadly about our other international markets. We don't offer percentage of our volume, relating the proportion of Coors Light outside of North America but it's into millions of hectoliters. So, I'll give you a sense of scale. And through the quarter, we grew at 20%, outside of the U.S. and Canada. So, it's a meaningful presence as growing very rapidly. So clearly within the UK and Ireland that brand has been there now for approximately a decade. Simon, do you want to just give a flavor for the momentum you're seeing and Kandy can talk more broadly, outside of the UK and Ireland.
Simon Cox: Yes, thank you for the question. And Coors Light has been performing as one of the strongest performing brands in the market for over three years and this quarter is no exception, we've seen double-digit growth of course like in the UK and Ireland this quarter. And basically, it’s just a brand that continues to work extremely well for our consumers and on for our customers and for us. In terms of answering your question around pricing index, it tends to be priced above the mainstream. So on the on-trade, if you walk into a typical English pub, you will see calling on the bars, mainstream price, and you will Coors Light generally at a 5% to 10% premium to that. That's a similar trend into UK off-trade although of course that's a little bit more volatile, based on what tends to be quite a discount driven off-trade market. But generally, it comes under premium to mainstream pricing and in the UK and Ireland is continuing in really strong growth for us. So, very important brand in that portfolio and doing extremely well.
Rob Ottenstein: And in terms of India, can you give us a sense of what the organic volume growth was there?
Mark Hunter: Rob, why doesn’t Kandy give you a flavor for what’s happening with Coors Light and talk specifically about the India performance. Kandy?
Kandy Anand: As you know Coors Light has been engine of growth for us for several quarters in the last couple of years. It continues to grow very strong double digits with a big focus on Latin America. It grows on the back of an earlier answer that Mark gave, on Rocky Mountain Cold Refreshment. We are very much focused on that positioning. We think it relies for marketing programs, placements of coolers and working with our partners and sales execution. And we see that that growth continuing in the future. We also spoke about our excitement about our launch in Colombia which actually happens next week and they are doing that in partnership with CCC which is a joint venture of CCU in Postobón and Colombia. So that’s on Coors Light overall. In the international business, we've also -- you asked about India. On India, we’re very pleased with our progress this year. Our overall volumes have grown triple digit along with the acquisition. But just on that organic basis on the royalty [ph] acquisition our volumes are also growing double digit there. So, at this point of time, we are still under three steps that we spoke about during the June conference and continue to drive our business through that.
Rob Ottenstein: Kandy, in terms of the Coors Light pricing in Latin America, is it also a 5% to 10% premium to mainstream or is it a higher premium there?
Kandy Anand: Typically it's been a higher premium in those markets. We tend to have a pricing of on the average 20% above the mainstream. It of course varies by market, maybe a little bit less than one and more on the other but on the average we target 20ish pricing premium. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge Research. Your line is now open.
Brett Cooper: Hi, guys, a few questions. In the past, you've confirmed impairments in Europe were a function of specific brands. And then if you look at the portfolio in total, the appreciation in value of non-impacted brands offset the brands where impairments have been taken. Can we get a similar confirmation today, given the impairments in the quarter?
Mark Hunter: Sorry Brett, could you just -- there was a lot in that question. Could you just repeat that again, please, apologies.
Brett Cooper: Specifically, when you guys take impairments on the European brand, its brands specific and what you've done in the past it's that if you look at the value of Staropramen, it offsets the impairments you've taken. And since we have a new impairment today, I just wanted to make sure that that’s still the case. That the sort of the total portfolio, if you will is better off in terms of intangibles than when you bought the business?
Mark Hunter: That is correct. So, we've seen very strong performance as you pointed out, for example on Staropramen. So, that's correct yes.
Brett Cooper: Should have asked this morning but in the U.S. the business transformation expenses that you looked on 2016, those continued -- sorry, in the end of 2015 here. Those continue as you go through the transformations through 2017; is that correct or should they abate for any reason?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. That's correct, Brett. We will continue to incur meaningful BT expenses in 2016 and also in 2017 although it’s slightly lesser.
Brett Cooper: And then finally, in Canada, is actually according to your cost savings that you guys are delivering at Molson Coors excluding your share of the MillerCoors piece are coming from Canada and you are beginning to see some traction on what you are doing at Coors Light. Is there a need or desire to reinvest more of those savings to get the business back to share stability? Thanks.
Mark Hunter: Well. Brett, I think we laid that in the last quarter that our intention was to invest incrementally through the second half of this year. And I mentioned already on the call the economic engine of our businesses is the strength of our brands. So, we remain committed to invest to build our brand equity and our brand health. We outweighed our investment in Canada through the third quarter and continue to plan to do the same in the fourth quarter, so very much in line with the guidance that we gave around the second half of this year. Building the strength of our brands in Canada is an absolute priority for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic from SIG. Your line is open.
Pablo Zuanic: Good morning everyone. In your prepared remarks, you said that you are planning on working on simplifying and clarifying your value brands. So three questions on that. One, can you elaborate on what do you mean by that? I think simplifying means SKU cuts but clarifying the message? So that's one. Two as you define them, value brands would be percentage roughly of your volumes or revenues? And three, again roughly on Coors Light EBIT margin versus some of these value brands, roughly what the difference here at the gross margin level or EBIT margin that would be very helpful? Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Hi, Pablo. A lot of detail in that, Gavin, did you manage to get that...
Gavin Hattersley: I'll give a shot and if I miss anything, then somebody will correct me. From a simplification point of view, it does go to SKU simplification. We have a lot of brands in that segment and we have a lot of different packages. So simplifying that is a key focus area for us. In terms of what brands are in there, brands such as Miller High Life which has been around for over a 100 years and it's very clearly differentiated. We have brands like Keystone in that area and then we have regional brands such as Hamm. And so, making sure that we have a very clear positioning and message behind those brands is the work we're doing. The differentiation from a price point of view is it can be varied but if Coors Light and Miller Lite are in a 100, economy can be anywhere from anywhere from -- in our portfolio from 72% to 90% of that. And then from an overall portfolio point of view which I think was your other question, it is around a quarter of our portfolio would be in the below premium segment. I think I’ve covered a little.
Mark Hunter: Yes, the only other thing that Pablo asked was about our margin comparisons that we incurred like in the rest of portfolio and that’s not information we go in the public domain other than the that…
Unidentified Analyst: Understood, but just a follow-up, thank you for that. So in terms of target of reaching flat volumes, I think it was 2018 or 2019; how is this particular strategy supposed to play out? Is this a headwind or a tailwind in terms of volume growth? Because of you are guiding SKU simplifying that would mean potentially a reduction if you can clarify that please? Thanks.
Mark Hunter: So, I mean the [indiscernible] portfolio would definitely be a headwind for us in terms of achieving that that means we need to perform better on premiums and above-premiums, no question about that.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Andrew Holland from Societe Generale. Your line is open.
Andrew Holland: Just we haven't really talked so much about Europe. And I just wanted to try and distinguish between your performance in the UK and your performance in Central Europe. So, just first looking at price mix which you say was down in Europe. Is that entirely attributable to the UK and the loss of Heineken and Modelo? And can you tell me if price mix was actually up across your Central European countries, is number one. And something similar for volume, you said was up in 9 out of 11. I guess that one of two volumes were down would have been in the UK again because of the loss of Heineken and Modelo brands, can you confirm that that is the case and give us an idea of volume ex the UK?
Mark Hunter: I’ll ask Simon to talk in a little bit more detail in a second. I did cover in my prepared remarks the fact that if you strip out the loss of the Modelo volume in UK that UK business would have been in volume growth. So that was one of your specifics. We don't tend to breakout price or volume information on a market-by-market basis. So Simon, is there any additional color that you would offer you Andrew’s question?
Simon Cox: I think you've probably broadly covered it there, Mark. I mean it's a similar answer to the first question I gave that the reduction in NSR per hectoliter is all driven by the two factors of the Modelo brands in the UK and the loss of contract manufacturing. And just to explain that again, obviously the revenue from contract manufacturing goes into our net sales revenue line but the volume denominator perhaps [ph] because only pertains to our owned brand sales, so it's actually quite a significant headwind in terms of the overall what we call out as mix. If you strip that out and if you strip Modelo out, then you'd get a more positive picture. So, that's really the main explanation there. Pricing across Europe and UK was pretty similar and pretty solid. And then as Mark just alluded to, if you remove the impact of the Modelo brands, then the UK business would have also slightly grown it's volumes. So, if you triangulate that against a 5% overall increase in volume and that gives you an idea of the relative performance of Central Europe which was very positive through the quarter.
Mark Hunter: So, I think that concludes the questions. So, just on behalf of the team here at Molson Coors, I'd like to thank you all for joining us on our third quarter earnings call. And just as a reminder Dave Dunnewald will as usual be hosting a more detailed call at 1'o clock this afternoon, Dave? Yes, 1'o clock Eastern Time. So, many thanks for your interest in Molson Coors Brewing Company. And we look forward to catching up with all of you through the fourth quarter and beyond. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Hunter - CEO Gavin Hattersley - CFO Stewart Glendinning - CEO Molson Coors Canada Simon Cox - CEO Molson Coors European Kandy Anand - International CEO Sam Walker - Chief Legal and People Officer Brian Tabolt - Controller Dave Dunnewald - VP of Investor Relations
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company Ian Shackleton - Nomura John Faucher - JP Morgan Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Financial Rob Ottenstein - Evercore Pablo Zuanic - SIG Bryan Spillane - Bank of America
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time-to-time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors. Please go ahead.
Mark Hunter: Thank you, Carmen. Hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call. And many thanks for joining us today. With me on the call this morning, we have Gavin Hattersley, CFO of Molson Coors and currently the Interim CEO of Miller Coors and from Molson Coors we have Stewart Glendinning, our Canada CEO, Simon Cox, our CEO for European business; Kandy Anand, our International CEO; Sam Walker, our Chief Legal and People Officer; Brian Tabolt, our Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, our VP of Investor Relations. In the second quarter our underlying pretax earnings on a constant currency basis increased 5.9% driven by positive net pricing along with the results of cost savings initiatives. Due to higher tax rate and unfavorable foreign currency our underlying after-tax income decreased by 9.9%. We increased the gross margins in the U.S., Canada and Europe and grew net sales revenue for hectoliter in the U.S. and Canada in local currency. Overall Europe NSR per hectoliter declined in local currency, but if we exclude the impact of the terminated Modelo and Heineken contracts, NSR per hectoliter increased in all of our major Europe markets apart from Serbia.  We also expanded global underlying operating margins, driven by our U.S. and Canada businesses. In the quarter we continued to implement our strategy of driving brand-led profit growth, meaningful cash generation and disciplined cash and capital allocation. We have invested consistently behind our core brands, with for example Coors Light in the U.S. growing share of segment, we made progress in transforming our portfolio toward above-premium, craft and cider and we expanded the depth and reach of our international brands in fast-growing markets. And we have continued to increase our commercial capability. Additionally this year, we have repatriated Staropramen lager to our U.K. portfolio and purchased the Mount Shivalik Breweries business in India and the Rekorderlig cider brand distribution rights in the U.K. and Ireland. These acquisitions give us high potential platforms to grow our business in key markets. We also made a decision to substantially restructure our China business as we focused on accelerating the performance of our overall International business and we have closed our Alton brewery in the U.K. as we continue to restructure our U.K. supply chain."  Additionally, we remained resolute on utilizing PACC as our key business-decision framework, using our cash to reward investors and ensure a healthy balance sheet, reducing costs to provide front-end firepower, and placing smart bets that deliver brand-led growth opportunities. Our strategy is underpinned by highly engaged, passionate and inspired people with the ambition to be First Choice in the eyes of our consumers and our customers. This progress in the quarter was against the backdrop of continued volume pressure in our largest markets, significant impact from foreign currency movements, a higher tax rate, and terminations of business contracts in the U.K. and Canada, as previously communicated.  Other 2nd quarter performance headlines are as follows. Our net sales per hectoliter decreased 2.2% in constant currency, driven by sales mix changes within our Europe and International businesses, including the impact of terminating the Modelo brands and Heineken contract-brewing agreements in the U.K. These factors were partially offset by positive global pricing and revenue management in local currency. Constant currency net sales decreased 3.3% due to lower volume in Europe and Canada and negative mix in Europe and International, again partially offset by positive net pricing. And by adding in the additional effect of foreign currency, reported net sales declined 15.4%. Coors Light volume declined 2.3% globally, driven by declines in the U.S. and Canada, partially offset by high-single-digit volume growth outside North America. Our global craft portfolio grew volume high-single digits in the quarter, and our cider portfolio grew more than 30%. Worldwide volume declined 1.9%, including the impact of the termination of our Miller brands agreement in Canada and the Modelo brands contract in the U.K. Underlying pretax income of $327.9 million was down 0.9% but increased 5.9% on a constant currency basis. Underlying after-tax income decreased 9.9%, driven by a higher tax rate, which was cycling a large discrete tax benefit a year ago, and unfavorable foreign currency. These factors were partially offset by positive net pricing and the results of cost savings initiatives. Underlying EBITDA in the quarter was $455.3 million, a 4.4% decrease from a year ago, again due to foreign currency movements. Additionally, we began to implement our four year $1 billion stock buy-back program, with more than 672,000 Class B common shares repurchased in the 2nd quarter, and another $50 million of cash used early in the 3rd quarter for Class B stock repurchases. In terms of regional highlights, in the U.S. underlying earnings increased 8% due to lower brewing and packaging materials and fuel costs, as well as higher net pricing and supply chain cost savings. Volume was lower in a weak 2nd quarter for the U.S. beer industry. Overall, Miller Coors achieved strong financial results, along with continued progress in transforming our U.S. portfolio toward the above-premium segment. In core brands, Coors Light and Miller Lite both grew share of segment, while Coors Banquet grew volume and market share. Our Above Premium portfolio, led by Blue Moon Belgian White, Leinenkugel’s and the Redd’s family, grew in the quarter.  In Canada, underlying pretax income grew 4.3% in constant currency, due to positive pricing and mix, as well as substantial cost savings, despite the negative impact of terminating our Miller brands agreement at the end of March this year. Including the impact of unfavorable foreign currency, underlying earnings declined by 5.5%. Canada sales to retail or STRs, declined 8.1%, with the biggest individual driver being the termination of the Miller contract.  In core brands, Coors Light and Molson Canadian volumes declined in the quarter, in part due to industry weakness in their highest-share regions. In above premium, Coors Banquet delivered strong volume and share growth in the 2nd quarter, as did Mad Jack Apple Lager, Molson Canadian Cider and Strongbow Cider -- and we delivered double-digit growth from our Granville Island craft brands.  In Europe, excluding the impact of currency movements and the terminated Modelo and Heineken contracts, our Europe underlying pretax income would have increased in the 2nd quarter, driven by higher sales volume, positive pricing and lower costs. Europe business underlying income decreased 21.5% in the quarter, entirely due to the impact of unfavorable foreign currency and the terminated contracts. We were pleased to see some recovery -- and higher beer volumes -- in the areas of Croatia, Bosnia and Serbia that were badly affected by severe flooding a year ago. In core brands, Carling trends improved from earlier in the year, and Ozujsko and Bergenbier grew volume and segment share in their core markets. And our craft and above premium portfolio continued to perform well, with Coors Light, Doom Bar and Staropramen outside of Czech all achieving strong growth in the quarter. Our International business again delivered double-digit volume growth in the second quarter with triple-digit volume growth in India, due to the strong performance of our existing India business and our acquisition of Mount Shivalik Breweries earlier this year, along with double-digit growth for Coors Light in Latin America. During the quarter, as part of our International profitability goal, we announced our decision to substantially restructure our existing China business, which resulted in the recognition of $3.6 million of price promotion expense. This additional promotional expense and unfavorable foreign currency were the primary driver of the $2.1 million increase in International's underlying pretax loss versus a year ago. These factors were partially offset by higher volume and lower marketing spending. Now I'll turn to over to Gavin to give additional second quarter financial highlights and perspective on the rest of 2015. Gavin? 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Mark and hello, everybody. In financial highlights, underlying free cash flow for the first half of 2015 totaled $241.1 million which represents a $90.6 million decrease versus the first six months of 2014. This decrease was primarily driven by a lower underlying after-tax income, negative foreign currency and less benefit from working capital changes, including higher cash paid for taxes. Our first half free cash flow included the following factors, $198.1 million of operating cash flow and $248 million of net add-backs for our discretionary U.K. pension contribution in January. Miller Coors investments in businesses and the cash impact of special items. Investing cash outflows included $139.8 million of capital spending. Our underlying free cash flow included $692.9 million of cash distributions from Miller Coors and $758.1 million of cash invested in Miller Coors. A detailed reconciliation of our underlying free cash flow is available in our earnings release distributed this morning. Total debt at the end of the second quarter was $3.138 billion and cash and cash equivalents totaled $413.8 million, resulting in net debt of $2.724 billion, which is $430.4 million lower than a year ago. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results for the quarter.  Looking forward to the balance of 2015. The following full year forward guidance is unchanged from last quarter. Our annual target for underlying free cash flow is $550 million, plus or minus 10%, at July 31 foreign currency rates. We expect cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans to be in the range of $300 million to $320 million in 2015, including our 42% of Miller Coors contributions. We anticipate 2015 pension expense of approximately $27 million, including our portion of Miller Coors. We expect capital spending to be approximately $300 million. We expect our 2015 MG&A expense in Corporate to be approximately $110 million. Our consolidated net interest expense to be approximately $120 million, which is based on foreign exchange rates and hedging positions at the end of the second quarter and our 2015 underlying effective tax rate to be in the range of 18% to 22%. After this year, we expect our underlying tax rate to be near the low end of our long-term range of 20% to 24% for the next few years, assuming no further changes in tax laws, settlement of tax audits or adjustments to our uncertain tax positions.  In 2015 cost outlook, we continue to expect Canada cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a mid-single digit rate in local currency and International business COGS to decrease at a low double-digit range per hectoliter. Miller Coors, however, now expects 2015 cost goods sold per hectoliter to be approximately in-line with the year before versus pervious guidance of the low single-digit increase, with the change driven by lower fuel and commodity costs. In Europe, we now anticipate a low-single digit decrease in cost of goods sold per hectoliter this year in local currency, versus a mid-single digit decrease previously, primarily due to increased sales of higher-cost above premium brands.  And finally, regarding the profit and cash headwind from foreign currency that we expect this year: If we apply foreign exchange rates at the end of July to our results for the second half of 2014, it would reduce underlying pretax earnings for that period by more than $43 million -- and the impact on cash would have been even larger. By adding the foreign exchange impact on pretax results for the first half of this year, we arrive at a full-year foreign currency impact of more than $70 million versus our 2014 consolidated pretax results. We have taken steps in recent years to mitigate some of our foreign currency exposures via debt structures and hedging. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Mark for outlook, wrap up and the Q&A. Mark?
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Gavin. In addition to the foreign currency headwind that Gavin just discussed, our results in the balance of this year will continue to be challenged by the termination of three major business contracts, which we anticipate will have a full-year 2015 profit impact of $40 million pretax, as well as a higher effective tax rate. Additionally and importantly, we plan to significantly step up our portfolio investments across all of our businesses. These investments will have a particularly negative impact on third quarter and overall second half bottom-line results, but we expect them to provide benefits long term, as we focus on delighting our consumers and our customers to ensure we are the first choice in the geographies and segments where we choose to play.  Regionally, in the U.S., we are driving a handful of priorities. Job number one is to transform our portfolio and rediscover volume growth. And to do this, we have three focus areas. Firstly, taking share and growing our American light lagers, Coors Light and Miller Lite. As part of Coors Light's overhaul, we are rolling out a contemporary visual identity across all packaging, and we have introduced new national television advertising that emphasizes Coors Light’s Rocky Mountain heritage. Secondly, we'll continue to premiumise the portfolio and further develop Above Premium offerings that have the potential to build scale quickly and sustainably. Examples include the successful launches of Blue Moon White IPA and Leinenkugel’s Grapefruit Shandy, along with the expansion of Blue Moon Cinnamon Horchata 6-packs, as well as the introduction of Leinenkugel’s new seasonal release, Harvest Patch Shandy. And then thirdly, we will simplify and clarify our below-premium portfolio offering. Job Number Two in the US is to improve our commercial capability, including winning an on-premise and increasing the relevance of our brands in this critical channel, where brands critically are built, and finally Job Number Three is to ensure that our cost base is competitive and fit for the future. Consistent with our priorities, in the 2nd half of this year, we intend to invest significantly in our brands and information technology, and as a result we expect our US underlying operating margins for full-year 2015 to be relatively flat versus prior year. In Canada, we continue to invest in our core brands and Above Premium, including Craft, imports, cider and flavored malt beverages. For our core brands, a new ad campaign and increased focus on commercial execution on Coors Light will provide the foundation to help improve trends for our largest brand in Canada. Also, solid creative execution and integrated supporting programs for Molson Canadian, particularly related to our Anything for Hockey and Beer Fridge advertising, are starting to create a renewed bond between drinkers and our second-largest brand. In the 2nd half of this year, we plan to invest aggressively in these programs.  In Above Premium, the termination of the Miller brands contract will present a headwind for our business through to the 1st quarter of next year. Despite this, the strong performance of the Coors Banquet, Mad Jack Apple Lager, Rickard’s Radler and Molson Canadian Cider brands are influencing the transformation of our portfolio toward the above-premium segment, and our expanded partnership for the Heineken, Dos Equis, Sol and Strongbow brands is delivering volume and share. We also recently announced that Blue Moon Belgian White, the number-one selling craft beer in the United States, is coming to Canada this month as Belgian Moon.  In Europe, we will cycle the terminated Modelo and Heineken contracts in the UK for the balance of this year. The Modelo brands volume represented about 1 share point in the UK for us last year. The repatriation of the Staropramen brand rights for the UK business and securing the U.K. distribution rights for Rekorderlig cider are part of the plans we said we would execute to transform our portfolio and mitigate the impact of these contract losses. Starting in 2016, we expect these two brands to add more than 350,000 hectoliters of above Premium volume annually to our Europe business and provide attractive growth potential for the future.  In combination with the integration of the Franciscan Well craft brands in Ireland and the acquisition of the brewing and kegging operation of Thomas Hardy’s Burtonwood Brewery in England, we now have a broad range of consumer and customer offerings in the above-premium, craft and cider segments across the U.K. and Ireland. Also, we continue to invest in our core brand portfolio across Europe to ensure that these critical brands remain relevant and contemporary for our consumers. The positive momentum we are currently seeing in the Carling, Ozujsko, Bergenbier and Borsodi brands illustrates that this investment strategy is working. Additionally, we intend to explore further opportunities to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our European operations over the coming months to unlock more resources to invest in driving top-line and bottom-line growth. Our International business is focused on attaining profitability in 2016 on a constant-currency basis and accelerating our overall growth and expansion into new and existing markets. We will continue to drive rapid growth for Coors Light and develop Coors 1873 in Latin America. We will also continue to build on Staropramen’s momentum in greater Europe, recognizing that volume for this brand in the UK and Ireland will transfer at the end of this year from our International business to our Europe operation. Additionally, we will augment rapid growth in our existing India business with growth from our newly acquired Mount Shivalik Breweries operation. Finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the 3rd quarter. In the U.S. through July 25th, STRs decreased a low-single digit rate. In Canada through July 31th, STRs were down high-single digits, however excluding the Miller brands last year, our Canada STRs for this period decreased at a low single-digit rate.  In Europe in July, sales volume was up high single-digits, driven by growth in 10 out of 11 countries in the region.  Our International sales volume, including royalty volume, increased at a double-digit rate in July. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter, and trends could change in the weeks ahead.  So to summarize our discussion today, our 2nd quarter financial results reflect continued volume pressure in our largest markets, significant impact from foreign currency movements, a higher tax rate, and terminations of business contracts in the UK and Canada. We expect these headwinds to continue in the balance of this year, along with a significant step-up in our brand investments across all of our businesses, which we expect to negatively impact our short-term profit but provide longer-term benefits to our financial performance. Going forward, we will continue to implement our strategy of driving brand-led profit growth, meaningful cash generation and disciplined cash and capital allocation. Over time, we expect this strategy to help us unlock opportunities for growth in Molson Coors Brewing Company's top-line, bottom-line and long-term shareholder value. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, just a quick comment. As usual, our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, 1 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via web cast on our Web site. Additionally, we hope to see many of you at the Barclays Global Consumer Staples Conference in Boston on Thursday, September 10. So, at this point, Carmen, we would like to open it up for questions please. Thank you. Carmen?
Operator: Your first question is from the line Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Judy Hong: My first question is on Canada. So, it seems like you lost share but you’re pricing and profitability was relatively healthy. So, can you just talk a little bit about your market share performance and kind of your balancing share versus profit, it sounds like may did the investments we'll step up in the back half, so would you expect the market share performance to improve and is that really more of near term priority in Canada?
Mark Hunter: Hi, Judy. Let me offer you just a couple of comments and then Stewart can pick up on the detail. I think the encouraging thing in Canada as you mentioned is our pricing performance was strong and having now secure de-pricing performance clearly, it gives us option as we move into the second half of the year, a signal very clearly that we do intends step up the level of our commercial investments behind out portfolio. Stewart, do you want to talk about some of the priorities as we go through the second half of the year?
Stewart Glendinning: Sure, Mark. Look, Judy, we're not going to give any specific guidance on where we think share will end up. I think there is always a careful balance between share and the price. We've got the flexibility in the back half for being able to choose that, one area of note, I'd just point out is our conscious decision with Coors Light in Quebec in the second quarter to take the price up to match the 5% beers that's the one market in Canada, where the 4% beers have historically have been priced underneath to the 5% beers. So we sought to address, that was a really specific decision. In other parts of the country, we saw some fairly aggressive pricing and price spending and my team is looking at those tactics for the back half. 
Judy Hong: Okay. So would you attribute some of the market share losses to the healthy pricing and the more aggressive competition or is it sort of the ongoing challenges that you've been stating?
Mark Hunter: I wouldn't say that the answer that is, yes. There were placing where higher prices have translated into lower ship.
Judy Hong: Okay. And then Gavin just two questions for you. One is just on the U.S. and sorry, I missed the Miller Coors calls but I think one of the priorities that we're hearing more from you is just simplifying and streamlining the low premium segment and recognize that you've got a long tail there and I guess, historically some of the challenges that you've padded, just working with your distributors and making sure that you've got a plan in place. So, can you just elaborate on the plan there? And then on the financial side, the free cash flow guidance this year just remind me what’s embedded in terms of the currency impact and any other kind of puts and takes that’s changed since your last guidance?
Gavin Hattersley: Okay. So, Judy, let me take the last one first, from a free cash flow point of view, I'll just remind you that our guidance is $550 million plus or minus 10%. And we haven't been specific about the foreign exchange impact on that underlying free cash flow other than to say that the 70 million I referred to from a profit point of view, the impact from a cash point of view would be even higher than that. And if I can just remind you of some of the impacts beyond FX because obviously foreign exchange is a big part of that, but we did have our strong push on working capital in 2014, which over delivered for us and if you recall some of our larger customers paid early and then we do have a higher capital investment plans, some of the cost savings programs and we have higher cash tax payments, as our cash tax rates gets closer to our underlying tax rates. So that's really the cash flow side. And let me just talk my Molson Coors cap off and put the Miller Coors cap on. 
Mark Hunter: Below premium.
Gavin Hattersley: Below premium was the other question. Look I mean we all continue to lose share of industry and shares of segments in our economy brands and we are reviewing our long term strategy for these brands. We know we have the ability to win in the economy segment for example in 2014 and the first half of this year Steel Reserve has been up in mid-single digits, in large part due to the introduction of the Flavored Steel Reserve Alloy Series. So we're going to get sharper from our below premium economy segment point of view, we're going to simplify and I'm not ready to share those details publicly. We do have our full distributor meeting with our distributors coming up and we'll elaborate a little bit more then.
Judy Hong: Got it.
Mark Hunter: Judy, the only thing I would add, I mean your specific question was around the relationship with our distributors and below premium brands that job number one is for the team at Miller Coors to really clarify our below premium portfolio strategy and align that with our retailers, our distributors will then benefit from the impact of that clarity. That's a work in progress and Gavin and the team will be taking that to market in the near term.
Judy Hong: Got it, okay, thank you. 
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Vivien Azer with Cowen and Company.
Vivien Azer: My first question has to do with your price mix realization in Europe. I recognize that there are a lot of moving pieces as some of your previous partnerships unwind, but given the change in your COGS outlook, driven by premium mix shift can you offer a little bit more color on what your price mix or price per hectoliter realization would have looked like on an underlying basis in Europe in the quarter?
Mark Hunter: Vivien, I'll let Simon talk to the detail, just you know from a context point, one of the things I referred to in the script was actually in local currency we saw pricing growth in a per hectoliter basis. The context in Europe as we go from local currency to Euros or from sterling to Euros and then onto dollar, so it can get a little bit complex. Simon, you want to offer just a bit more detail as to how you are reading the mix across countries and across our portfolio?
Simon Cox: Yes, thanks Vivien. As Mark said when you talk across 11 countries with a fair degree of movement in some of them and the impact to contract manufacturing and the loss of Modelo is complex but let me try and simplify it for you. I think the first thing to say is that pricing in this quarter overall in Europe was up 0.6%, so the negative was really the mix and again the mix comes back to the loss of the contracts. If you take those impacts away then our net sales revenue per hectoliter was up in 10 out of our 11 markets with the exception being Serbia. So overall, based on the fact that actually we did -- again if you strip out the Modelo brands grow volumes, we were quite pleased that the pricing and volume mix equation with pricing being up 0.6% and net sales revenue per hectoliter being up in 10 of the 11 markets. So overall we think our pricing was pretty solid particularly when combined with our volume performance.
Vivien Azer: That's very helpful.
Mark Hunter: And Vivien I would just now refer you back to the fact that we've seen -- certainly our volumes across a majority of our markets and through July continue to move positively. So I think the team are getting the balance right between price and volume virtually across all of our markets.
Vivien Azer: Absolutely, no that's great. My second question has to do with Canada and the industry backdrop, you know one of your key competitors reported earnings and actually he had characterized the Canadian market, how the industry is, having had good performance in the quarter which stands in contrast a little bit I think to the way that you guys characterize the market. So can you could offer any more context, is that just a function of relative geographic mix or is there anything underlying kind of the discrepancy in that commentary.
Mark Hunter: Stewart, do you want to pick that up and just give a feedback [ph] of the industry backdrop?
Stewart Glendinning : I'm not sure Vivien where you saw the discrepancy, certainly we saw an industry that was healthy, in positive territory. I think from our stand point we had two things going on in our business when you look at the underlying performance. Our pricing was stronger and we certainly weren’t affected by geographic mix, when you look across the country the west was much stronger than the east. And if you looked at Ontario and Quebec and the Atlantic provinces, all of those declined. Those are the provinces in which we are strongest.
Vivien Azer: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Ian Shackleton with Nomura.
Ian Shackleton: Yes, good morning gentlemen. Two questions, firstly in Europe, certainly the volume numbers look pretty good, I just want to know whether you could give out market shares across the major markets, I know it’s a relatively easy comp to the flooding, but you do seem to have done pretty well and perhaps you can give us an idea on shares. On Canada I mean you gave us the figure of minus 8.1 and then say that half of that due to the Miller brand. Is there nothing coming back from the extended Heineken contract yet? Is that something still to come or does that have a reasonable impact, positive impact on this quarter?
Mark Hunter: Hi Ian, I'll ask both Simon and Stewart just to talk to the specifics. I think it's fair to say within Europe that we don't [indiscernible] into the share by country. At also Europe’s level we did lose a little bit, about 0.33%, but than if you reversed out the impact of the loss of the Modelo then actually, it holds a relatively flat year on year. Simon, anything you would add to that?
Simon Cox: Not a lot, Mark, because as you say we don't intend to speak to that by country. If you do reverse have that in Modelo volumes and then aggregate it back up, we did actually slightly grow share across the region, which is a setting combination with what we regarded to be pretty decent pricing performance and this is what we're seeing in the market in terms of discounting, then we were pretty happy with our volume performance. So, very slight share gaining, if you reverse out the impact of losing the Modelo contracts.
Mark Hunter: Yes, probably the only other thing I'd add, Ian is that, in a number of markets within economy segment have grown pretty rapidly over the course of the last 12 months. And we are responding to that, but certainly not leaping to that and if we do how many share weakness anywhere it would tend to be in the economy segment, which is obviously lower margin segment. So, we're playing I think a very balanced and responsive game across the markets in Europe. Steward, do you want to talk about it some of the emerging tailwinds in Canada's as you look at the broader portfolio?
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, absolutely, I mean, Ian you asked a question about losing the Miller brands and picking up the intensive [ph] brands, certainly we've had a good start with intensive brands but they're much, much smaller than the loss of the intensive brand. So, I don’t know if you want more on that, but that's sort of intensive brands are a fraction of the Miller size.
Ian Shackleton: So, just to be clear, these intensive brands can be quite slow, we don't want to see step up in that seeing Q3free going forward. It will be over the next few years, will it?
Stewart Glendinning: We think we got some really good brands and of course we know that we can grow them, but we're growing off a very small base
Ian Shackleton: Understood. And just quick follow up, just getting premium back for the UK, it's called a big amount, I think, you're paying there, which is quite surprise to me, but when do you actually get that back, is that come in from 2016?
Mark Hunter: Yes and the majority of the deal is that we get the brand back from full on the 28th of December this year. So, effectively yes, for 2016 onwards.
Stewart Glendinning: Ian, other thing I'd add is, as you would expect the repay interstation of the startup from a backend to the UK has been running through our PACC model and it makes absolute sense for our business on the basis of utilization of PACC based on existing arrangement and the new arrangement and with that new arrangement will open up to us in terms of the growth profile of the brand
Ian Shackleton: I mean, I think, you've mentioned the figure 350,000 hectoliters, which should start [indiscernible], is that split 50:50 at the moment? 
Mark Hunter: I don't recall, if we mentioned this, Ina.
Ian Shackleton: We know you have the opportunity.
Mark Hunter: Let’s just stick to the 150,000 hec on a full year basis in 2016 and obviously we've got an ambition to more that forward from there, but we open again the detail at this stage.
Ian Shackleton: Very good. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from this line John Faucher with JP Morgan. 
John Faucher: Two questions here, the first is can you just give us some rough idea of the magnitude of the incremental investment, just showing us an idea as we look to try to model out the balance of the year and then a second is little bit more sort of Nebulas [ph] from that standpoint potentially, but either seems to be a greater sense of urgency with you guys in terms of looking a lot of the productivity particularly related to Canada and then looking at some of the changes that are going on at Miller Coors, is there something -- do you feel like that's a fair assessment, if there is a greater sense of urgency and if so, what do you think is driving that, because it’s something that investors seem to be picking up on. Thanks.
Mark Hunter: John, let me take your second question first then Gavin can talk on the specifics on incremental investment or rather than lack of specifics increments of investment. On the second point, I've been very clear that when I commented the role that there is no fundamental change in our strategy but I'm very keen for our business to run harder and faster, and I've talked I think very consistently about the need for us to accelerate our brand building capabilities and performance faster and importantly to improve our capability at the frontend of the business. That is now our working trend, we've rolled our whole fuels sales execution model across all of the sales force in the UK and Canada. So that’s hundreds of people are now changing their behaviors, their routines and we're measuring people in a different way, around both effectiveness and efficiency. So, really starting to work harder to unlocking further growth potential in our portfolio as we continue to build that portfolio out and then parallel to that, containing to drive for a new fit for future cost base in the organization. So, I'm very pleased with how the teams have responded and I'm pleased that you're picking up that sense of urgency. It’s not nebulas, it’s important.  Gavin do you want to talk about the marketing investments?
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, John thanks. We're not going to give specifics on that, but what I can said is that we are going to be increasing our marketing spend meaningfully in the U.S. and also in Canada and Internationally. We also -- are particularly in the U.S. have some significant business transformation cost in the back half, you know where we have had some go trials [ph] of our new systems and earlier this year and late last year. We've got some really big one coming forward in the back half and obviously that carries a certain level of cost associated with it. But as to giving you specifics, no, we're not going to do that.
John Faucher: And should we, should we expect that to be more media related, sponsorships, sort of, all of the above? Any just sort of rough ideas in terms of what buckets it could all go into?
Mark Hunter: John, as I mentioned we do have the Coors Light overall which we're in the process of doing at the moment, which is the new contemporary visual identity across all packaging. We've introduced the national television advertising behind Coors Light's Rocky Mountain heritage. We're going to put -- continue to put firepower behind Miller Lite's heritage program which we're very pleased with. We got the styled bottle from 1975 which is actually just gone into market which we're very excited about. We're going to continue to put money in the Above Premium and the craft portfolio's, Blue Moon White IPO for example, we've got the new Leinenkugel seasonal release that's coming up, Harvest Patch Shandy, we've got Redds. I mean I could on and on and on, John so I guess what I'm saying is it's more, I guess it will be weighted more towards media in the back half, yes.
John Faucher: Excellent, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel Financial.
Mark Swartzberg: My question, really two, one's a follow on to John's and it's simply the incremental spend. Is it something that you had planned in your budget at the start of the year or is this based on things you're seeing here as the year progresses? And then I had an unrelated question.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, I mean I would say largely in the business it was planned and I would say in the US we probably shaping it up to even a little more than we'd originally planned given some of the activities that we want to do Mark but broadly I would say it was in line.
Mark Hunter: I think that's fair Mark and obviously as we've seen a little bit of benefit comes through on the COGS line and in the U.S. is given us the opportunity to make some choices and we're making the right choice which is to further invest behind our brand portfolio, because we're very clear we want to get the business, really claim to win in the U.S. So we're in a position where we can make those choices and I think that the right choices for the long term health of our broad business.
Mark Swartzberg: Got it, okay great. And then with the U.S., JV I may have missed at the very beginning, I missed the opening comments but is there any update on the transition to a permanent CEO there?
Mark Hunter: Let me give you a couple of headlines, so both Allen and I have been working very hard from a recruitment perspective, have made good progress, we're both delighted with the way that Gavin has landed within the business on an interim basis and the way the team have rallied behind him and the changes that he has already implemented in the business, so I'm confident we should be in a position -- certainly in the near term to start to really confirm how we're going to move forward on a permanent basis. So more to follow, but as I'm sure you'd expect I'm not to start getting into people's career developments on a call like this Mark, but making good progress overall.
Mark Swartzberg: Okay, great, thank you guys.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rob Ottenstein with Evercore.
Rob Ottenstein : Great, Gavin, a first question. Given the pretty remarkable success of Constellation, with the Mexican brands, what impact has that had on the pricing environment in the U.S., particularly in the light of the fact that in a lot of states the gap now is very low between their brands and the premium brands and there's two possibilities here. One is, it looks in certain states that Constellation is becoming a price leader and they're taking some pretty, an ultra-aggressive price in California so that would be positive, the other way of looking at is, is you know there's been a lot of market share lost to them and that could create more competitive pricing dynamics. So just wondering if first off if you could kind of give us a sense of you know the pricing environment in the US and how things may have changed because of the success they've had.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Robert, I mean that's quite a question. So I think maybe just of, there's no question that the Mexican imports are playing in the, in somewhat of the same space, refreshing and insatiable [ph] space that the American light lagers are. The good news is that demonstrates that there's a continued relevance of refreshing and insatiable lager beers for the beer drinkers and with Miller Lite and Coors Light we think we've got two great brands that can grow volume and share and compete with them and particularly given some of the great sales and marketing programs that we've got coming. From a pricing point of view I'm obviously not going to you about what our strategy is, what I can tell is that we worked very hard over the last five weeks to develop a very clear point of view on pricing which has been led by Kevin Doyle and the team and that's a pricing strategy that we're communicating with our distributors. So we had a clear point of view, I'm obviously not going to share it, but just remember we do follow that pricing strategy that is local in nature, it's varies by brand-by-brand and it's varies market-by-markets and more detail in than Robert, I can't give you.
Rob Ottenstein : No, I'm not looking for your pricing strategy, I’m more in terms of your assessments of the pricing environment versus cost. And so do you think, I think, we're seeing signs that Constellation is starting to become a price leader in certain markets, here at 3% price increase in California, do you think there is the chance of a perhaps a greater umbrella effect from them, than in prior years?
Mark Hunter: Yes, look Robert, I mean I don't think my answer’s going to be any different other than that we have a clear pricing strategy that we're not going to share publically. That's all about all I’m prepared to say on that particular topic. 
Rob Ottenstein : Okay. I would, I got it. And maybe an easier question, you talked about a couple of years ago, your move in the economy segment to PET, can you give us, I guess, a sense of where that stands now or are you a 100% national and your general assessment of whether that's been a success or not?
Mark Hunter: We are not a 100% national, no, but we are on track with the plan that we have in place for that rollout and then so far we're pleased with that, Robert. 
Rob Ottenstein : Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pablo Zuanic with SIG.
Pablo Zuanic: Hello, everyone. Look, I have two questions. Can you -- just remind us if you can please in terms of the right of refusal mechanics in the event that you're able to buy the other half of the Miller Coors and you own actually 58%, if you can just go through that. And Gavin question for you, in very basic terms, if we think about [indiscernible] top line versus profit margin expansion, I would argue that [indiscernible] there was a lot of improvement in terms of a broad portfolio on top line momentum relative to the industry, but that margins had not improved much, will there be any difference in terms of way that you're doing things right now because given all the changes you've implemented, but I'd like to get more color whether, there is any noise yet in terms of focusing Modelo margins, I mean the past, and less on top line, thanks.  [Multiple speakers] 
Gavin Hattersley: I'd take issue with one thing with one thing you said there, Pablo, because under Tom’s leadership, we actually expanded our operating margins almost double since the beginning of the joint ventures. I think we've been pretty successful from that perspective. From a portfolio transformation point of view, I would say, we've made really nice progress under his leadership as well and we're going to continue to focus on transforming our portfolio. We need to take share of the American light lager segments, we need to continue to put premium onto the portfolio and develop the above premium offerings and we're working very hard for that and I think we've made good progress and I'm going to continue to focus on that in a very deliberate focused and bold way.
Pablo Zuanic: At that point, could there be any changes to the medium term profit margin guidance outlook for Miller Coors and this time also [indiscernible] provide that, but you said something that I would be hearing a new on some point?
Gavin Hattersley: There has been no update to the guidance that was previously given Pablo.
Pablo Zuanic: Thanks, and second question.
Mark Hunter: I think let me just add to Gavin's comment, I think, we've been very clear about the three priorities areas within the business, a lot of that continues a good work that Tom and the team did. And looks to accelerate that over the course of the life of our long range plan. So, with regard to other question, obviously all of that information is in our filings from late 2007 and mid-2008. As to the opportunity and clearly it’s purely speculative, what's that right for us to secure a bigger share of the joint venture within the U.S., there is a right of first offer and last offer and some other associated rights, but the detail buying that's in all of the public filings, which I'd refer you to rather than get into them on this call. Thanks for your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane with Bank of America. 
Bryan Spillane: I guess follow up questions, one -- and I might miss this earlier in the call, but just in terms of the your outlook on what the effective foreign exchange will be on pre-tax profits, I think, after the last quarter, we were looking at about 55 million for the year, is that still the right number or is your outlook on the effect from FX changed at all?
Mark Hunter: I think, what I say, Bryan, was that, if you have to plan foreign exchange rates at the end of July to our results for the second half of last year and it would have reduced our underlying pretax savings by more than $43 million and so, if you add on to that, the actual foreign exchange impact in the first half of this year is about $27 million and the impact would be more than $70 million year-over-year.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. So the --.
Mark Hunter:  That's probably what I've said last time. 
Bryan Spillane: Okay, alright, that helps. Thank you and then I guess the only other question I'd have just been trying to frame how things have progressed through the course of this year versus maybe what you were thinking earlier in the year. Sounds to me like volume in Europe, when you strip out the effect of losing the contracts has actually maybe been a little bit better. And it sounds like maybe volume in Canada has been a little bit worse, and then in the U.S. maybe you've got a little bit better cost-to-goods environment. Is that generally right, am I missing something there in terms of just -- in terms of the smaller pieces, what's been a little better or worse than what you were thinking?
Mark Hunter: I'm not sure I would characterize it like that Bryan, I think we're pleased with our overall performance in Europe and as I mentioned if you reverse out the loss of the Modelo brands our shares increased slightly, and certainly the last couple of months through June and July you heard me mention our July STRs, we're seeing you know relatively strong volume growth so that's encouraging and clearly we're right in the middle of peak selling season at the moment and we're up against the impact of the floods from last year, so there's still quite a volatility in the marketplace, so I don't think we're in a different place to what we assumed. And certainly within Canada, sure it's been very clear that stripping out the loss of the Miller brands, there's couple of areas that have, we will look at fixing as we go through the second half of this year or the volume impact as we’ve adjusted pricing in Quebec on Coors Light and just a couple of trading tactics as well. But strategically, I feel we're exactly where we anticipated being but you know this is always a game of strategy and tactics and a couple of our tactics will adjust as we go through the second half. But I think the critical thing is back to your first question on FX, we're looking at a $70 million FX headwind as we flagged, we've also flagged up $40 million on the contract losses and we've been very clear that with the strength of our pricing that was seen in the first half, it’s given us some options to invest incrementally in the second half to further strengthen our brand portfolio. I mean that's what has happened and will be happening as we go through the second half of the year.
Operator: And there're no other questions at this time. Gentlemen do you have any closing remarks.
Mark Hunter: I'd just like to thank everybody for the time for joining us on the Molson Coors Q2 earnings call and as I mentioned earlier hopefully we'll see many of you at the Barclays Global Consumer Staples Conference in Boston, on September the 10th. So thank you for your time and interest in our company and look forward to catching up with you in due course. Thanks everybody.
Operator: Thank you again for joining us today. This does conclude today's web conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark R. Hunter - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gavin D. Hattersley - Global Chief Financial Officer Simon Cox -  Stewart F. Glendinning - Chief Executive Officer and President Krishnan Anand - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors International and President of Molson Coors International
Analysts: John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI, Research Division Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time-to-time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results that the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Mark R. Hunter: Thank you, and hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call. And many thanks for taking the time to join us today. With me on the call this morning from Molson Coors, we have Gavin Hattersley, our CFO; Stewart Glendinning, our Canada CEO; Simon Cox, our CEO for European business; Kandy Anand, our International CEO; Sam Walker, our Chief Legal and People Officer; Brian Tabolt, our Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, VP of Investor Relations; and we also have Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors, joining us today. Now as you know, a few months ago, we announced Tom's plan to retire at the end of June, and I'd like to take this opportunity to both recognize Tom's contribution since joining the U.S.A. business and in particular, his leadership since being appointed as MillerCoors CEO around 4 years ago. So many thanks for your leadership and we wish you well, albeit you still have a full agenda through to the end of June. Now while we are well into the search, we do not anticipate that we will have Tom's successor in place by the end of next month. As a result, the MillerCoors board has asked their own, Gavin Hattersley, to step in on an interim basis to lead the MillerCoors team while we complete the search for Tom's replacement. Gavin is an outstanding and trusted leader with ideal qualifications for the role. His extensive beer industry knowledge and experience in the U.S. and on the global stage, along with his unique experience of having held top leadership positions with both parent companies and MillerCoors, and this makes him the right choice to take the business forward with integrity and a strong sense of purpose. Equally important, Gavin is not leaving MillerCoors, as he will continue in his CFO role here as well. So with that, let's talk about our quarterly performance. Our results for the first quarter reflect continued volume pressure in our largest markets and, as expected, a significant impact from foreign currency movements, a higher tax rate and terminations of business contracts, all of which we discussed on our last earnings call. Now despite this backdrop, we remain absolutely resolute in our focus on building our brand strength, achieving positive pricing, transforming our portfolio to the Above Premium segment, improving commercial execution and embedding Profit After Capital Charge throughout our organization. Our first quarter performance headwinds are as follows: our net sales per hectoliter increased 1.8% in constant currency, driven by strong global pricing and revenue management initiatives. Constant currency net sales decreased 3% due to lower volume in Europe and Canada, and by adding an additional effect of foreign currency, reported net sales declined 14.2%. We grew Coors Light volume 0.6% globally, driven by double-digit growth outside of the U.S. and Canada. Our global strategic trust portfolio grew volume mid-single-digit rate in the quarter. Worldwide volume declined 3.5%, driven by Europe, Canada and the U.S. Underlying pretax income on a constant currency basis increased 0.6%, driven by positive net pricing, along with results of cost-saving initiatives. The underlying performance of the business was stronger than this result indicates, as we cycled a particularly strong quarter last year when pretax income nearly doubled. Including the effect of unfavorable currency, underlying pretax earnings declined 4.2% on a reported basis. Underlying EBITDA in the quarter was $228.6 million, a 9% decrease from a year ago partially due to foreign currency movements. Underlying after-tax income decreased 15.8%, with nearly all of this driven by unfavorable foreign currency and a higher tax rate that was cycling a large discrete tax benefit a year ago. Our board approved a double-digit percentage increase in our quarterly dividend and a new stock repurchase program in the first quarter. And we began to implement this new buyback program with $50 million of cash used early in the second quarter for Class B common stock repurchases. We also completed the Mount Shivalik Breweries acquisition last month in India. This bolt-on acquisition gives us strong leadership positions in 3 states in India, 1 of the fastest-growing beer markets in the world. It also adds a strong regional fundable brands to our portfolio and gives us a platform to expand our international brands in these states. Now in terms of regional highlights, U.S. underlying earnings increased 5% due to higher pricing, positive sales mix and strong cost control. Volume was lower in the weak first quarter for the U.S. beer industry. We continue to grow our largest Above Premium brands while also making strides towards restoring growth to our Premium Light brands. Coors Light declined, but improved its trend versus last year. Miller Lite, again, its grew share of the Premium Light segment and Coors Banquet continue to grow volume and share. In Above Premium, Blue Moon grew at mid-single-digit rate in the quarter, while Leinenkugel increased at high single-digit rates, and both Redd's and Smith & Forge Cider achieved strong double-digit growth. In Canada, underlying earnings declined 12.5%, driven almost entirely by unfavorable foreign currency and the impact of terminating our Modelo joint venture a year ago. Canada sales-to-retail or STRs declined 3.7%, with nearly 1/3 of this decline due to the loss of the Modelo brands. In Coors brands, the Coors Light sales trend improved versus last year, benefiting from more retail programming and new advertising. The combined Coors brand family grew Canada market share, partially due to the addition of Coors Altitude. In Above Premium, Coors Banquet delivered strong volume and share growth in the first quarter, as did Mad Jack Apple Lager, Molson Canadian Cider, and we delivered mid single-digit growth from our Creemore and Granville Island Craft brands. Our Europe business faced weak consumer demand in some of our higher revenue and profit markets, and an industry mix, volume mix shift to the Economy segment, and we deliberately chose to pursue value ahead of volume. Our first quarter result reflect positive pricing in most of our Europe markets, also lower volume and negative sales mix. These factors, along with the loss of the Modelo brands in the U.K. in 2015 contributed to lower volume and market share in Europe in the first quarter. Nonetheless, we maintained our focus on building our core brands and Above Premium portfolio, including Crafts, as well as revenue management and price discipline across the region. The Craft and Above Premium brands performed well, with Coors Light, Doom Bar and Staropramen outside of the Czech Republic growing strongly. Our International business delivered double-digit growth in volume in the first quarter with continued momentum from Coors Light in Latin America and strong double digit volume growth in India. Due to unfavorable foreign currency movements and increased marketing investments, our loss for the quarter increased by $2.4 million. Now I'll turn over to Gavin to give additional first quarter financial highlights and perspective on the rest of 2015. Gavin?
Gavin D. Hattersley: Thanks, Mark, and hello, everybody. Underlying free cash flow for the first quarter of 2015 totaled a cash use of $162.2 million. This represented $97.6 million more cash used versus a year ago and was driven by lower net income and a decreased benefit from working capital timing, including higher cash paid for taxes. Our underlying free cash flow result in the first quarter excludes a $227.1 million discretionary contributions to our U.K. pension plan earlier this year. Net free cash used in the first quarter of the year is normal in this seasonal business, but this is the lowest and cash generating part of the year. Our first quarter free cash flow included the following factors: $202.6 million of negative operating cash flow and $221.6 million of net add-backs for the discretionary pension contribution minus the cash impact of special items. Invested cash outflows included $73.7 million of capital spending. Our underlying free cash flow included $310.4 million of cash distributions and $417.9 million of cash invested in MillerCoors. The detailed reconciliation of our first quarter underlying free cash flow is available in our earnings release distributed this morning. Total debt at the end of the first quarter was $3.251 billion and cash and cash equivalents totaled $317.6 million resulting in net debt of $2.934 billion, which is $521.4 million lower than a year ago. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results for the quarter. Looking forward to the balance of 2015, we are lowering our full year outlook for capital spending to approximately $300 million, down from $330 million provided on our last earnings call. This improvement is driven primarily by continued weakness of various currencies versus the U.S. dollar, coupled with value engineering of some planned capital projects after running them through our PACC model. All other full year forward guidance is unchanged from last quarter, such that our annual target for underlying free cash flow is $550 million, plus or minus 10%, at April 30th's foreign currency rates. We expect cash contributions to either fund benefit plans to be in the range of $300 million to $320 million in 2015, including our 42% of MillerCoors' contributions. We anticipate 2015 pension expense of approximately $27 million. We expect our 2015 MG&A expense and Corporate to be approximately $110 million. Our consolidated net interest expense to be approximately $120 million, which is based on FX rates and hedging positions at the end of the first quarter and our 2015 underlying effective tax rate to be in the range of 18% to 22%. After this year, we expect our underlying tax rate to be near the low end of our long-term range of 20% to 24% for the next few years, assuming no further changes in tax loss, settlement of tax audits or adjustments to our uncertain tax positions. In 2015 cost outlook, we continue to expect MillerCoors's cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase in the low single-digit rate for the full year and International business cost of goods sold to decrease in the low double-digit range per hectoliter. In local currency, we still expect Canada cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase in the mid-single-digit rate and Europe to decrease in the mid-single-digit rate. And finally, regarding the profit and cash headwind from foreign currency that we expect this year, we would apply foreign exchange rates at the end of April to our results for the last 3 quarters of 2014. It would reduce our underlying pretax earnings for that period by more than $50 million, and the impact on cash would be even larger. If we add the $5.1 million of FX impacting the first quarter this year as set out in our earnings release, our full year FX estimated impact will be more than $55 million or approximately 6-point -- 6% to 7% on consolidated results. We have taken steps in recent years to mitigate some of our foreign currency exposures by our debt structures and hedging. So at this point, I'll turn it back over to Mark for outlook, wrap-up and Q&A. Mark?
Mark R. Hunter: Thanks, Gavin. As we discussed in our last earnings call, we continue to expect our 2015 results to be challenged by negative foreign currency, determination of 3 major business contracts and a higher effective tax rate. Additionally, our Canada results will be affected by new framework agreement that was announced by the Ontario government last month, although we expect much of the impact to be phased in over the next 4 years. We will continue to work with the government and our fellow beer store owners to implement the recommended changes. Despite these challenges, we will continue to drive our strategy of building a stronger brand portfolio, strengthening our core brand positions and increasing our share in Above Premium, Craft and Cider. We will have a relentless focus in delighting our consumers and our customers to ensure we are the first choice brewer in the geographies and segments where we choose to play and we will selectively build our international brands and strengthen our world-class commercial capability. We'll do this while ensuring we have a fit-for-purpose cost base and a deeply embedded discipline and PACC-led capital allocation process. Besides including PACC performance measures in our long-term incentive plan this year, we have been rolling out interactive training with each of the country teams to embed our value-driving PACC model from top to bottom in the organization. Regionally, in the U.S., we intend to lead the beer industry with innovations like Redd's and Smith & Forge Cider, with the latest expansions being Redd's Green Apple and Wicked Mango, and we'll introduce drinkers to new styles and flavors in our Craft portfolio with offerings like Blue Moon White IPA and Leinenkugel's Grapefruit Shandy. We'll continue to bolster Miller Lite with a new national advertising campaign and we'll complete the total refresh of Coors Light that will expand across all consumer touch points that has started with new packaging that emphasizes as born in the Rockies heritage. The brand also dedicates new and national television advertising in March, designed to emphasize Coors Light's unique refreshment and we'll launch additional new television advertising in June. Last month, we also reintroduced the Summer line extension, Coors Light Citrus Radler with a new name and packaging. And finally, we'll continue to build first choice customer partnerships. Working with our distributors to bring more resources to the on-premise with our building with beer retail strategy, which leverages the higher velocity and the broad appeal of our American light lagers. In Canada, we continue to invest in our core brands and Above Premium, including Craft, imports and flavored malt beverages. In early March, Molson Canadian introduced the next chapter of its Beer Fridge campaign, and in April, launched an NHL promotion nationally. We also introduced a new advertising campaign behind Coors Light in early March. In Above Premium, consumer demand remains strong for Coors Banquet, Molson Canadian Cider and Mad Jack Apple Lager, which will be rolled out nationally in the second quarter after a successful launch in Ontario and Québec in 2014. The national launch of Coors Altitude is proceeding well, as is our expanded partnership for the marketing and distribution at the Heineken, Dos Equis, Sol, and Strongbow brands. We're also launching Rickard's Radler as a new seasonal offering for summer. In Europe, although some of our largest markets continue to be weak this year, our segment-leading core brands will receive incremental investments in local currency in the remainder of 2015. We also intend to continue the strong momentum of our Above Premium Craft and Cider portfolio, including expanding Carling British Cider to more European markets, introducing new Sharp's brands into the U.K. and adding the Modelo brands to our International Premium brand portfolio in Central Europe this year. We're also taking important steps in the first half of this year to ensure that our U.K. supply chain is fit-for-purpose, including entering into an agreement in January to sell our Burton Malting operations in the third quarter. And in March, purchasing the brewing and kegging operation of Thomas Hardy's Burtonwood brewery in the north of England, which will give us greater capability and flexibility to grow our U.K. Craft business further. Meanwhile, following the termination of our U.K. contract brewing arrangement with Heineken at the end of April, we're closing our Alton brewery this month in order to ensure that our supply chain capacity is aligned with the needs of the business. Our International business will focus on growth and expansion in new and existing markets. We'll continue to drive strong momentum on Coors Light and Coors 1873 in Latin America, along with growth in our India business. Our recent India acquisition is in line with our strategy to grow our regional brand portfolio and adds 2 breweries in 2 large Indian states and more than doubles our brewing capacity there. This acquisition gives us a powerful combination of industry-leading brewing expertise, brand reach and operational efficiency that will allow us to grow our brands even further in India, one of the fastest-growing beer markets globally. Finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the second quarter. In the U.S., through April 25, STRs decreased to a low single-digit rates. In Canada, through April 30, STRs were down low double digits. Excluding the Miller brands last year, our Canada STRs were down high single digits in part due to year over shift in the timing of Easter. In Europe, through April 30, sales volume is down mid-single-digits, partially driven by the loss of the Modelo brands in the U.K. this year and the timing of Easter. Our international sales volume including royalty volume increased at double-digit rate in April. Now as always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. To summarize our discussion today, Molson Coors results for the first quarter reflect a number of headwinds, but we remain resolute in our focus on building brand strength, achieving positive pricing, transforming our portfolio to the Above Premium segment, improving our commercial execution and embedding profit after capital charge in our organization and delivering total returns to our shareholders. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, just a quick comment. As usual, our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. And also, at 1:00 p.m. Eastern time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. Additionally, in the next 2 months, we hope to see many of you at 3 events. Firstly, Gavin will present at the Goldman Sachs Global Staple Summit in New York on Tuesday May 12. Secondly, we'll hold our Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Wednesday June 3, at our brewery in Montréal. And thirdly, we'll host our annual New York Investor and Analyst Day at the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon of Wednesday, June 17. So at this point, if we could open up the lines for questions, please. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from John Faucher from JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I want to talk a little bit about the COGS guidance here and if we look at the impact of transactional FX, it seems like it should be a negative in both Europe as well as Canada. So can you talk a little bit about the differential there in COGS guidance, given the much tougher COGS environment you're seeing in Canada versus Europe?
Mark R. Hunter: John, thanks for the question. I'll let Gavin pick that up.
Gavin D. Hattersley: John, thanks. Look, I mean, the guidance we gave is in local currency. So the one that's directly in U.S. dollars is MCR. So from a Canada point of view, we've obviously got a lot of moving parts in Canada. We've got the growth in the import brands, which would be Coors Banquet, Heineken and FEMSA, and we've also got a lot of really nice innovation going on there, plus there's the changes of the termination of the Corona contract. And in Europe, we've got brand mix going on there with no Corona, well, that's coming out and we've got the lowest contract brewing volume as well. And from an MCR point of view, it's mostly geographic and PACC mix changes between the vast number of territories in which we operate. All of that is offset to a degree by our cost savings programs, which we've got in place.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like the way we should think about this is at least with Canada, it's actually positive mix from higher-priced products that's driving the piece of that as opposed to, let's say, underlying cost increases?
Gavin D. Hattersley: Well, there are underlying cost increases as well in there, John, yes, but growth in import brands...
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Not just that?
Mark R. Hunter: It's not just that, yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, in Europe, you'd mentioned -- there's a mention of a decision not to chase profitable volume or unprofitable volume in the press release. Could you just touch on a little bit the promotional environment? From what I understood, it become much more promotional in the U.K. in the first quarter, so just some more color there, please?
Mark R. Hunter: Bryan, thanks for the question. I'll ask Simon to pick up some of the detail. I mean, just a couple of context points. Firstly, we've started seeing a couple of markets shift into the Economy segment as consumers make choices about where their constrained disposable income is going to be used. So that's just one dynamic that started to emerge and the team are cognizant of and are obviously reacting to. And to your second point, from a promotional perspective, there's no real new news there, I mean, the European market remains competitive. But Simon, do you want to give a little bit more color to specifically what's happening?
Simon Cox: Yes, Mark. I think, you've covered the headlines. Thanks for the question, Bryan. As Mark said, there is some move driven, I think, by the consumers being economically challenged, particularly in some of the markets post the flood. There is some move towards the economy and value segment in some of our markets. We've chosen not to play aggressively in those parts of the market. And to your question on the U.K, this is always fairly volatile in terms of promotion intensity, but Q1 has been, I would say, a little bit more intense on the promotional lines in the -- particularly in the multiple growth channel. And again, we've chosen not to participate in some of those more aggressive deals, so that's really what we're referencing when we made the headline results.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then, just one other question on the Alton brewery. Can you quantify at all how much that will contribute or how much savings you might be able to generate this year from that?
Mark R. Hunter: Brian, we haven't gone -- we haven't given a specific number on that yet now.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. But fair to think that it will be some sort of positive offset or positive contribution this year?
Mark R. Hunter: Bryan, yes, it will be a positive contribution, but I'd point you back to our guidance that we have of $40 million to $60 million worth of cost savings in this financial year. We obviously have a lot of moving parts, things that move around, so that guidance has remained unchanged.
Operator: Your next question is from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So in the earlier MillerCoors call, we got a little bit color from Tom just in terms of the MillerCoors board's decision on Gavin's appointment as an interim CEO. So maybe, Mark, just kind of share your perspective on the process and the rationale for having Gavin as an interim CEO? And then, just in terms of his responsibility in managing sort of the both roles, how should we think about that and the potential for this becoming more of a permanent position over time? What are some of the things that you're focused on as you make that decision and really finding the permanent replacement?
Mark R. Hunter: Thanks, Judy. I think there was a multiple number of questions in your question there, I'll try and cover them all. I mean, to the most important thing, in terms of the decision around Gavin, it's because Gavin is absolutely the best person for the job and we're delighted that we're able to ask Gavin to step up and he's accepted to do that. I mean, that's some of the easiest part. In terms of the process, I mean, Tom indicated towards the end of last year his intention to retire and we publicly announced that earlier on this year ahead of our distributor convention. We've had a search process in place. And I think, from our Chairman, Pete, Alan Clark and myself, we are absolutely clear that we want to find the best possible leader for the MillerCoors organization, that's what the organization requires and deserves, and we will take our time and be thoughtful. As I'm sure you're aware, these type of searches sometimes take time. We're well into the process, but it's clear that by the end of June, it's unlikely we'll have a new full-time replacement or permanent replacement in place and we're in a privileged position with Gavin, someone who knows both of the shareholders well, has worked for both companies and has actually operated a very senior level within MillerCoors. So he'll hit the ground running. And whether Gavin is there for 1 month, 3 months or 6 months, he'll be leading that business to compete, play to win and win in the U.S. beer business. That's the agreement, and Alan and I are absolutely clear on that. So that's where we are and we'll keep everybody updated as the process develops over the coming weeks and months. Gavin is going to be busy in the meantime, so please try not to distract him.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then, I guess, my second question is maybe just on the business and switching gears to Canada. Just the industry volume looks a little better in the first quarter. I think, it was up a little bit. Obviously, your share performance is still pretty soft there. The April trend, I know there's an Easter impact, seems like that the volume was pretty weak. So just some broad perspective on kind of what are you seeing in terms of the industry perspective and your effort to really put your market share position in a better footing, how much traction are you getting there? Do you think there's more spending that really needs to go to drive that? Just some color there would be helpful.
Mark R. Hunter: Yes. So Judy, I'll ask Stewart to talk in a little bit more detail shortly. Let me just give you kind of a couple of headlines. I mean, Stewart and the team are in the middle of a very significant transformation of our business in Canada in terms of total restructuring of our supply chain, a big cost down program and ensuring that our portfolio is fit for future. From a Canada perspective, in the first quarter, I was personally pleased with the progress Stewart and the team made on pricing. The Coors Light trends improved versus 2014 that we saw strong growth in Coors Banquet and with our Above Premium portfolio, and we've been encouraged by share growth position in both Alberta and Québec, which are critical markets for us. Headline level, I would say, overall, we're disappointed with our total performance and we'll certainly ensure far more effective and ruthless execution of our plans in the balance of the year. Take it from me, we'll be running even harder and faster in Canada. We've got a great set of plans and it's very much about the quality of execution of those plans for the balance of the year to build on some of the strong points that are emerging in our Canadian business. But Stewart, do you want to just jump a little bit deeper into some of the detail in Canada, as per Judy's question?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, not a lot I can add to it. I mean, Judy, I think that the quarter was a bit better for the beer industry, no question about it. The shift, I think, from Easter from Q2 into Q1 was absolutely a help. If you look at the marketplace, the market trends were not dissimilar to what we saw last quarter in the sense that the West was much stronger than the East. And so part of our underperformance came from geographic mix. Part of it came from cycling the big promotion of Molson Canadian around the Winter Olympics last year and part of it came from just underperformance. On the underperformance side, we've got a very clear view on what's driving that and we're working very aggressively to change those things. Probably, there's also worth mentioning, just looking at the big picture of things, our goal is to grow share and our goal is to grow the profit. And we've been focusing against this strategy of overhauling the portfolio, driving our cost base down and improving our executional capabilities, and I think we've made good progress on all of those, as Mark commented. If you look back at last year, we saw improving share trends for the first 3 quarters of last year and the last 2 quarters have been more challenged. But as I say, I think, we've got a clear line on where the underperformance is coming from and we'll be working to address that.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Swartzberg from Stifel Financial.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: A couple of questions. One is just a more technical one. In the U.S., when you gave us that April update, is it fair to think that the Easter shift hurt April, so to speak, the way it hurt in Canada?
Mark R. Hunter: I believe that's the case, yes, Mark.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then, you've caught on India for a while now. You have a nice tuck-in there, but when you think about the longer-term opportunity and how you as a company are going to approach that, can you just think -- share with us a little more, Mark, about your thinking on the role of capital, size capital as opposed to these tuck-in and more organic approaches to unlocking that opportunity over a multiyear period?
Mark R. Hunter: Yes, I mean, I'll give you a little bit of context and I'll ask Kandy to talk specifically about the opportunity that we see in India. But I think, I've been pretty clear that as we look at building our international brands, really along the double act of the Coors trademark in Staropramen, we're looking to drive that business principally on a license and export model with exception of a couple of markets where we believe that we can invest really for the medium to long-term, and India fits really nicely there. I think, we did our apprenticeship in India through our initial foray into the country, and we see a very clear path to strong position across these states. And when you think about the population in these states, across the 3 of them, we're talking 150 million to 200 million people. So these are big markets with real long-term potential, so we'll be selective with our international cash investments, as I say, principally on a license and export model, with a small number of markets where we can see long-term growth potential. On India itself, Kandy, do you want to just give a little bit more color to where we are in the marketplace?
Krishnan Anand: Sure. Thanks, Mark. As building on what Mark said, we see India as an attractive, long-term market. It's currently at market size of 23 million to 24 million hectoliters. It's been growing double digits steadily. And yet, per capita consumption of beer is only 2 liters per person per year, which means, in the long-term, we expect this market to continue to grow. Our strategy in India has been taking positions and attractive steps and building our position, the leadership positions within those steps. With that in our first FDR [ph] which has worked out successfully with the recent acquisition, we have -- I believe, you do that in 2 other steps, so we start with leading positions. And our strategy would be to be successful in these states and roll at a steady pace that we can continue to drive that strategy versus the Pan-India strategy. Specifically, within that, we have local brands, so this acquisition gives us a brand called Thunderbolt, which is a very strong brand, and it also gives us a platform to build our global brands on top of these regional brands, and that's broadly speaking our strategy in India.
Mark R. Hunter: I mean, obviously, any investment in any of our international markets goes through our PACC model and we will be very judicial in our use of cash as per the framework that, I think, we've described on a very consistent basis. We're certainly very excited about the medium to long-term potential around the geographical platform we've now given ourselves in India.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: That's great. And on that, Mark, that's good to hear, and I've got confidence in that. We all know the history of Brazil and China, so that's kind of what's driving my questions about India, but PACC and the approach you're taking, I think, is different. One last one is it pertains to Gavin's appointment and just all of us trying to better understand what's going on here? And I proposed on the earlier call that you would have a bias for an internal candidate. By internal, I mean, someone within the larger SABMiller and Molson Coors system as opposed to someone within the broader beer industry. And of course, Gavin's appointment kind of is consistent with that, but is that a fair understanding of how you're approaching this? Is that a fair understanding of who's coming to you, so to speak? Are you seeing much interest from outside of those 2 companies? I'm just trying understand, trying to get a read on where this is ultimately going to go? And then, the second question is, SAB is the majority owner here, but you have some special rights because of the nature of the situation, I think, contractually. So can you just give us a flavor about how that dialogue works with SAB in terms of ultimately choosing the person to be the permanent CEO?
Mark R. Hunter: I mean, to take the second part of your question first, we have a 50-50 governance model within MillerCoors, so the board is constructed with equal directors from both SAB and from Molson Coors. And it's fair to say, I think, Alan Clark and myself are absolutely aligned on what we need to get done in the U.S. business. We both harbor the same ambition to build a winning beer business in the U.S., and we both hold the intent of ensuring that we have a great leader to lead the MillerCoors organization. We are looking broadly for a new leader. I don't want to get into the detail of the process, the process is well underway. And I think people are just going to have to be patient. I mean, asking an executive from one of the shareholders to step in and run one of the businesses is not unusual in any organization, so I don't think we're doing anything unusual in it. I would really encourage people not to read anything beyond the headlines into this. We have an interim requirement. We have an interim solution and the process for a permanent leader continues.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next question is from Rob Ottenstein from Evercore ISI.
Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Can you remind us what your target date was again in terms of having the International business go to breakeven and whether you think you're still on target with that given current results and the evolving strategy in India?
Mark R. Hunter: Let me pick that up. So what we said was as we moved towards the end of 2016, we expect our International business to be at least a breakeven if not in profit. We still believe that we will deliver that when you put to one side impact of FX that's clearly impacted the business since we made that statement back at the end of 2013. We expect the FX impact relative to our plan at that point in time to affect us by mid to high single-digit, millions of dollars. So when you include that, it will make it challenging to get to breakeven. When you exclude that impact of FX, we're still very confident that we'll get to breakeven, FX excluded.
Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Terrific. And then, not to kind of go back to Canada again, and I don't want to overdo it, but can you talk a little bit about the competitive environment there, pricing and whether SAB's entrance in April looks disruptive?
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. Stewart, would you like to pick that up and...
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, happy to address that. So first of all, let me work backwards. I mean, SAB's entry into the market has been in the last 30 days, so nothing I can really comment on there. I think, we've got a terrific portfolio and we're able to -- we'll be able to address all comers. In terms of competition in the marketplace, I mean, it is a competitive beer market, certainly, more and more brewers as the market and the cross base grows, but I don't think that anything has changed in that over the last quarter. Relative to your question around pricing, pricing was, I would say, broadly in line with inflation across the country. The amounts in excess of that I would put down to mix as both the Above Premium import and the Above Premium domestic segments of the market grew. More specifically than that, I would say pricing was weakest in Québec and strongest between -- strongest in Ontario and the West.
Operator: Your next question is from Ian Shackleton from Nomura.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just going back onto Canada again, perhaps you can just talk a little bit on how the beer framework changes in Ontario, what that actually means? And my view is obviously building a solid morale is probably a good thing. Do you potentially lose some control of that, which may not be such a good thing. Is that a simple view?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, I'm not sure, really. That is true only in that beer stores will continue to operate and will continue to be run by our board as it is today and they will continue to exist in a format that provides opportunities for any brewers to get their beer to markets. So in that sense, I don't think anything changes. As you will have read, there are a lot of changes that are coming to Ontario, but there's not a lot I can add to what has already been announced publicly.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And I think, it was mentioned in the call about a 4-year period. I thought 2017 was the important year, but could you just explain why 4 years is important?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So a couple of things, so maybe mixing 2 things there. On the pricing side, the province has instituted some restrictions on pricing for a period that ends in 2017, but the beer tax, which at the beginning of the process looked like it could all come in 1 year, will be phased in over 4 years.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Right. So that's the 4 years. Yes. Understood.
Stewart F. Glendinning: They bring that in 25% a year.
Mark R. Hunter: And Ian, just to be clear, that 4-year period begins November of this year, so really think about '16, '17, '18 and '19 as the 4-year periods.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And just as a follow-up. I mean, in that Canada price mix, the plus 3.8% is probably the best that we've seen for a very long time, I think, you have talked a little bit about some of the factors, but is that really sustainable? And I just wanted to -- to what extent, the Heineken brands, the extension of the Heineken brand is helping that?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, I don't think the Heineken brands have dramatically changed our NSR mix. I mean, we brought other Heineken brands on board, they tend to be much smaller, but just to give you a sense of the split. When you look at that 3.8%, about 2/3 was driven by net price and the remainder was from mix.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions in queue. Mr. Hunter, do you have any closing remarks?
Mark R. Hunter: I do. Thank you. I'd just like to thank everybody for joining us today and for your interest in Molson Coors Brewing Company. We look forward as a senior team to meet with many of you in New York on June 17. And just finally, best wishes again to Tom and also to Gavin as we work our way through this transition. Thanks for your interest this morning and see you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. At this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-10 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark R. Hunter - President and Chief Executive Officer Gavin D. Hattersley - Chief Financial Officer Stewart F. Glendinning - President and Chief Executive Officer, Canada Simon Cox - Chief Executive Officer, Europe Krishnan Anand - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors International and President of Molson Coors International Samuel D. Walker - Chief Legal and People Officer Brian Tabolt - Controller David Dunnewald - Vice President of Global Investor Relations Tom Long - Chief Executive Officer of MillerCoors
Analysts: Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Vivien Azer - Cowen and Company Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co. Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company’s Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to the most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by the Company’s executives in discussing the company’s performance, please visit the company’s website www.molsoncoors.com and click on the financial reporting tab of the investor relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period and in U.S. Dollars. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Mark R. Hunter: Thank you, Leann. Hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call and many thanks for joining us today. With me on the call this morning from Molson Coors we have Gavin Hattersley, our CFO; Stewart Glendinning, our Canada CEO; Simon Cox our newly appointed CEO of Europe, congratulations Simon. Kandy Anand, our International CEO; Sam Walker, our Chief Legal and People Officer; Brian Tabolt, our Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, VP of Investor Relations, and we also have Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors with us. And congratulations Tom and best wishes for your retirement announced earlier today. On the call today Gavin and I will take you through highlights of our full-year and fourth quarter 2014 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company along with some perspectives on 2015. Overall, 2014 was a good year for Molson Coors. We grew net sales in constant currency and gross margin, as well as underlying EBITDA, free cash flow, after-tax income and earnings per share. Weak consumer demand continued across our largest markets, but we made good progress in building a stronger brand portfolio, delivering value-added innovation, strengthening our core brand positions, and increasing our share in above premium. We also continued to improve our sales execution and revenue management capabilities, increase the efficiency of our operations, implement common systems and focus importantly on Profit After Capital Charge as the key driver for our cash and capital allocation strategy. In performance headlines for the year, we delivered $1.47 billion of underlying EBITDA and $768.5 million of underlying after-tax income, or $4.13 per diluted share. After-tax income grew 5.7% from a year ago. Excluding foreign currency movements and the termination of the Modelo joint venture in Canada, all of our businesses achieved improved underlying profit performance in 2014 versus the year before. We drove working capital performance company-wide and achieved $957 million of underlying free cash flow, which exceeded our original 2014 free cash flow goal by more than $250 million and we expanded our PACC model deeper into our company, including adding this measure to our long-term incentive plan. We over-delivered against our cost savings targets, and we reduced our net debt by nearly $800 million. We grew our global above-premium volume, net pricing and sales mix, and maintained market share in Europe despite a poor economy and really challenging floods in some of our highest-share markets. Volume challenges included Coors Light performance in the U.S. and Canada, however, Coors Light worldwide volume grew nearly 2% on the strength of its performance in Europe and International. We also cycled the termination of the Modelo brands joint venture in Canada. Despite these challenges, our overall profit and cash performance helped to drive a positive total shareholder return of 35.7% in 2014, which is more than two-and-a-half times the total return for the S&P500 index of large stocks last year. Based on this performance and our commitment to returning cash to our shareholders, we also announced board approval today for a new four-year, $1 billion stock repurchase program and an 11% increase in our quarterly dividend. With this change, we have increased our quarterly dividend by 156% since 2007. Now, regional highlights for 2014 are as follows. In the U.S. underlying pretax earnings increased nearly 3%, driven by positive pricing, sales mix and cost savings. We grew revenue per hectoliter and increased our percent of sales in above premium, while working to restore growth to Coors Light and Miller Lite. Miller Lite returned to growth in the fourth quarter with a total brand overhaul and redesign focusing on the brand’s authenticity and heritage, and Coors Banquet grew volume for the eighth consecutive year. We also continued to grow the Above Premium segment with higher-margin offerings, notably Redd’s, Blue Moon Belgian White and Leinenkugel’s Summer Shandy. Brand innovations designed to drive margin improvement included Miller Fortune, Smith & Forge Hard Cider, Redd’s Wicked Apple, and Coors Light Summer Brew. Our Canada underlying earnings declined 7.1% due to unfavorable foreign currency movements and the impact of terminating our Modelo joint venture early in the year, which had a combined negative profit impact of approximately $35 million. Canada sales to retail, or STRs, declined 4.7%, with more than half of this decline due to the loss of the Modelo brands. Molson Canadian gained share in its segment, and the combined Coors Banquet and Coors Light brand family grew Canada market share versus 2013. In above-premium, Coors Banquet delivered strong volume and share growth in 2014, as did our Creemore craft brand, and we expanded Molson Canadian Cider and extended our partnership for the marketing and distribution of the Heineken and Strongbow brands. Margin-enhancing innovations included introducing Mad Jack Apple Lager and new craft flavor extensions for Canada’s consumers. During the year, our Canada team drove positive pricing and sales mix, achieved significant cost savings, and invested strongly in improving the efficiency of our brewery network. Our Europe business in 2014 delivered higher net sales and gross margins, along with double-digit underlying pretax earnings growth. We worked against a weak economy all year, and severe flooding in some of our highest-share markets in early summer clearly compounded the challenges. Nonetheless, we maintained market share across the region on the strength of our core brands, or above-premium portfolio and innovation. Our craft and above-premium brands performed well, with Coors Light, Doom Bar, Cobra, and Staropramen outside the Czech Republic leading growth. And innovations during the year included Carling British Cider, new craft beer launches, and cold-activated packaging across multiple markets. Our International business delivered double-digit growth in volume, net sales and gross profit in 2014, despite the continuing challenges in Ukraine and Russia. Coors Light volume in Latin America continued to grow at a strong double-digit rate, and we recently launched Coors Light in Chile and Coors 1873 in select Latin American markets. In India, we grew volume at a double-digit rate and increased our market share. As a result of strong topline growth and cost control, we reduced the underlying international loss by 17.9% versus 2013. Now, I'll turn it over to Gavin to give fourth quarter financial highlights and perspective on 2015. Gavin over to you.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Thank you, Mark, and hello everybody. In fourth quarter financial highlights Molson Coors net sales were down approximately 5% in the U.S. dollars entirely due to foreign currency. Constant-currency net sales grew nearly 1% from the strength of positive and sales mix globally along with higher volume in Europe and international. Worldwide beer volume from Molson Coors decreased 1.3% due to lower volume in the U.S. and Canada partially offset by growth in Europe and international. Underlying after tax income decreased 21% to $102.1 million or $0.55 per share. Our underlying pretax income also decreased 21% with approximately one-third of this change driven by unfavorable foreign currency and the balance due to increased brand investments and incentive compensation this year along with lower volume in the United States and Canada and the termination of our Modelo brands agreement in Canada. Foreign currency had a negative $11 million or 31% impact on pretax income in the quarter. On a U.S. GAAP basis, we reported income from continuing operations attributable to Molson Coors Brewing company of $93.2 million which is 31.9% lower than in the prior year due to a higher effective tax rate and favorable foreign currency, low worldwide volume and increase brand investments. Our underlying EBITDA was $273.9 million in the fourth quarter 14.6% lower than a year ago driven by lower earnings in the United States, Canada and Europe, please see the earning release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the quarter. In the area of cost savings we exceeded our 2014 goals by achieving more than $70 million of cost reductions across our company driven by Canada and Europe. These results exclude Molson Coors which provided another $60 million of cost savings in 2014 at our 42% ownership rate. We expect cp0st savings over the next few years to be in our medium term range of $40 million to $60 million and come primarily from Canada, with diminished savings from Europe. We also successfully concluded our three year working capital initiatives with a total improvement of $378 million since 2012, which is $78 million above our original target. We drove working capital lower by $66 million, $253 million and $59 million for 2012, 2013 and 2014 respectively. We intend to continue to push hard on working capital in the years ahead to generate free cash flow. We are also pleased that we exceeded our underlying free cash flow goal for 2014 by generating a total of $957 million of free cash an increase of $65 million or 7.3% versus 2013. Higher underlying free cash flow was driven by increased distributions from Molson Coors in higher underlying income as well as lower cash paid for pension contributions, capital expenditures, interest and taxes. These improvements were partially offset by a decreased benefit from changes in net working capital. Our 2014 free cash flow included the following factors, $1.27 billion of operating cash flow, and $56 million of net deductions, mainly cash received for the accelerated termination of the Heineken contract brewing agreement in the United Kingdon and the Modelo joint venture and Miller brands agreement in Canada, which were partially offset by cash used for restructuring activities. Investing cash outflows included, $260 million of capital spending. Our cash flows to and from MillerCoors were broadly neutral. A detailed reconciliation of our 2014 underlying free cash flow is available in our earnings release this morning. Total debt at the end of the fourth quarter was $3.187 billion, and cash and cash equivalents totaled $625 million, resulting in net debt of $2.562 billion, which is $171 million lower than at the beginning of the fourth quarter and $796 million lower than a year ago. During the past several years, we have used our cash not only for growth opportunities, but also to continue to strengthen the Company’s balance sheet and to more than double our dividends per share. The combination of strong cash generation and significant debt reduction now gives us the opportunity to increase returns to shareholders through a stock repurchase program. Our board has approved a new program to repurchase up to $1 billion of the Company’s Class A and Class B Common shares, which we expect to implement over the next four years. We anticipate that the stock repurchases will be weighted toward the last two years of the program. This new stock buyback program reflects our continued confidence in the long-term growth and cash generating potential of our Company, as well as our commitment to returning cash to our shareholders. Also, our board has authorized another increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.37 per share to $0.41 per share, beginning in the first quarter of 2015. This 11% increase results in an annual dividend amount of $1.64 per share, which represents a payout ratio of 20.6% of 2014 underlying EBITDA. We continue to target a dividend payout in the range of 18% to 22% of trailing underlying EBITDA, which we anticipate will keep our dividend in a competitive range for global beer companies for the foreseeable future. With the buyback and dividend announcements today, we are pleased to be in a strong position to increase cash returns to Molson Coors shareholders, while preserving financial flexibility to explore growth opportunities and meet our pension obligations in the future. As always, potential cash uses will be vetted by our disciplined process, including our PACC model, and must meet our firm criteria of providing a clear view to near-term earnings accretion and building long-term shareholder value. Looking forward to 2015, our annual target for underlying free cash flow is $550 million, plus or minus 10% at January 31 foreign currency rates. This goal is $407 million lower than our 2014 result because of five primary factors. Our strong push on working capital had better results than expected in 2014, including from MillerCoors, and some of these improvements were originally expected to be achieved in 2015. Second, some of our large customers paid invoices early, which we were not expecting and are unlikely to repeat. At current rates, we expect foreign currency to be a significant headwind for both cash and profit generation in 2015. More on this in a few minutes from Mark. We anticipate increasing capital investment behind cost savings projects and innovation to drive future growth, profit and improved volumes. And finally, increased cash tax payments as we continue to move toward a cash tax rate closer to our normalized effective tax rate. Over the two-year period of 2014 and 2015, we expect to deliver more than $1.5 billion in underlying free cash flow, which averages at the top end of our original cash guidance range for last year. Currently, we expect cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans to be in the range of $300 million to $320 million in 2015, up from $75 million last year, including our 42% of MillerCoors contributions. This increase is primarily due to an additional voluntary contribution of approximately $230 million we made early this year to our U.K. pension plan, as well as moderately higher contributions to the Canada and MillerCoors plans. We do plan to exclude the additional U.K. contribution from our underlying free cash flow calculation, as we have done in the past. Meanwhile, we anticipate 2015 pension expense of approximately $27 million, down slightly from $32 million last year. Note that all of these pension numbers include our 42% of MillerCoors. The overall funded status of our defined-benefit pension plans, again including MillerCoors, declined about 2 percentage points from a year ago to 90% at the end of 2014. This decrease was driven by lower year-end interest rates and longer life expectancies for pensioners versus a year ago. Our 2015 capital spending outlook is approximately $330 million, up from $291 million last year, primarily due to planned supply chain capital projects in Canada and keg purchases in Europe. We expect our 2015 MG&A expense in Corporate to be approximately $110 million. Our consolidated net interest expense outlook for 2015 is approximately $120 million. We expect our 2015 underlying effective tax rate to be in the range of 18% to 22%, assuming no further changes in tax laws, settlement of tax audits, or adjustments to our uncertain tax positions. We continue to expect our long-term tax rate to be in a range of 20% to 24%. As far as our cost outlook is concerned in the U.S., we expect MillerCoors cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a low-single-digit rate for the full-year 2015. In Canada, we expect our 2015 COGS to increase at a mid-single-digit rate per hectoliter in local currency. In Europe, we anticipate a mid-single-digit decrease in cost of good sold per hectoliter this year in local currency, and our International business anticipates a low-double-digit decrease primarily due to changes in geographic mix and foreign currency. In each of our businesses, we anticipate higher costs related to product and package innovation. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Mark for outlook, wrap up and the Q&A. Mark.
Mark R. Hunter: Thanks, Gavin. In 2015, we will continue to drive our strategy of building a stronger brand portfolio that is delivering value-added innovation, or strengthening our core brand positions, and increasing our share in above premium, craft and cider. We will do this while ensuring that we have a fit for purpose cost base and a deeply embedded, PACC-led capital allocation approach. Through 2015 and beyond, I will additionally be leading for a relentless focus on delighting our consumers and our customers to ensure we are the First Choice brewer in the geographies and segments where we choose to play. 2015 will, however, throw a number of challenges our way. For nearly a year, we have flagged for you that we expect our effective tax rate to be higher than last year. We also anticipate substantial profit and cash headwinds from foreign currency and the termination of three business contracts this year. To provide a sense of our FX challenge, if we were to apply foreign exchange rates at the end of last month to our 2014 results, it would reduce last year’s underlying pretax earnings by more than $70 million, or approximately 8% and the impact on cash would have been even larger. Our 2015 financial results will also be negatively affected in the U.K. by the termination of our Modelo distribution agreement and termination of our contract brewing arrangement with Heineken at the end of April. In Canada, we are terminating our Miller brands agreement at the end of March. We expect the loss of these three contracts to present a pretax profit headwind this year totaling approximately $40 million. We are taking actions to lessen the impact of losing these income streams, including the proposed closure of our Alton brewery to adjust our U.K. cost base to reflect the loss of the Heineken contract volume, along with the addition of the Femsa brands to our business in Canada and adding the Modelo brands in Central Europe. Regionally in the U.S., job number 1 is to drive for share in American Light Lagers, making sure consumers know the rich heritage behind Miller Lite and the cold-filtered Rocky Mountain refreshment of Coors Light. In 2014, we returned Miller Lite to growth in the fourth quarter with a total brand overhaul and redesign focusing on the brands authenticity and heritage. In 2015 we will bring the same focus and intensity to returning Coors Light to growth by restaging the brand while maintaining our core messaging round Rocky Mountain Refreshment. In addition, we’ll continue to transform our portfolio to above premium with innovations like Redd's, Smith & Forge Hard Cider and further extensions Leinenkugel's and Blue Moon such as our new Blue Moon White IPA. We will continue to build first choice customer partnerships working with our distributors to bring more resources to the on premise with our building with beer retail strategy, which leverages a higher velocity and broad appeal of American Light Lagers. Overall, we will invest significantly on our brands and information technology and as a result we do not expect to grow our U.S. operating margins in 2015. The Canada market remains weaker than U.S. and our team will continue to invest in supply chain efficiency and capability to streamline our Canada cost base. In core brands Molson Canadian just introduced the next chapter of its Beer Fridge campaign and Coors Light will see more retail programming and new advertising later this quarter. And above premium consumer demand remains strong for Coors Banquet, Molson Canadian Cider and Mad Jack Apple Lager. Last month, we began the national launch of Coors Altitude, a 6.4% ABV lager that is a refreshing alternative to spirits. This year, we also plan to introduce Rickard’s Radler as a seasonal. In addition to Heineken and Strongbow, we are now marketing and distributing the rest of Heineken’s top-end import brands in Canada, including Dos Equis, Tecate, Sol, Moretti and Desperados. The Europe economy continues to struggle with weak overall consumer demand and a deflationary backdrop and we expect the ongoing growth of the value segment and lower margin channels and PACC configurations to be challenges again in 2015. Our segment leading core brands such as Carling, Ozujsko and Jelen will continue to be heavily invested in 2015 while we continue the strong momentum of our above premium craft in cider portfolio. We are also adding the Modelo to our international premium brand portfolio in Central Europe this year, but volume for these brands is currently much smaller than annualized volume of the brands that we are loosing in the UK. Our international business will focus on growth and expansion in new and existing markets. We will continue to drive strong momentum on Coors Light and Coors 1873 in Latin America along with growth in our India business. At the same time, we will remain disciplined with our cost base as we move towards our goal of achieving profitability by 2016. Finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our business season very early in the first quarter. In the U.S. through January STRs decreased at a low-single digit rate. In Canada for January, they were down high-single digits. However, excluding the Modelo brands last year, our Canada STRs in January decreased at a mid-single-digit rate. Our January sales volume in Europe decreased at a low-double-digit rate. Excluding the Modelo brand volume in the U.K. last year, our volumes in Europe decreased at a high-single-digit rate primarily due to weak post-holiday sales in the U.K. Our International sales volume, including royalty volume, increased at a mid-single-digit rate. As ever, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter, and trends could change in the weeks ahead. So to summarize our discussion today, we achieved good results in 2014 and built a stronger business. We grew underlying earnings and margins, and we exceeded our goals for cost savings, cash generation and debt pay-down, despite significant headwinds during the year. And, based on our continued confidence in the long-term growth and cash generating potential of our Company, as well as our commitment to returning cash to our shareholders, we announced a double-digit increase in our quarterly dividend, along with a new stock repurchase program. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, just a quick comment. As usual, our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 1 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via web cast on our website. So, at this point Leann, we would like to open it up for questions please. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Judy E. Hong: Thank you, hi, everyone.
Mark R. Hunter: Hi, Judy.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Hi, Judy.
Judy E. Hong: So, Gavin maybe starting with your free cash flow guidance for 2015 if we just look at your two year average for last two years 7.50 it still looks like it’s a step down in terms of 200 million I know you talked about some other factors that are driving the decline, but can you also just quantify really the bigger headwinds that’s you faced the decline in terms of year-over-year from free cash flow guidance perspective.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay thanks Judy, I will just pass that straight across to Gavin. Gavin, do you want to take that one.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Sure, hi, Judy. Yes I think if you want to compare the run rate as you say it’s on average about $750 million for the two years. I guess the biggest item that wasn’t there in 2014 or 2015 will be the foreign exchange headwinds that we all experiencing Judy. Mark did reference that in his prepared remarks, from a profit of view if you’re using January 31 rates that would be around $70 million and from a cash point of view that’s slightly higher. So that’s probably the biggest headwind and then I would say the second one is our desire to increase our capital investments behind some cost savings incentives primarily in Canada, but also innovation and as I’ve said Keg purchases in Europe. So and then I guess the third item would be increased tax payments, as our cash tax rate moves closer to our normalized effective tax rates. So I would say those are the three biggest items if you comparing the ongoing run rate with the past.
Judy E. Hong: Okay. And then within that complex as we think about your new buyback announcement up to a $1 billion over four-year period, obviously encouraging to see you are returning more cash to shareholders. At the same time I think you’ve commented that the buyback will be more backend loaded. So can you just give us some perspective on the timing of the buyback whether it’s because of the free cash flow guidance for this year or are there any M&A opportunities in terms of looking at the pipeline that you want to preserve some of that financial flexibility?
Mark R. Hunter: Hi, Judy its Mark here. I mean I think just as context to the buyback I’d direct you back to the really the guidance and the philosophy we have around use of cash within the business and we’ve said that certainly as an executive team and as a board we want to strike the right balance across three critical priorities. So we’ll continue to strengthen our balance sheet and further reduce liabilities, clearly we have some pension liabilities that we need to deal with as we go through 2015. We’ll focus on returning cash to shareholders and we want to remain open to brand led growth opportunities. So I think what we’re attempting to do is strike the right balance here and the phasing of the buyback I think reflects only to retain that balance, I don’t know Gavin whether you’d want to anything to that.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Yes, Judy the only thing is I would add to that is our guidance for 2015 on free cash flow is $550 million, little over $300 million of that is going for cash dividends. And I did reference the special pension contribution we made to the UK, which is obviously taking place in 2015, in fact it’s really taking place and a net amount to about $230 million.
Judy E. Hong: Got it, okay. And then just quick last question, you cited higher incentive compensation expenses in the corporate line to be in the fourth quarter end, just wanted to see if you can quantify how much the increase was?
Gavin D. Hattersley: Not quantifying specifically that, Judy, but I’d also start some negativity in foreign exchange in the fourth quarter for the corporate division is being a driver for the increase there.
Judy E. Hong: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Gavin D. Hattersley: In fact foreign exchange was the larger driver in the fourth quarter for corporate.
Judy E. Hong: Understood. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vivien Azer from Cowen. Your line is open.
Vivien Azer: Hi, good morning.
Mark R. Hunter: Hi, Vivien
Vivien Azer: Hi, I apologize I was not on the 9 a.m. call, so I was hoping the first half of question on MillerCoors. If you could also a little bit more color on the deceleration that you saw for the above-premium segment please in the quarter?
Mark R. Hunter: Sure, I think we have Tom on the line, Tom are you with us this morning.
Tom Long: Yes, I’m here Mark.
Mark R. Hunter: And do you want to just pick-up and talk about our ongoing ambition to continue to move our portfolio in an above-premium direction and really just reflect a little bit on the short-term Q4 performance.
Tom Long: Yes, thank you. So the Tenth and Blake division which is a big portion of our above-premium business did declined low single-digits in Q4 it’s primarily due to declines in strategically deprioritize brands like Kelly and Batch 19 and Q4 growth in Leinenkugel Shandy did not offset that and that’s cyclical and that's behind us. The very important strategy of transitioning our portfolio continuously year-after-year until the above-premiums remains intact and we had pretty good numbers of 14.9% of our businesses now and above-premium was up 1.2 percentage points last year. So that continues and we’ve got a terrific portfolio of innovation for this year including Blue Moon or Horchata, Blue Moon Wide IPA, Leinenkugel’s, cranberry ginger and IPL as well as more innovation on Red’s in March we are launching Red’s green apple which has been a terrific innovation at very high margin. So that strategy remains intact and we look forward to advancing in 2015.
Vivien Azer: Terrific Tom, thank you so much and congrats on the retirement. My second question has to do with Europe, clearly the investments that you made paid off from a volume perspective, so as we think about 2015, was an incredibly volatile macro backdrop continuing to present potential headwinds, how should we think about the balance between volume growth and profitability please?
Mark R. Hunter: Thanks, Vivien it’s Mark here again I’ll hand over to Simon just in a second I think it’s fair to say that certainly the economic challenges in Europe that we are looking into in 2015 are not unusual and not very different to what we’ve been dealing with over the course of the last 18 months to 24 months and our business is working very, very hard to make sure that we continue to manage our cost base very effectively and we drive our portfolio in a more premium direction so that if pricing is difficult are challenging in Europe that we get a positive mixed impact. Simon do you want to add any color to that?
Simon Cox: Yes, I think you hit the headlines there Mark. As was referenced we’ve got a good track record I think between bouncing volume growth and profitability, so if you look back through 2014, I think the trend in 2015 in terms of the market demand of the consumer will be very similar and we’ve shown an ability to withstand that. So highlights for 2014, I point to star a prominent growth at some of the Chez Republic in a premium position product. We’ve done well with above premium products like Coors Light, Doom Bar and Cobra in the UK which helps our mix in our revenues and we’ve done well on things from our own innovation, so Carling, British cider from the UK and Cherry cider across Europe and some of our craft launches in some of our cold packaging. So when we manage that portfolio well, investing behind the premium brands and our core brands we're able to despite a difficult consumer backdrop quite elegantly navigate that volume – the growth and profitability mix. So we would be confident that we can do that again, but I would certainly point to the 2014 results as evidenced.
Vivien Azer: Thank you so much. It’s very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is opened.
Bryan D. Spillane: Hey good morning everyone.
Mark R. Hunter: Hi Bryan. Good morning.
Bryan D. Spillane: Just a couple of I guess really points of clarification and then a question. First, in terms of the free cash flow guidance, does that include – that’s inclusive or net of the pension contribution as well?
Mark R. Hunter: No Bryan that’s before the pension contribution, so.
Bryan D. Spillane: Okay. Okay, and then in terms of Coors Light and I guess a couple of questions related to Canada. Did you actually mention what Coors Light did in the fourth quarter, I might have missed that.
Mark R. Hunter: I don’t think we did mention. Stewart do you want to touch on the Coors Light performance in Q4 and probably we said in the context here of the broader Coors brand family performance which you know we’re very encouraged by.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So thanks for that Mark Coors Light actually had - very much better Q4, brand was down a couple of percent, but on a sequential basis performance was much, much better. If you took Coors Light and Banquet together those brands were flat so a good result for the Coors family in total.
Bryan D. Spillane: Stewart can we read into that. I know there has been a lot of considerable amount of focus trying to restage the Coors Light brand in Canada and so can we read into this that there has been some transaction in terms of some of the actions you have take to get Coors Light restabilize or back to growth or on a path to growth.
Mark R. Hunter: Well, I think we’ve done good things with both Coors Banquet and with Coors Light. There is more work to be done with Coors Light as we shared during the prepared remarks, we expect to see our new campaign release later this quarter. We got an action- packed 2015. And so, yes we feel good about the fourth quarter. But I think we’re working hard on making sure that’s that continues into this year.
Bryan D. Spillane: Okay. And just one last one just COGS per hectoliter in Canada being up mid single-digits on a local currency basis. Can you just walk through why I guess I thought was that it might be a little bit lower just given where some of the raw material costs are, so can you just kind of talk through some of the factors that are driving it to the mid single digit rate?
Gavin D. Hattersley: Okay, yes, look sure I mean I think that you’ve got to consider where you believe the average inflation to be and then we layer on top of that any expected deleverage those would be the big drivers. Of course also we may see a little bit of FX impact as a result of U.S. denominated imports like Banquet as well as any other products we buy for out of the U.S.
Bryan D. Spillane: Okay, thank you.
Mark R. Hunter: Right, Bryan just one additional comment…
Krishnan Anand: Bryan I would just add to that I mean obviously that the efforts which Stewart and his team are putting behind innovation will tend to drive COGS up from a mix point of view. And then we did have MMR for Q1 of 2014. So we will feel the impact in Q1 of 2015 of not getting the cost recoveries coming through there, so those are two items I would add to Stewart.
Bryan D. Spillane: All right. So that’s helpful there is a mix component that’s driving at above and beyond just what you are paying for raw material.
Krishnan Anand: Correct.
Mark R. Hunter: Correct.
Bryan D. Spillane: All right. Thank you very much.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Thanks Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of John Faucher from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
John A. Faucher: Yes, hi good morning. I know Dave is going to be doing the modeling call a little bit later. But just conceptually if we look at those two headwinds you talked about would be FX in the last contracts that adds up to about $110 million. And as we look to model this if we strip out that the MillerCoors piece, you’re looking at a base probably if you have about $500 million from an operating profit. So it’s a big slug there. How do we think about the offsets or is that something where we say with those – you are just going to have those headwinds and it just going to be tough year and you work through them. So I guess I am asking what’s the big offset relative to the $110 million headwind? Thanks.
Mark R. Hunter: Hi, John its Mark here I mean we don’t give earnings guidance as I think you are aware what we try to do is, I can give you transparency on a couple of areas, which we’ll be leaning into very, very hard through this year. So I’m not going to give you a sense is to the mitigation plans, but take it from me as an organization that we’re lined up to continue to drive the underlying performance of the business, make sure that we invest in the business for driving value over the medium to long-term and we won’t do anything that undermines the business to deflect some of those more material headwinds, other than continue to drive the performance across our brands and our cost base and I can’t give you and won’t give you anymore specific detail in that.
John A. Faucher: Okay, if I can just follow-up and I apologize because this might had come out in your answer to Bryan’s question, but I just want to make sure the FX guidance is inclusive of all of the transactional pieces et cetera. So you mentioned shipping Bankwood out of the U.S. internationally. That’s all inclusive in that 70 some odd million, is that correct?
Gavin D. Hattersley: John, let me take that one. From an FX point of view the $70 million which Mark referred to is a translational impact for Molson Coors. And when you look at how the CAD is devalued since January of last year, it’s around 14% and the Euro is devalued about 17% to the end of January. So in combination that’s what’s driving primarily the $70 million. Any FX movements that impact cost of goods sold would be included in the cost of goods sold guidance which we gave you by business unit.
John A. Faucher: Okay, great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Shackleton from Nomura. Your line is open.
Ian Shackleton: Yes, good morning gentlemen. Mark, this is obviously your first call as CEO, and I also quite interested in terms of what perhaps the new approaches you see for the business that we talked about last year?
Mark R. Hunter: Couple of comments I mean I think if you look at our performance through 2014 in our total TSR growth, that for me underlines volatility of our existing strategy and a direction of travel of the business and all of our businesses grew underlying profit last year, when you [indiscernible] FX in the Modelo JV. So I don’t think our business requires any significant adjustment and direction of travel. So expect going forward more of the same plus the relentless focus on really driving more of a first choice consumer and customer agenda in our origination really getting connected with what is going to take to one in all of our markets of course the consumer and a customer level. Look for an accelerated thought within MCI and also expect our PACC model and our PACC approach to be driven right to the front end of our business and to the short floor and that’s something which is already work in progress through 2015. So very much the same course of direction, but heightened just focus on three specific areas.
Ian Shackleton: That’s very useful thank you. Just a couple of specifics and I think in the fourth quarter you have positive price mix in Canada, does that give you confidence that would ease something more of a trend going forward?
Gavin D. Hattersley: I am always vary of calling any quarterly performance as a trend I think we feel very good about the progress that Stewart and his team has been making in Canada I mean both from a cost restructuring perspective and also the focus in our tough volume market really continue to drive our NSR per hectoliter. So I think the team have made continued progress through 2014 and that was again demonstrated in the final quarter. So I think in a tough volume environment we are focused in the right areas in our Canadian business.
Ian Shackleton: My final question was around oil and obviously this presume a little bit of benefit in some of the COGS guidance from lower oil, and but I was quickly interested around distribution cost I guess this is probably bigger issue in Europe for you but certainly in Canada, but I mean is there a benefit that we need to bare in mind for 2015?
Mark R. Hunter: It’s already contained really within the COGS guidance that we offered Ian, so I wouldn’t call as a particular material adjustment over and above the guidance that’s been offered.
Ian Shackleton: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Mark Swartzberg from Stifel. Your line is open.
Mark D. Swartzberg: Yes, thanks good morning everyone. I guess two questions one is really a follow-up to Bryan’s on the COGS you specifically for the U.S., Canada you are saying mid single-digits and again we have this favorable import environment that we don’t have transactional issues here in the U.S., so can you just speak more to why the plus to single-digits is it primarily a mix things then I had a second question.
Tom Long: Mark, I would just say it’s primarily a mix issue as they put a lot of focus on innovation. Yes that’s a simple and short answer.
Mark R. Hunter: Yes, and Mark the offset you see it comes through on the NSR per hectoliter, so I think Tom and his team have done a really nice job again in a tough volume market of really focusing on driving the revenue link and you’ll see the benefit for innovations comes through and Tracey has already mentioned guidance on NSR per hec of 2% to 4% growth. So we got to drive the innovation portfolio and that comes as normally, but a slightly hard cost at COGS level.
Mark D. Swartzberg: Got it. And then as we think about the way you are budgeting for 2015 versus perhaps are you budgeting few months ago, pretty soft start to the year and to John’s question about in the number you have given us of about $110 million or so EBIT drag. Is it fair to think that the soft start to the year had a big influence on how you are thinking about the budget you had a few months ago?
Mark R. Hunter: No I don’t think it’s fair to say that. Our budget was coming through the fourth quarter of last year; certainly the volume numbers in the first few weeks of 2015 don’t in anyway lead us to change our thinking for 2015.
Mark D. Swartzberg: Got it.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Mark the other thing obviously is January is a very small month for us right and its just a small part of the first quarter with February I haven’t been clear on as we are continuing to drive on our cost savings programs so we are still driving on the $40 million to $60 million guidance which I gave a couple of years ago and continue to put a lot focus on that.
Mark D. Swartzberg: Got it. Got it great. Thank you guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our next question comes from the line of Rob Ottenstein from ISI.
Robert E. Ottenstein: Great thank you. I guess there is a prior question on how much the incentive comp was up and you didn’t want to answer that and I understand that but I was wondering if you could tell us to what degree the incentive comp is tied to cash flow generation and because the cash flow generation was so much higher than expected that was the driver for the increase in the incentive comp.
Mark R. Hunter: Hi Rob, it’s Mark. I mean we wont go into deep, the specific details of our compensation programs, but across our business our people are rewarded for top line, bottom line in cash performance and for our senior team results are longer term component PACC, but beyond that I wont go into any specific detail other than to say that the cash element is actually the smallest element of the compensation structure. So it doesn’t have an over bearing impact on the total incentive line.
Gavin D. Hattersley: And Rob I don’t know if you were on the call earlier, but I would also add to that actually the biggest part of the $6 million increase in corporate loss was related to unfavorable foreign currency movements, the lion share of it actually was.
Robert E. Ottenstein: Okay and a different question. In terms of Coors Light now globally, what percentage of the volume is sold outside of the U.S?
Mark R. Hunter: Well that’s a good question. Kandy, you answer some of that?
Krishnan Anand: Yes. So Rob, in terms of the Coors Light sales outside the U.S. and Canada, that’s your question?
Robert E. Ottenstein: No, no, globally, just the total Coors Light sales to the entire company, how much is U.S. - what percent of volume is U.S. and what percent is international?
Mark R. Hunter: That’s not in our finger tips, we are just checking for you.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Take the 42% Robert, it still be somewhat less than 50% of the global Coors Lights sales are sold outside the U.S. that would include places in Kandy’s organization, that would include Canada, a really nice growth business in the UK, yes, those are the main headlines.
Robert E. Ottenstein: Kandy, you had the announcement that you are going to be taking the Coors brands into Chile working with CCU on that assuming would you also be interested, you think in going into Columbia with those brands?
Mark R. Hunter: Yes, Rob let me pass that across to Kandy.
Krishnan Anand: Thanks, Rob. So overall as you know we are very pleased with our progress on Coors Light especially in Latin America the consumer, customer and our partner interest and acceptance of brand is at a high level, we’ve been growing strong double-digit, we’ve just launched the brand in Chile with CCU and we’ve also launched Coors 1873 which part of it - it’s early days are doing pretty well in the market, beyond that we are not going to give you guidance on specific markets for obvious competitive and other reasons.
Robert E. Ottenstein: Thank you.
Mark R. Hunter: Thanks, Kandy. And Rob just to come back to your specific question on the proposition of Coors Light volume outside of North America so including Canada, that’s about 15% to 17%, so principally in international business and in our UK and Ireland business.
Robert E. Ottenstein: Thank you very much. End of Q&A
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to our presenters for closing remarks.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Leann. And many thanks everybody for joining us this morning at Molson Coors Brewing Company. We do appreciate your time and your questions and we look forward to speaking with you on our Q1 earnings call and then seeing many of you in New York our Analyst Meeting later this year. Many thanks.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter S. Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gavin D. Hattersley - Global Chief Financial Officer Stewart F. Glendinning - Chief Executive Officer and President Tom Long - Chief Executive Officer Mark R. Hunter - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Europe and President of Molson Coors Europe David Dunnewald - Vice President of Global Investor Relations Gavin D. Hattersley - Director Krishnan Anand - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors International and President of Molson Coors International
Analysts: Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Steib - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI, Research Division Andrew Holland - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Tristan Van Strien - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's safe harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time-to-time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. Now I would like to turn the call over to Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Jonah. Hello. Welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call and thank you for joining us today. With me on the call this morning are Gavin Hattersley, Molson Coors' CFO; Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors; Stewart Glendinning, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors Europe; Kandy Anand, CEO of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors' Chief Legal and People Officer; Brian Tabolt, Molson Coors' Controller; Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors' VP of Investor Relations, and I'm delighted to say that our Chairman, Pete Coors, has -- is also joining us today. On the call today, Gavin and I will take you through highlights of our third quarter 2014 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective in the final quarter of 2014. In the third quarter, our underlying after tax income decreased 2.7% and underlying EBITDA declined 2.5%. While we continue to expand gross margins and generate substantial cash, the underlying results were impacted by negative foreign currency movements, increased marketing spending and the loss of the Modelo business in Canada, partially offset by the release of a reserve following the favorable resolution of a regulatory matter in Europe, all of which accounted for a combined $22 million negative pretax impact to the quarter. Despite these headwinds, we continued to strengthen our brand portfolio, deliver value-added innovation, grow our share of above premium, implement common processes and focus on profit after capital charge as the key driver of our cash and capital allocation strategy. However, on a U.S. GAAP basis, we reported a pretax loss due to a $360 million impairment of the Jelen and Ožujsko, 2 of our brands in Europe. The largest markets for these brands are Serbia, Bosnia and Croatia, where 2 primary factors drove the impairments: first, weak consumer demand, which we expect to be exacerbated by the long-term impact of the severe flooding in May; and second, the growth of the low-price value segment. In the third quarter, Coors Light global volume, including our proportional percentage of MillerCoors volumes, decreased approximately 1% versus a year ago due to underperformance in Canada and the U.S., and we are implementing plans to reverse the trends in these markets. Meanwhile, Coors Light grew more than 15% in the United Kingdom and much faster in Latin America, and Coors Banquet grew share in both U.S. and Canada. Volume for Carling, the #1 brand in the United Kingdom, declined in the quarter, as we cycled unusually warm weather a year ago and felt the after-effects of some aggressive World Cup competitive pricing noted in the second quarter. Our Carling and the overall share trends in the United Kingdom improved in the second quarter to the third quarter. And we still expect to see overall share growth in the second half of the year. Our Europe above-premium portfolio continued to grow strongly, led by Coors Light and Doom Bar. Staropramen volume in Central Europe, outside of the Czech Republic, also continued its growth trajectory, and additionally, the brand achieved strong growth in the international markets of Germany and the United Kingdom. In the U.S., pretax earnings increased nearly 3% in the quarter, driven by positive pricing, sales mix and cost savings. The U.S. business has not recovered as quickly as we had hoped, but we were able to grow our above-premium brands. Premium and Premium Light beers continue to underperform the overall market, but Miller Lite held share of its segment on the strength of its Original Lite package redesign, which now extends to Canada's bottles, aluminum pints and secondary packaging. In Canada, our termination of the distribution rights to the Modelo brands early this year drove more than 2/3 of the decrease in constant currency earnings in the third quarter. During the quarter, we've also resolved our dispute with SABMiller regarding the Miller brands in Canada. As a consequence, we will no longer distribute these brands after March next year. In above premium, Coors Banquet delivered strong volume and share growth, as did our Creemore craft brand. The combined Coors Light and Banquet brand family grew market share from a year ago. Canada financial results also benefited from substantial cost savings, higher net pricing and positive mix versus a year ago. Our Europe business grew earnings, despite the ongoing negative impacts of the floods in Serbia, Croatia and Bosnia earlier in the year. Industry volume was down 6%, with the floods occurring in some of our highest share Europe markets, therefore, just proportionately affecting our business. Nonetheless, our overall share declined only slightly in the quarter, and we grew share in Croatia, Romania and Hungary. On a year-to-date basis, our Europe business has held share, despite the impact of the floods. Our International business continued improving its top line performance by growing volume and net sales of double-digit rates in the quarter. Coors Light continued to grow at strong double-digit rates in Latin America, and volume more than doubled in India. Now I'll turn it over to Gavin to give third quarter financial highlights and a perspective on the fourth quarter. Gavin?
Gavin D. Hattersley: Thank you, Peter, and hello, everybody. Molson Coors' third quarter underlying after tax earnings decreased 2.7% to $271.5 million or $1.46 per share, driven by lower volume, a double-digit increase in brand investments, unfavorable foreign currency movements and a higher underlying effective tax rate. Our underlying pretax income in constant currency increased 0.7% due to improved financial performance in the U.S. and Europe as well as lower underlying corporate interests. Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors decreased 3.4% due to lower volume in the U.S., Canada and Europe, partially offset by double-digit growth in international. On a U.S. GAAP basis, we posted a $35.7 million net loss from continuing operations, attributable to MCBC due to special charges related to the impairment of intangible brand assets in Europe. Special and other noncore items are described in detail in this morning's earnings release. Now I'll provide an overview of our results, with MillerCoors presented as if it were proportionally consolidated. This is a non-GAAP approach, but we believe it provides a useful view of some key performance metrics for our business. On this basis, total company net sales increased 0.2% from the prior year, driven by positive pricing and mix, which were largely offset by lower volume. On a per hectoliter basis, net sales increased 2.7% due to higher pricing and mix in the United States and Canada as well as positive geographic mix in Europe. Underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 2.6% due to higher costs in Europe and the U.S., largely due to mix impacts, partially offset by lower costs in Canada due to foreign currency and international due to mix. Total company underlying gross margin was unchanged at 41.6%, as U.S. and Canada margins improved and Europe and international gross margins declined from a year ago. Underlying marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 0.9%, driven by Canada, international and the U.S., partially offset by Europe. Underlying operating margin was 18.1%, 10 basis points lower than a year ago, due to lower operating margins in Canada and international. Our underlying EBITDA was $469.2 million in the third quarter, 2.5% lower than a year ago, driven by the lower earnings in Canada and higher foreign currency losses in corporate. Year-to-date underlying EBITDA of $1.2 billion represents an increase of 4.2% versus a year ago. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the quarter. As I have mentioned on previous calls, we have discontinued sales curve accounting for our marketing and sales expense, beginning in 2014. This change has no effect on the total amount of annual marketing and sales spending reported, but it does affect the quarterly timing of this expense. The business changes being presented retrospectively, we have recast prior periods to reflect the new treatment. The elimination of sales curve accounting has the effect of decreasing the previously reported third quarter 2013 MG&A expense by $17 million, which was offset in the first half of the year. The specific 2013 quarterly impacts are posted on our website. Underlying free cash flow for the first 3 quarters of 2014 totaled $766.1 million. This $19.3 million increase was driven by higher net cash distributions from MillerCoors and lower cash paid for pension contributions, capital spending and interest versus last year, which were partially offset by our lower working capital benefit. Our year-to-date 2014 free cash flow included the following factors: $1.06 billion of operating cash flow and $55 million of net deductions, mainly $63 million of cash received for the accelerated termination of the Modelo joint venture in Canada, which was partially offset by cash used for restructuring activities. Investing cash flows included $196 million of capital spending. Our underlying free cash flow included $1.05 billion of cash distributions and $1.1 billion of cash invested in MillerCoors, along with $5 million of positive adjustments from MillerCoors' cash payments for special charges and investments in businesses. Total debt at the end of the third quarter was $3.45 billion, and cash and cash equivalents totaled $722 million, resulting in net debt of $2.73 billion, which is $422 million lower than at the beginning of the third quarter and $753 million lower than a year ago. Our 2014 guidance is unchanged from last quarter in the following 6 areas. Although we are not changing our 2014 underlying free cash flow target of $775 million, plus or minus 10%, we currently expect our result for the year to be in the upper half of this range, that is between $775 million and $850 million. Our capital spending guidance is approximately $315 million. Consolidated net interest expense is approximately $135 million. We expect defined benefit pension expense of approximately $35 million and cash contributions of $60 million to $90 million, including our 42% share of MillerCoors expense and cash. Corporate MG&A expense of approximately $110 million, and we anticipate our 2014 underlying effective tax rate to be in the range of 12% to 16% and the other low end of our long-term range of 20% to 24% next year, assuming no further changes in tax laws, settlement of tax audits or adjustments to our uncertain tax positions. In 2014, regional cost outlook in local currency, we now expect international cost of goods sold per hectoliter to decrease in a mid-single-digit rate for the full year, driven by geographic mix and foreign currency movements. Previous guidance was for a low single-digit increase. We continue to expect MillerCoors and Canada cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase to the low single-digit rate for the full year and Europe to decrease with a low single-digit rate. So at this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for outlook, wrap-up and the Q&A. Peter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Gavin. We continue to drive our strategy of building our core and above-premium brands and increasing sales for our innovation pipeline. In the U.S., we continue to migrate our portfolio to the high end, and new launches, like Redd's Wicked Apple, are helping to drive positive mix and an NSR per hectoliter growth. We're in the process of changing all the primary and secondary packaging on Miller Lite to the Original white look that has worked so well on the can. And by early 2015, we will extend the redesign to every consumer touch point. Coors Light saw a new creative in the period, which brought the breadth of brand closer to the Rocky Mountain Cold Refreshment proposition. We are continuing with our business transformation initiative, and we expect this initiative, combined with brand investments, to drive significantly higher MG&A expense in the fourth quarter versus 2013. Looking to the fourth quarter in Canada, the termination of our arrangement for the Modelo brands will continue to negatively impact our comparative profit performance by approximately USD 4 million. In core brands, Molson Canadian is now loading out the next chapter of the Beer Fridge campaign, which leverages our NHL partnership. Early in 2015, Coors Light will see more retail activity and new advertising as part of our effort to turn around our largest brand. In above-premium, consumer demand remained strong for Coors Banquet, recently relaunched Molson Canadian Cider and newly launched Mad Jack Apple Lager. During the third quarter, we agreed to extend our partnership for the marketing and distribution of the Heineken and Strong Brew brands. And starting in January, we will also be selling the rest of their top-end import brands, including Dos Equis, Tecate, Sol, Moretti and Desperados. In Europe, in the fourth quarter, we will be increasing market investment to further strengthen our share position. Carling is being supported with heavyweight advertising like consumer promotional activity. Coors Light will be concluding its successful advertising-led ice bar activity. The Sharp's portfolio will continue to be expanded through new beer styles and Jelen will be supported by the launch of a new creative platform in Serbia. Despite weak consumer demand in Central Europe, our team continues to improve our brand health and sales execution. Our International business plans continue to invest to drive strong growth and make additional progress towards its goal of achieving profitability by 2016. In the fourth quarter, across all of our businesses, we anticipate higher brand investments in local currency. And at today's rates, foreign currency will be a significant headwind, primarily in Canada. Finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the fourth quarter. In the U.S. to October 25, STRs decreased to the low single-digit rate. In Canada, for all of October, they were up high single digits. Excluding the Modelo brands last year, our Canada STRs in October increased a low double-digit rate due to our switch to the Gregorian calendar, which includes 3 more days in the period this year versus last year. Our October sales volume in Europe increased at a high single-digit rate, primarily due to the change in the Gregorian calendar in the U.K. On our international sales volume, including royalty volume, increased to the double-digit rate. As ever, please keep in mind these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. To summarize our discussion today, our third quarter results were impacted by weak consumer demand in our core markets, higher marketing spending, the loss of the Modelo brand's income Canada and unfavorable foreign currency movements. On a U.S. GAAP basis, we also had the impairment of the Jelen and Ožujsko brands in Europe. Despite these headwinds, we continue to build a stronger brand portfolio, deliver value-added innovation, invest in our core brands and increase our share of the premium. We remain focused on the fundamentals of our business. We have leading brand position in the world's most profitable beer markets. We are improving the efficiency of our operations, and we are successfully combining our distribution muscle with our proven ability to innovate and grow both large and small brands. This strategy is delivering expanded gross margins, positive pricing and sales mix and cost reduction, along with steady, strong underlying EBITDA and cash returns to shareholders. On a more personal note, with my retirement at the end of the year, I wanted to express my sincere appreciation for your interest in Molson Coors Brewing Company. It's been my great pleasure over the past 6.5 years to lead the team here and to get to know all of you. As I wrap up my final earnings conference call, I want to assure you that my transfer of leadership to Mark is progressing smoothly, and I'm confident that he and the team here will continue to drive our growth strategy and our path model through the organization, all with a goal of enhancing long-term shareholder value. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. As usual, our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 1 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. So at this point, Jonah, we'd like to open it up for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So I guess, my first question is just a little bit more color around Canada. It looks like the year-to-date volume, obviously, was relatively weak, but if you exclude the profit impact from the loss of Modelo business, it looks like your profit eggs [ph] is actually trending more positively. So I just wanted to understand how sustainable that is. It also looks like price mix was up 3% in the third quarter, which was also better than what we've seen. So can you just also talk about what's driving that improvement? And then the October number, I know there's a timing change with the Gregorian calendar. But just -- it also looks like maybe it's a better number than what we've seen, even adjusting for that calendar change. So can you just talk about the October performance in the context of what we've been seeing in Canada?
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Judy, I'll give Stewart a bit of thinking time, and yes, he makes a note of all those questions. But just generally, I think as far as Canada is concerned and the whole business is concerned, I mean, what you're seeing, I think, is just a continuum of what we've experienced here in Europe. Overall, nothing much has changed in the macro environment. But as we signaled in Canada, I think there's a number of things we are doing in the revenue management space, in the cost savings space. But overall, the market remains much the same, as we've experienced for the first half. Stewart, do you want to pick up the detail on the -- on Judy's questions?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, sure. Thanks, Peter. So Judy, yes, look, looking at the third quarter, I mean, the biggest impact on the quarter was, as you cite, Modelo. If you remove Modelo, then the factors that really contributed to the negative were much higher spending around marketing in Q3. We called that out last quarter. And that's just due to phasing during the year, and that would've been also overcoming higher-than-expected -- oh, sorry, lower-than-normal incentive comp in Q3 of last year. So I'd say, yes, overall, results were positive. I think what we were most pleased about was the results at the gross margin line. Having said that, we still face the volume challenge, and that is the area that we're faced in our business. And in terms of your point about sustainability, volume will be important for us looking ahead. From a price mix perspective, very positive quarter, about half of that was driven by price and about half by mix, and with respect to October volumes, if you strip out the extra days, then the trends aren't dramatically different than they were in the third quarter. Does that help?
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That helps. On the price mix side, Stewart, just -- I know you've made some efforts in introducing some of the products in the high end. But just any granularity in terms of that 3% sort of price-mix combination? How sustainable is that piece?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, I mean, I'll just tell you the drivers of mix. I'm not going to comment on what the future looks like, but the drivers of the positive mix have been our driving harder against the above-premium space. That's the strategy for our company and that is something that, of course, we are driving harder in Canada. Second of all, we have been focused around our revenue management and have been pretty clearly focused on the returns of various promotions. So the combination of those things is what's driven the positives. Having said that, I mean, the environment, as a whole, is still very competitive.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then I guess, Gavin, just the free cash flow generation clearly coming in at the high end of your expectation, wanted to just get your view on the timing in which you get to sort of your leverage target. I think before, you said, by year-end this year or early next year. It seems like maybe that timing is getting a little bit expedited. And then just in the context of thinking about capital allocation, I know we've asked this question in the past. But with the stock price having run up year-to-date, how do you think about sort of cash return versus investing in the business versus acquisition? Just any thoughts on any changes to that strategy.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Well, the short answer to your last question, Judy, is no, no changes to the way we look at capital allocation. We will continue to look at returning cash to our shareholders. We will continue to strengthen our balance sheet and we'll continue to look to invest behind growth opportunities, specifically behind our global brands. So no, that won't change. What I did say in New York and I think I said it again in Boston was that we expect to get back to our StarBev pre-acquisition leverage ratios in the earlier part of next year. And at that point in time, obviously, share buybacks come back on to the table as a consideration set, and we'll make whatever decisions we think are in the best interest of our shareholders as we go along.
Peter S. Swinburn: All I would add to that, Judy, is whatever decisions we make will go through our path model, and that will drive the consideration as to how we allocate our capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Steib with Credit Suisse.
Michael Steib - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can I switch to the U.S., perhaps? In the press release this morning, you highlighted higher expenses relating to the business transformation initiative. I wonder if you could give us a bit more background on your initiatives there and also whether these expenses were higher than what you had initially planned. And then following on from the earlier question, do you see any opportunities in the U.S. to pursue sort of bolt-on acquisitions in the above-premium segment? Clearly, your biggest competitor there is doing exactly that.
Peter S. Swinburn: I'll let Tom pick up on the detail. But as far as business transformation is concerned, obviously, we're not going to talk in detail about how much expenditure we've got in the fourth quarter. Just to say that this is a program that's already been in the organization for a couple of years. It's driven out significant cost savings. We do have a lot of money to spend on infrastructure, specifically systems, and you're seeing the beginning of that coming through in the fourth quarter. But Tom, do you want to talk to the detail of business transformation and also the last question on the above premium?
Tom Long: Yes. Thank you, Peter. So you really hit the question. That portion of business transformation that has increased and will also increase in the fourth quarter is around systems of business process and systems. These are systems investments that we have planned, and now those expenses are coming through. Not much more to say on that. In terms of bolt-on acquisitions, it's very true that many craft brewers are on the market right now and increasingly so, and we're very engaged in a number of those discussions. We're actively looking at those that would create incremental shareholder value, but it's also no secret that those valuations are extremely high right now.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Tom. And again, just to reemphasize on that. I mean, we have, as you know, over the years, had some very successful bolt-on acquisitions, such as Doom Bar and Cobra and Creemore and so on. But the same -- we'll use the same discipline as we talked, that Gavin talked about earlier in terms of capital allocation. If we can't get a return that we want on any acquisition, big or small, then we will not undertake it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Wanted to follow up on the European business and sort of trying to decipher the geographic mix, as you look at the better performance in the U.K. relative to Central Europe and how much -- what's the real sort of pricing environment look like in these markets? And how long do you think you'll continue to benefit from that mix benefit as we look at the -- some of the structural problems involved with the Central and Eastern European business?
Peter S. Swinburn: All right, okay. Well, I'll pass it on to Mark in a minute. But just as a headline, we don't deconstruct the yield of business by country, so we can't go into that detail. But Mark, do you want to give an overall flavor about pricing?
Mark R. Hunter: Sure. I mean, I think what I would do is probably contextualize this with just the summary through the third quarter overall. Sluggish industry demand, we saw across all of the markets that we operate in. Consumers really kind of contracting from a spend perspective. So all markets were negative from an industry shipment perspective. What we are seeing is, within many of the markets, a shift from core and premium towards the value segment, which I think we've already called out in relation to a couple of our markets in particular. We've had the benefit of the U.K. performing strongly that, again, we've flagged in a couple of our quarterly reports. But beyond that, I think the pricing environment will be linked very directly to the pace of economic recovery within Europe. And I think everybody in the call will be aware that Europe has got some pretty fundamental macro challenges. As we see those improve over time, then I think the pricing environment will improve.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. And if I can just ask a follow-up on the -- to Judy's question on the Canada piece, related to the calendar shift. From high single digits, let's say, down to sort of like mid-singles, that's a pretty big percentage gap for 3 days. So can you just sort of help us with the math? And when did those 3 days -- I apologize for not knowing this, when did those 3 days sort of come out?
Stewart F. Glendinning: So John, in terms of when the specific days come out, I'd to go back to the calendar, have a look. Maybe Dave can pick that up in the follow-up. I can't give you too much detail on the calculation, only to say that I've had the benefit of seeing all the numbers. And I can just tell you that the trends in total don't look dramatically different than what we saw in Q3. So that's really the best advice I can give to you.
Peter S. Swinburn: I think you're just going to have to trust us on that one. If you look at the like-for-like comparison, shaking out the extra days and you take out the Modelo volume, then Canada is down low single digits.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. But I mean, wouldn't that be better than Q3?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, just -- I mean, look, roughly here, if you got 28 days last year and you got 3 extra days this year, I mean better than 10% right there, so rough order of magnitude, but stick with my guns.
David Dunnewald: Yes. I think what you're looking -- this is Dave Dunnewald. John, I think what you're looking at is a straight reported STR number in the third quarter for Canada was down 5.9%. That's not what Stewart's talking about. He's saying if you look at more of an apples-to-apples view in the third quarter, then take out the Modelo brands, in other words, you'd be down at a low single-digit rate and that's what we're -- we are also seeing low single-digits on an apples-to-apples basis in October.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Shackleton with Nomura.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: The brand write-offs that you've announced today in Europe, I guess the question is around that. I mean, firstly, why now? I think traditionally, we tend to have these things more at the end of the year. But also, does that mean that all the other brand in StarBev, you're pretty happy with in terms of the carrying value in brands and goodwill?
Peter S. Swinburn: So I'll let Gavin speak to the timing, Ian. But yes, I think your assessment is pretty much spot on. Obviously, we've not taken impairment on the overall business, so that would indicate that there's a balancing factor here. We do have a specific issue with Jelen, to a lesser extent, Ožujsko. It has been driven, as I said in the script, by generally weak consumer demand, which everyone is aware of. That has moved consumers towards value brands, so it's impacted on -- in that way. And also, the floods really have hit overall volume. And we try to make an assessment of what that impact will be going forward as well, so we thought it judicious, if you like, to make sure that we put those impairments into the books now. What I would say is that if you look at both brands within their category and you look at brand health -- excuse me, the brand health of Ožujsko is extremely strong, and it's gaining market share in its category. And Jelen, equally, with the new advertising that would be coming out in the -- in this -- the end of this year, brand health looks healthy. But the overall macro environment is such that we thought it the right thing to do to take an impairment on the brands. Gavin, do you want to?
Gavin D. Hattersley: Yes, Ian, we are required to test up goodwill and brand values on an annual basis, and we do that as at the 1st of July, beginning of our third quarter. So we have tested all our brands. We've tested our -- we've tested Europe and Canada, and these are the 2 brands that required an impairment, based on their testing.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Good. And just a quick follow-up, I think in your update for the guidance for full year on inputs and COGS, I'm not sure you mentioned the U.S. Is there any change in thinking there?
Peter S. Swinburn: No, there was no change in the thinking on the U.S. And again, it was increased low single-digits last year -- last quarter, and it's remained at increasing low single digits.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Peter, I'm sure the thing you're going to miss most when you step down is just taking all of our questions.
Peter S. Swinburn: I will miss it immensely, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, in terms of the price mix in Europe, I'm assuming -- I'm inferring from your comments that most of the benefit in price per hectoliter was mix and there really wasn't much rate. Is that right?
Peter S. Swinburn: That's correct.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then can you give us an update or a progress report, I guess, on the turnaround of -- or re-acceleration efforts for Coors Light in Canada? I'm not sure if you mentioned where -- what Coors Light volumes were in the quarter. But just trying to get a sense for how you've progressed in that turnaround.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes. Again, I'll let Stewart give you the detail in a second. But the reality is that we looked at getting new creative in for the third quarter and what we came up with wasn't satisfactory. So we've had to go back to the drawing board on the creative. We're determined to get it right. That new creative will be hitting the streets in the beginning of 2015. So we've had a bit of a hiatus, if you like, in terms of our plans. But Stewart, do you want to talk specifically about the third quarter?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, sure, Peter. I mean, Bryan, if you look to the third quarter, Coors Light was down mid-single digits. Peter summarized it in exactly the right way. And we had 2 problems of -- one was a big, emotional connection, be creative with our consumers and our in-store execution. I think the second part, the in-store execution, we've got that well in hand now. The creative appears to be going in the right direction. And probably the third thing to just think about here is that there is a cannibalization impact from Coors Banquet, which is now a national distribution. If you took Coors Banquet and Coors Light as a combined set of brands, then those 2, in total, help share in the quarter. So more work to be done in Coors Light, but Coors Banquet, performing very well.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So with the creative not being where you were looking for, does it mean that you actually spent less on Coors Light media than you would've even ordinarily spent?
Stewart F. Glendinning: No. I mean, we kept our creative -- we have enough creative materials to use. We've used some of our functional advertising around vented can, for example. So no, the answer is we haven't substantially changed that.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last one related to Canada. It just -- the overall industry, just how does your adjusted volume performance compared to the industry growth rate? I wasn't sure if you had given an industry growth rate.
Stewart F. Glendinning: So we lost just under 0.5 share point in the quarter.
Peter S. Swinburn: Industry was down 1.7, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Ottenstein with Evercore.
Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI, Research Division: We don't get a lot of chance to ask Peter Coors questions, so I hope this is all right. I was just wondering if, perhaps, you could give your big picture perspective on the company, on the beer industry, how -- and how you see yourself positioned in the industry and what you're most excited about. I know that's kind of very broad and very loose, but just wanted to get your general thoughts and the kind of message you'd like to get out there.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes. Rob, in fairness to Pete, he literally has just dropped in, so I don't think it's fair dropping that question on him. But I think that the view of the market, that the view of the industry is as we -- you and I have talked about on many occasions. I don't think there's much more to add on that.
Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Okay. Well, I'll ask a much more mundane question then. And pardon me, if I missed this earlier on. I think you called out a reversal of a reserve in Europe, can you give us any details on that and the size of it.
Peter S. Swinburn: Sure.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Rob, it's Gavin here. There was a provision that we recorded when we bought StarBev in 2009, and this was regards to a regulatory review that we recorded as liability upon acquisition. During the third quarter, we were excluded from that, filing the reports, and so we released the full reserve. And if you look at the decrease in Europe MG&A, which was around $11 million, it accounted for roughly half of that.
Robert E. Ottenstein - Evercore ISI, Research Division: So $5 million to $6 million?
Gavin D. Hattersley: Yes, roughly half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Holland with SG.
Andrew Holland - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: I was actually also going to ask about that reversal. I think we've now got the size of it. Can you just tell us what the nature of it was, please?
Gavin D. Hattersley: No, we don't get into the detail of regulatory issues that we have on a country-by-country basis. Suffice to say, we've resolved the issue. The reserve's no longer required, and we released it.
Andrew Holland - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Can you tell me which country it related to?
Gavin D. Hattersley: No, we don't get into that level of detail.
Andrew Holland - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Let me try this one. Your -- just looking at the results of the international division, the size of the losses. Just again, the 9-month figure slightly less than it was this time last year, but it looks as if it's still going to be negative for the full year. Can you give us an idea of when you might hope for your international division to breakeven, please?
Peter S. Swinburn: I'll let can Kandy talk about the specifics in the third quarter, but it's the -- any small movement in expenditure really affects the quarter disproportionally, because it's such a small business. But Andrew, we've been pretty clear over the last few years that we expect this division to breakeven. It should be in profit by 2016. Kandy, do you want to talk specifically about the third quarter impacts?
Krishnan Anand: Sure. So Andrew, in the third quarter, we've -- we're actually quite pleased both quarter and year-to-date performance. As you see, our top line has grown 20% plus, specifically Coors Light has grown extremely strong, double digits. And the difference in just the third quarter, essentially because of increased marketing spend, as we're driving [ph] that top line growth. The International businesses continues to be well on track to deliver the commitment that Peter just said, which is to be breakeven and in profit by 2016.
Andrew Holland - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: And is that going to require you to rethink your marketing support then? Because there's quite a big gap between what the run rate is now and what breakeven would imply.
Krishnan Anand: No. I don't think it'll require us to rethink. I think the main thing is our top line grows 20%. It enables us -- if you look at our gross profit, that's also growing in line with our top line. So that enables us to continue to bridge that gap.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Tristan Van Strien from Deutsche Bank.
Tristan Van Strien - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two questions, if I may. The first one is on your Latin American performance, which was pretty good. Can you just give us a bit of color on that and how things are going in Mexico and if you entered any new markets in that region? And the second thing is -- second question. I guess, you solved the issue in Canada with SABMiller. How secure do you feel your JV in the U.K. with Grolsch? And do you feel that is in danger at all in the coming year or so?
Peter S. Swinburn: Right. Well, I'll let Kandy answer the question on Latin America in a second. As far as the issue with Grolsch is concerned, no, we have total control of that brand in the U.K. It's not a JV. It's a different setup altogether. So whatever happens with the brand largely is down to -- is up to us. So it's well within our limit as to what happens with it. Kandy, do you want to talk about Latin America?
Krishnan Anand: Sure. So we're excited with the progress of Coors Light in Mexico, in Central America and in the Caribbean, which are the main markets that we are in. This is based on continued impact over the last couple of years of our Rocky Mountain Core Refreshment positioning, working with our partners to execute brilliantly in the markets as well as a lot of in-store efforts, which truly makes the brand disruptive. In terms of your question on the new markets, the only new market we have in 2014 versus 2013, which is up significant, is Australia, which we added, really, end of December last year. So it's been the first 8 months, and we're extremely pleased right now with the progress on Coors Light. As you recall, Coors there for legal reasons so far with our partner, Coca-Cola Amatil, over there.
Tristan Van Strien - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. Just while you're on the line, in terms of India, your growth in Coors Light, is that mostly in Bihar state or you've expanded that as well?
Krishnan Anand: In India, we don't have Coors Light. We have local brands. It's the local brands. And our business, as mentioned in Peter's comments, has doubled. But we are basically in Bihar. We export a couple of states, but essentially 90 plus percent of our business is in Bihar.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Mark Swartzberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: A couple questions. Firstly, Gavin, just a clarification, if you can, on share repo. Any sense of when you might actually communicate with us on that, given that you're going to be at that low leverage level early next year?
Peter S. Swinburn: Mark, I'm going to give Gavin a rest, because I think he's fed up of answering these questions. No disrespect to you, but we really can't tell you anything more than we've told you. We'll talk to our board as to how we allocate our capital. It's an ongoing conversation. We'll decide the best allocation between bolt-on acquisitions, dividends and share repurchase. But it is on the agenda. We've been clear about that. And when we got a decision to announce, I promise you'll be the first to know.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Fair enough. Fair enough, okay. And then a question on Canada, and I don't know, Stewart, if perhaps you're the person. But can you update us on the sector side to look at the cost structure. Obviously, you're not going to give us a number, but just how that exercise is going? And when might we hear of you on the potential for incremental savings in that market?
Peter S. Swinburn: Stewart, you probably are the right person to answer the question on Canada. But just in terms of incremental savings, I mean, what we flagged are the 2 -- we've given you an overall cost-savings target for the business and we said that we'll be in the high end of that in the first couple of years and that takes into account what we planned to do in Canada. But Stewart, do you want to give a progress report?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. Look, that makes a lot of the sense, Peter. Yes, Mark, I mean, the cost -- our cost -- the program is going well, that we've been attacking both the aspects of our supply chain and COGS, and at the same time, we've been pushing very harder on our MG&A. And I think if you run some benchmarks on us versus competitors, you'll start to see that showing up in our results. So it's really all the detail I can give you, other than to say, we've got a team that's actively focused on it and delivering results.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: My understanding is the $40 million to $60 million for the total company includes a certain view for Canada. But with your new leadership there, Stewart, there's potential to add to that number as you look at the structure. Is that a fair understanding?
David Dunnewald: Mark, if I could take that, our guidance that we've been fairly consistent on since June of last year in New York was $40 million to $60 million for the next 4 years or so, with us being at the top end of that for the first 1 or 2 years, as Peter said. Last year, a lot of those cost savings came out of Europe. For the next 1 to 2 years, most of those cost savings are going to come out of Canada. So everything that Stewart is doing is in that guidance number we've given you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to the presenters.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Well, thank you very much, everybody. You'll have the pleasure of listening to Mark and exit the exercise for the fourth quarter, and I'm sure he will give you a much more cogent and better answers than I've been able to do for the last 6.5 years. Thank you very much, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter S. Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gavin D. Hattersley - Global Chief Financial Officer Stewart F. Glendinning - Chief Executive Officer and President Mark R. Hunter - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Europe and President of Molson Coors Europe
Analysts: Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time-to-time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Chrissy. Hello, and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earning call, and thank you for joining us today. With me on the call this morning are Gavin Hattersley, Molson Coors' CFO; Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors; Stewart Glendinning, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors Europe; Kandy Anand, CEO of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors' Chief Legal and People Officer; Brian Tabolt, Molson Coors' Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors' VP of Investor Relations. One quick note before we discuss the quarter. You'll all be aware of my intention to retire from Molson Coors at the end of this year. I'm delighted that Mark Hunter has been named as my successor. I've worked with Mark for over 20 years, and I cannot think of any one better qualified to take the business on to continued success. Mark has played a key role in developing and implementing our company's strategy over the past 7 years as a member of our executive leadership team, and he and the team here plan to continue to execute the strategy that we have set for the company. Also, Mark will join Gavin and me at the Barclay's Back-to-School Conference in Boston in a few weeks. But our time today is focused on earnings. So for the balance of the call today, Gavin and I will take you through the highlights of our second quarter 2014 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective on the second half of 2014. In the second quarter, Molson Coors increased underlying after-tax income nearly 8%, grew underlying EBITDA 4% and expanded gross operating and after-tax margins. Underlying earnings per share increased nearly 7%, and U.S. GAAP after-tax earnings increased 9.5% versus a year ago. We continue to build a bigger and stronger brand portfolio that is delivering value-added innovation, continued investment in our core brands and increased our share in above-premium. As a result, we achieved positive pricing and mix, resulting in higher net sales in the quarter. We also continue to improve our operations by reducing costs, implementing common processes and focusing on Profit After Capital Charge as the key driver for our cash and capital allocation strategy. In the second quarter, Coors Light global volume, including our proportional percentage of MillerCoors volume, increased nearly 5% versus a year ago. Coors Light grew more than 30% in the United Kingdom and even faster in Mexico and Latin America, underscoring the increasingly important role of Molson Coors International to the business. The brand underperformed in the U.S. and in Canada, and we continue to implement plans to reverse these trends. Molson Canadian volume in Canada was even with prior year, while Coors Banquet grew volume and share in both the U.S. and Canada. Carling, the #1 brand in the United Kingdom and the largest brand in our Europe business, continued to grow volume, and our Europe above-premium portfolio continued to grow strongly, led by Coors Light, Cobra and Doom Bar. Staropramen volume decreased overall versus the second quarter of 2013 as a result of lower volumes in Russia and Ukraine related to political and economic turmoil. Despite the severe flooding in Central Europe this year, above-premium Staropramen, and that is the Staropramen we sell outside of the Czech Republic, maintained volume in the region. In the quarter, U.S. pretax earnings increased more than 10%, driven by positive pricing, sales mix and cost savings. Premium and Premium Light beers continued to underperform the overall market, but Miller Lite sales in the Original Lite Can continued to grow as did Coors Banquet. We also gained volume and market share with the above-premium Redd's, Leinenkugel Summer Shandy, Smith & Forge Hard Cider and Miller Fortune brands. In Canada, our termination of the distribution rights from the Modelo brands early this year drove all of the sales-to-retail decline in the second quarter and more than all the earnings decrease in constant currency. Coors Light trends improved sequentially from high single-digit decline in the first quarter to a low single-digit decline in the second quarter, but we have more work to do on our largest brand. In above-premium, Coors Banquet continued to deliver strong volume growth, and the combined Coors Light and Banquet brand family grew volume low single-digits from a year ago. And our Craft brands, Creemore and Granville Island, increased volume and share. Canada income also benefited from lower marketing spending and higher net pricing versus a year ago. Our Europe business improved its financial performance through positive geographic mix and cost reductions, which more than offset increased marketing investment and drove improved margins. This positive financial result was delivered against a backdrop of devastating floods in Serbia, Croatia and Bosnia in May and Bulgaria in June. Our Europe market share declined 0.7 of a percentage point as floods primarily impacted our highest share areas in these countries, and we did not participate in value-destructive off-premise promotional activity over the World Cup period in the United Kingdom. We grew share in Czech Republic, Romania and Hungary in the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, our overall market share in Europe was even with a year ago. Our International business continues improving its top line performance by growing volume and net sales at double-digit rates. Coors Light more than doubled in Mexico and Latin America on top of strong growth last year, and volume grew significantly in India. Now I'll turn it over to Gavin to give second quarter financial highlights and a perspective on the balance of 2014. Gavin, over to you.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Thanks, Peter, and hello, everybody. Molson Coors' second quarter underlying after-tax earnings increased 7.9% to $292.7 million or $1.57 per share, driven by improved financial results in the U.S. and Europe, along with lower interest expenses. We also increased margins versus a year ago. Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors decreased 0.9% due to lower volume in the U.S., Canada and Europe, partially offset by higher volume in International. More than half of the worldwide volume decline in the quarter was attributable to the loss of the Modelo brands in Canada this year. In the second quarter, our U.S. GAAP after-tax income from continuing operations increased 9.5% to $290.7 million due to positive business performance and lower special and other non-core net charges this year. Special and other non-core items are described in detail in this morning's earnings release. Now I'll provide an overview of our results with MillerCoors presented as if it were proportionately consolidated. This is a non-GAAP approach, but we believe it provides a useful view of some key performance metrics for our business. On this basis, total company net sales increased 1.5% from the prior year, driven by positive pricing and mix, which were partially offset by lower volume. On a per-hectoliter basis, net sales increased 2.1% due to higher pricing and mix in the U.S. and Canada, as well as positive geographic mix in Europe. Underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 1.1% due to higher costs in the U.S., largely due to mix impacts, and in Europe, due to foreign exchange, partially offset by lower costs in Canada and International. Total company underlying gross margin was 42.2%, 60 basis points higher than a year ago, primarily due to gross margin expansion in the U.S. and Europe. Underlying marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 2.3%, driven by Europe, the U.S. and International. Underlying operating margin was 17.3%, 40 basis points higher than a year ago due to margin improvement in the U.S., Europe and International. Our underlying EBITDA was $476.2 million in the second quarter, 4% higher than a year ago, driven by improvements in the U.S. and Europe. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the quarter. As I have mentioned on previous calls, we have discontinued sales curve accounting for our marketing and sales expense beginning in 2014. This change has no effect on the total amount of annual marketing and sales spending reported, but it does affect the quarterly timing of this expense. Because this change has been presented retrospectively, we have recost prior periods to reflect the new treatment. Elimination of sales curve accounting has the effect of increasing the previously reported second quarter 2013 MG&A expense by $15.2 million, which was offset in the second half of the year. The specific 2013 quarterly impacts are posted on our website. Underlying free cash flow for the first half of 2014 totaled $332 million. This $34 million decrease was driven by higher working capital versus last year, which was partially offset by higher net income. As we mentioned previously, on our fourth quarter earnings call, we do not expect to replicate the tremendous reduction in working capital we achieved in 2013. We plan to reduce working capital over time, but not at the same rate as last year. Our first half 2014 free cash flow included the following factors: $576 million of operating cash flow and $50 million of net deductions, mainly $63 million of cash received for the accelerated termination of the Modelo joint venture in Canada, which was partially offset by cash used for restructuring activities. Investing cash flows included $126 million of capital spending. Our underlying free cash flow included $692 million of cash distributions and $764 million of cash invested in MillerCoors, along with $4 million of positive adjustments for special charges and investments in businesses. Total debt at the end of the second quarter was $3.66 billion, and cash and cash equivalents totaled $506 million, resulting in net debt of $3.15 billion, which is $301 million lower than at the beginning of the second quarter and $612 million lower than a year ago. In 2014 guidance, we are raising our full year guidance for underlying free cash flow and lowering our guidance for capital spending and consolidated interest expense. We are increasing our 2014 underlying free cash flow target to $775 million plus or minus 10%, up from $700 million, largely due to lower expected cash taxes, capital spending and cash interest. We are reducing our capital spending guidance to approximately $315 million, which is $15 million lower than our previous outlook. This is the result of continued focus on the effective use of our cash, including ingraining the pack model in all meaningful capital allocation decisions. We also anticipate 2014 consolidated net interest expense of approximately $135 million, down from $145 million previously, as we reduced our cost of borrowing more than planned, coupled with our improved cash flow outlook. All other full year forward guidance is unchanged from last quarter, such that we expect to fund benefit pension expense of approximately $35 million and cash contributions of $60 million to $90 million, including our 42% share of MillerCoors expense in cash, Corporate MG&A expense of approximately $110 million, and we anticipate our 2014 underlying effective tax rate to be in the range of 12% to 16% and near the low end of our long-term range of 20% to 24% next year, assuming no further changes in tax laws, settlements of tax audits or adjustments to our uncertain tax positions. In 2014 cost outlook in local currency, we continue to expect MillerCoors Canada and International cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a low single-digit rate for the full year and Europe to decrease at a low single-digit rate. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for outlook, wrap-up and the Q&A. Peter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Gavin. Overall, our strategy of building our core and above-premium brands and driving sales through our innovation pipeline continues to deliver results. In the U.S., we are executing our strategy to migrate our portfolio to the high end, bringing consumers exciting new innovations and Craft brands that satisfy consumers' thirst for authenticity, new flavors and styles. We will be developing new creative for Coors Light and changing all the Miller Lite packaging and signage to the original white design that has worked so well on the can. We will also launch and support Redd's Wicked Ale. We will continue with our business transformation initiative, which will provide the strong foundation for growth in future years. As a result, we expect MG&A expenses to be higher in the second half and the full year 2014 versus 2013. In Canada, we have more retail channel and in-case promotional activity for Coors Light this summer, and our latest Molson Canadian advertising is working well, with the beer-fridge campaign continuing to exceed expectations. We have a strong innovation pipeline led by the expansion of Coors Banquet, which was introduced into the Québec market at the end of July, along with recent rollouts of Mad Jack Apple Ale, Molson Canadian Cider and Molson Canadian 67 Tangerine to new markets. Looking to the second half of this year, we anticipate that the termination of our arrangement with Modelo brands will continue to significantly impact our comparative STR and profit performance as we will be cycling equity earnings and administrative cost recoveries totaling CAD 6 million in the third quarter of 2013 and CAD 4.4 million in the fourth quarter. Other expected headwinds in the second half include the August 1 Québec excise tax increase, the impact of cycling unusually low incentive compensation expense in the third quarter of 2013 and unfavorable foreign currency versus last year. Our Europe business was disproportionately affected by the flooding in the region in the second quarter, and based on what we see today, we expect the aftermarket of the floods to impact our volume and profit for at least the balance of the year. We also anticipate less benefit from overhead cost reductions in the second half. Despite weather challenges and weak consumer demand in Central Europe, our team continues to improve our brand health and sales execution across Europe, and we anticipate a return to positive market share performance in the second half. For the remainder of 2014, our International business plans to continue to drive strong growth in Coors Light, expand key brands in selected markets and make additional progress towards its goal of achieving profitability by 2016. Across all of our businesses, we anticipate higher brand investment in the second half of 2014 versus last year. Finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the third quarter. In the U.S. for July, STRs decreased mid-single-digits -- at a mid-single-digit rate. In Canada, they were down low single-digits in July. Excluding the Modelo brands last year, our Canada STRs in July increased at a low single-digit rate. Our July sales volume in Europe decreased at a mid-single-digit rate, and our International sales volume, including royalty volume, increased at a double-digit rate. As ever, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter, and trends could change in the weeks ahead. So to summarize our discussion today, in the second quarter, we increased underlying after-tax income nearly 8%, grew underlying EBITDA 4% and expanded gross operating and after-tax margins. Underlying earnings per share increased nearly 7% versus a year ago. We also achieved positive pricing and mix resulting in higher net sales in the quarter. The fundamentals of our business are strong and improving. We have leading brand positions in the world's most profitable beer markets. We are improving the efficiency of our operations. We are successfully combining our distribution missile [ph] with our proven ability to grow both large and small brands. We have accomplished this through strong and consistent execution of our brand-led profit growth strategy and our continued commitment to Profit After Capital Charge as drivers of total shareholder return. This strategy is generating steady growing pre-tax profit, a strong and increasing EBITDA and strong cash returns to shareholders and will have an even greater impact as market conditions continue to improve. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a few quick comments. As usual, our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. Additionally, in the next few months, we hope to see many of you at 2 events. First, as I mentioned at the start, Gavin, Mark and I will attend the Barclay's Back-To-School Consumer Conference on Thursday, September 4, 2014, in Boston. Second, our company will host -- will cohost a MillerCoors regional seminar with SABMiller in New York on December 3, and in London on December 5. And we will share additional details when we are closer to these events. So at this point, Chrissy, could we please open it up to questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And best of luck to you, Peter, and congratulations, Mark.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Judy.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So first, just maybe looking at the Canada trends. It looks like the underlying volume performance has been improving if you look at the second quarter and maybe through July. So maybe if you could talk about the industry conditions, what you're seeing in the marketplace, the competitive dynamics, as well as the -- if you can talk about the Québec excise tax and any of -- if any pricing has been taken in that market?
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Thanks, Judy. Yes, I will let Stewart answer on the detail of that. Don't forget, we do have the benefit of Easter in the second quarter this year as a comparison to last year, so that does help some of the sequential benefit. But overall, yes, things are going in the right direction. But Stewart, can you pick up the detail?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, absolutely. I mean, Judy, in truth, I don't think we've seen anything dramatic change in the Canadian environment. We did see the benefit of Easter, as Peter said, just from a timing perspective, and we saw volumes, particularly strong in the West, which enjoyed some better weather. So I can't say that I have seen anything that is dramatically different in the environment. Having said that, to pick up on your question about Québec, that tax increase went into effect this week. It's a fairly sizable increase of about 26% increase in tax, similar to what we saw in -- at the end of 2012. And we do expect that to be negative, but we'll have to see what happens over the rest of the quarter. Just, you asked also I guess about industry conditions or competitive dynamics across Canada. I would say that overall, the market continues to be very competitive. Discounting was most pronounced in Québec, where we saw aggressive discounting in the independent off-premise and in the value segment. And in BC, the mainstream segment moved pricing closer to value. As a result, we saw a slowdown in value in that market. Responding to those market conditions year-to-date, we've carefully managed our portfolio to drive revenue ahead of cost and to ensure appropriate returns for our promotional investments. Sometimes, that has led to some choice of share versus profit.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And maybe just -- if I can just follow up on the more of the profitability part of the question on Canada. So in second quarter, FX neutral profit was down 1.6%. Can you just parse out for us how much was the impact on the -- from the loss of Modelo brands? Maybe quantify how much marketing was down? And I'm just really trying to gauge the underlying lower [ph] profit performance?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Okay. So a couple of things there. So first of all, we called out the Modelo impact as $18 million for the year, which is roughly $12 million through COGS and about $6 million through G&A. Specific to the second quarter, that was roughly around $7 million with the same kind of split, so that just helped you parse that number. Obviously, the impact in Q1 was much less. We haven't given any specific numbers to marketing, but what I would do is pick up on Peter's comments last quarter where he was clear that we are going to continue to invest behind our brands, continue to spend no less than we have spent. And I think if you looked at Canada on that basis, we called out that we've underspent in the first half of the year and therefore, there will be some catch-up in the second half, with most of that coming in the third quarter.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then lastly, just Gavin, maybe I can ask you about capital allocation in the context of your free cash flow coming in better-than-expected this year. You're continuing to delever the balance sheet. So any thoughts in terms of perhaps accelerating the timing of maybe increasing the cash returned to shareholders?
Gavin D. Hattersley: Judy, thanks. I mean, we obviously are targeting to reduce our stock -- leverage ratios to the sort of StarBev pre-acquisition levels. And as I said, Judy, in New York in June, we do plan to get there by early next year. And when we get there, obviously, share buybacks comes back on to the table in terms of our capital allocation strategy, which as you know, we've been very consistent about for a long time now, returning this cash to the shareholders through the dividends. We did increase our dividend 16%, as you know, at the beginning of the year. And share buybacks continue to strengthen our balance sheet and growth opportunities, either investing behind the brands we have got or bolt-on M&A. More than that, I really can't add at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Shackleton from Nomura.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: A few questions on Europe. You obviously flagged the weather effect previously. I just want to know whether you were able to quantify what that meant in this quarter and how much it might mean in the rest of the year in terms of negative impact? Secondly, in terms of pricing across Central Europe, I know that [ph] the positive pricing you have got in Q2 seems to be more around mix. What's happening to underlying pricing within the Central Europe markets? Is that deteriorating as a result of softer volumes? And the third question was I noticed that there are some one-offs, I think $1.8 million related to some one-offs, related to the flooding. What are those? And though, again, do we expect more in the second half there?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, thanks, Ian. Mark, I think you might as well just jump in and take all of those, if that's okay?
Mark R. Hunter: Quite a number of questions in there. Let's -- so let me try and work my way through them. Obviously, from a weather impact perspective, what we've seen is really a split in Europe with Serbia, Bulgaria and Romania, in particular, plus Bosnia, really having a tough time as we've gone through the second quarter. And we've seen pretty much high single-digit to low double-digit industry declines as measured by Nielsen. So a real just kind of softness from a consumer demand perspective, whereas, the Western part of our business, so Czech, Hungary and the U.K. has been more buoyant. So some of the floods have a pretty material impact in overall demand across a number of our markets, and that has continued as you've seen from our July volume numbers into the first few weeks of the third quarter. How that's going to play out through the balance of this year? My perspective on the weather is not something I have a high degree of confidence in, but I think it's fair to say that certainly, the countries that were badly impacted by flooding were Bosnia and Serbia, in particular. We'll continue to see a real drag on consumer demand, and I think the response from the governments there will really be the tell-tale in terms of how quickly those countries recover as we leave 2014 and go into 2015. And I have to say I think our recovery plans and the response in those countries has been first class. And we're back up and operating, but clearly, it's had a pretty significant consumer impact. In terms of overall pricing, we [indiscernible] our pricing by country or by groups of country within European. So I mean, you've seen the pricing numbers that we've talked to. Just overall, we've seen pricing up by just under a couple of percent, excluding FX. And mix has driven, I think, part of that, up nearly 3%, and the net pricing after discounting was down by 0.8%. So as we've seen softer demand, certainly some of the promotional pressure in some of the markets has increased. And clearly, we're trying to protect our position. So we would be far more reactive than proactive in relation to promotional pressure in the markets [ph]. In terms of the one-off, that's principally accelerated depreciation of some of the assets that were destroyed in the flood. So hopefully, there will be no more of that to come as we go through the third quarter, and that really won't affect underlying earnings going forward. I think those where the 3 buckets of questions that you referred to, but forgive me if I've missed anything.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: No, that's a great answer. Just one quick follow-up. Is there any update on the dispute with SAB on the distribution in Canada?
Peter S. Swinburn: [indiscernible] we have -- we -- there is a court date set for the end of the autumn, and that's really where we are.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And Peter, I want to offer my congratulations as well on your retirement. So I guess, first question, just related to your forward outlook and some of the comments you made, I just want to make sure I tie them together. What's truly, I guess, incremental to the way what we would have been thinking or the way we would have been modeling, I think, is that interest expense is down and that we're looking at the tax rate being at the lower end. Free cash flow is also going to be a little bit better because the CapEx is down. But the comment in terms of brand investments in the second half, comping the loss of the Modelo brands, those things are all sort of -- would have been known to you and to us before the quarter. So maybe the only thing that was really incrementally more negative is just the disruption in Croatia and Bosnia. Am I my thinking about that correctly?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, I think you probably summed it up. I'm sure there are some other -- some things at the margin. But generally, if I try and encapsulate where we are, Bryan, you're right. We've taken specific actions through the treasury function to improve our interest expense that certain positions in tax have changed and therefore, we're at the lower end. Free cash, obviously, is looking good, and there's a direct link between those 2 and then a reduction in our capital expenditure. Our marketing investment, as you outlined, it's always difficult to get the precise timing on this depending on how creative comes through. We will be skewed much more towards the third quarter this year. So that will impact our earnings then, and you are fully aware with the Modelo impact and the benefit that we got in terms of the cash for that. So I think overall, the business is very much on a steady even keel and has been -- as has been highlighted, I think, by the mix element of our NSR, we're very comfortable with the way the portfolio is moving to above-premium, which gives us a buffer against having to take pricing and also gives us a real buffer against discounting in markets where things get difficult.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just as a follow-up on -- just on Coors Light in Canada, and maybe Stewart, could you just talk a bit about the efforts or the actions that are going to be -- are being taken to turn the brand around, so in terms of the new copy? And I guess, maybe some more merchandising or promotional activity, just has -- was any of that in effect in the second quarter, or is that something that we'll really see more pronounced in the third quarter? And I'm just trying to get a sense for whether we should look at the Coors Light performance so far year-to-date as having had any real -- having been affected at all by some of the changes you're making?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, look, Bryan, I think we did see some benefit in the second quarter. I mean, Coors Light had a better quarter. We increased news. We had more offers. We had better in-store execution. And as a result, we saw Coors Light volume decrease low single-digits. Having said that, the performance is still not satisfactory. It's still losing share of beer. So there's more work to be done. And as I shared at our Investor Day, the elements of focus for us are more brand news, better in-store execution and better marketing execution. And so it's that last piece, I think, where a lot of our effort is focused for the moment on, the next round of copy that we hope to make even better than the last.
Peter S. Swinburn: Bryan, sorry, just -- if I can just add to that. While I don't let Stewart off the hook on this one, we do need to get Coors Light where he said. If you -- I mean, Coors Banquet does have a cannibalization effect on Coors Light to some extent, and if you put both of those brands together, we are actually -- the volume actually is growing at mid-single -- sorry, low single-digits.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions in queue at this time. I'll turn the call back over to our presenters.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Thank you very much, Chrissy, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. I look forward to seeing those of you who are going to be there at -- in Boston at the beginning of September. Thank you very much.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter S. Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gavin D. Hattersley - Global Chief Financial Officer Stewart F. Glendinning - Chief Executive Officer and President Tom Long - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the day they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time-to-time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period and in U.S. dollars. Now I would like to turn the call over to Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Jerry. Hello, and welcome everybody to the Molson Coors earnings call, and thank you for joining us today. With me on the call this morning are Gavin Hattersley, Molson Coors' CFO; Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors; Stewart Glendinning, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors Europe; Kandy Anand, CEO of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors' Chief Legal and People Officer; Brian Tabolt, Molson Coors' Controller; and Dave Dunnewald Molson Coors' VP of Investor Relations. On the call today, Gavin and I will take you through highlights of our first quarter 2014 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective on the balance of 2014. In the first quarter, Molson Coors more than doubled underlying after-tax income, grew underlying EBITDA more than 20% and expanded gross operating and after-tax margins. Underlying earnings per share also more than doubled. U.S. GAAP after-tax earnings increased more than $135 million versus a year ago. The improvement across our company was consistent with each of our businesses achieving improved operating margins, pretax earnings and EBITDA performance in the quarter. Our strong focus on our core brands, our portfolio shift to above-premium and value creating innovation is paying dividends. This strategy is underpinned by our Profit After Capital Charge, or PACC model, which aligns our entire team and each of our cash-use decisions with our priorities. In the first quarter, Coors Light grew more than 30% in the United Kingdom, and it more than doubled in Mexico and Latin America. Coors Light underperformed in the U.S. and in Canada and we have plans to reverse this trend as we approach the summer selling season, which I will share with you in a few minutes. Carling continued strong momentum from last year, with both volume and market share growth in Europe and particularly in the United Kingdom, where it extended its lead as the #1 beer brand. Molson Canadian gained share for the third consecutive quarter in Canada, with its Olympic programming, including the hugely successful Molson Canadian beer bridge social media program and Coors Banquet grew volume and share in both the U.S. and Canada. Staropramen grew volume and share across Central Europe but this brand's licensed volume declined in Russia and the Ukraine due to political and economic turmoil. In the quarter, U.S. pretax earnings increased nearly 5% and while we saw positive pricing and sales mix, together with cost savings, the gain was also due to the timing of marketing spending versus last year. Industry volume declined in the first quarter, partially related to the negative impact of the Easter holiday timing. Premium Light's continued to underperform the overall market but we gained share in the Premium Light segment according to Nielsen, driven by the successful reintroduction of Miller Lite's Original Lite can. We also grew share in above-premiums, but we have work to do on our Blue Moon Seasonal brands. In Canada, our volume was lower, partially due to the timing of Easter holiday. Our overall market share declined about 0.5 share point versus a year ago on a comparable basis, which takes up the Modelo brands in Canada. And above-premium Coors Banquet delivered strong volume growth and our Kraft brands, Primo and Granville Island, grew volume and share. Canada income also benefited from the timing of marketing and sales expenses, lower overhead costs and higher net pricing, all of which drove higher pretax income and margins in the quarter. Although the economy remains weak, our Europe business delivered 5.6% volume growth and more than 1 point of share growth across the region, along with cost reductions and improved margins and pretax income. Our brands grew overall share in the Czech Republic, Romania, United Kingdom and Bulgaria, while we saw improved trends in Serbia and Hungary. Our International business improved its top line and bottom line performance by growing volume double digits and improving its sales mix and cost base. The team continued to achieve strong Coors Light growth in Mexico and Latin America and improved their performance in China. And now I'll turn it over to Gavin to give first quarter financial highlights and the perspective on the balance of 2014. Gavin?
Gavin D. Hattersley: Thank you, Peter, and hello, everybody. Molson Coors' first quarter underlying after-tax earnings increased 115.2% to $102.2 million, or $0.55 per share, driven by improved financial results in all of our businesses, along with less interest expense. This strong profit performance also increased margins versus a year ago. Our first quarter underlying tax rate of 5% was lower than prior year due to the release of valuation allowances in Europe and favorable resolution of uncertain tax positions. Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors decreased 0.1% due to lower volume in United States and Canada, offset by higher volume in Europe and international. In the first quarter, our U.S. GAAP after-tax income from continuing operations increased $135.9 million to $165.3 million due to strong business performance and $63.1 million of special and other noncore net gains in the quarter, which compared to $21.9 million of special and other noncore net charges a year earlier. Special and other noncore items this year are excluded from our underlying results, and primarily related to income recognized upon the early termination of our joint venture that managed the Modelo brands in Canada, along with a favorable resolution of indirect tax reserves in Europe. These gains are partially offset by an intangible asset write-off associated with the Modelo JV termination in Canada, along with restructuring-related costs in Canada and Europe. Special and other noncore items are described in detail in this morning's earnings release. Overall, when considering our first quarter results, it's important to note this is a seasonally small profit quarter for our business. So relatively small changes in absolute income results can drive large percentage changes. As we have in previous quarters, I will provide an overview by results of MillerCoors presented as if it were proportionally consolidated. This is a non-GAAP approach but we believe it provides a useful view of some key performance metrics for our business. On this basis, total company net sales decreased 0.7% from the prior year, driven by lower volume and unfavorable foreign currency movements, which were partially offset by positive pricing and mix. On a per hectoliter basis, net sales decreased 0.2% due to negative foreign currency, nearly offset by positive pricing and mix in United States and international, and higher pricing in Canada. Underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 1.8% due to favorable foreign currency in Canada and lower costs in Europe. Total company underlying gross margin was 37.4%, 100 basis points higher than a year ago, primarily due to gross margin expansion in Europe, Canada and international. Underlying marketing, general and administrative expenses declined 6%, driven by all business segments and corporate. Underlying operating margin was 9.2%, up 260 basis points from a year ago, due to margin improvement in all businesses. Our underlying EBITDA was $251.2 million in the first quarter, 20.4% higher than a year ago, driven by improvements in all of our businesses and in corporate. This year earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the quarter. In addition, please see Table 7 in the earnings release for constant currency, net sales, pretax income and underlying pretax income for each of our segments and for our total company. We believe that these new disclosures will provide investors with more comparable data of which to analyze our company. As mentioned on our last earnings call, beginning in 2014, we have discontinued sales curve accounting for our marketing and sales expense. This change will have no effect in the total amount of annual marketing and sales spending reported, but it does affect the quarterly timing of this expense. This change in accounting policy is being presented retrospectively. So we have recost prior periods to reflect the new treatment, including for the first quarter 2013 results distributed this morning. The elimination of sales curve accounting has the effect of increasing the previously reported first quarter 2013 MG&A expense by approximately $9 million, which was offset in the second half of the year. We posted the specific 2013 quarterly impacts on our website earlier this morning. MillerCoors does not use sales curve accounting, so its historical results will not be affected by this change. Underlying free cash flow for the first quarter of 2014 totaled a use of $65 million. This was a $16 million higher cash use versus a year ago and was driven by working capital timing, which was partially offset by higher net income. The underlying free cash flow in the first quarter does not include a $62.9 million noncore cash receipt related to the early termination of our Modelo brands joint venture in Canada. Net free cash use in the first quarter of the year is normal in a seasonal business. The business is the lowest profit and cash generating time of the year. Our first quarter 2014 free cash flow included the following factors: $150 million of operating cash flow, and $57 million of net deductions, mainly the cash received for the accelerated termination of the Modelo joint venture in Canada, partially offset by cash used for restructuring activities. Investing cash outflows was $65 million of capital spending. Our underlying free cash flow included $123 million of cash distributions and $95 million of cash invested in MillerCoors, along with $4 million of positive adjustments for special charges and investments in businesses. Total debt at the end of the first quarter was $3.79 billion, and cash and cash equivalents totaled $338 million, resulting in net debt of $3.46 billion, approximately $98 million higher than 3 months earlier and $685 million lower than a year earlier. In the first quarter, we paid off the remaining outstanding cross currency swaps for $65.2 million. And paid $46.3 million of principal temporarily withheld from the repayment of the EUR 500 million note issued to us by the seller of our Central Europe business. Looking forward to 2014, we are lowering our full year guidance for tax rate in NCR cost of goods sold per hectoliter. We now expect our 2014 underlying effective tax rate to be in the range of 12% to 16%, down from 16% to 20% previously. This change is primarily due to an advance pricing agreement we signed with tax authorities early in the second quarter, along with a favorable impact of some discrete tax benefits recognized in the first quarter. After this year, we expect our underlying tax rate to be near the low end of our long-term range of 20% to 24%, for at least a few years, assuming no further changes in tax loss, settlements of tax audits or adjustments to our uncertain tax positions. For Molson Coors International cost of goods sold per hectoliter, we now expect a low-single digit increase, down from mid single-digits previously. All other full year forward guidance is unchanged from last quarter, such that underlying free cash flow guidance is $700 million, plus or minus 10%. We expect defined benefit pension expense of approximately $35 million and cash contributions of $60 million to $90 million, including our 42% share of MillerCoors' expense in cash. We also anticipate 2014 capital spending of approximately $350 million, corporate MG&A expense of approximately $110 million and consolidated net interest expense of approximately $145 million. In 2014 cost outlook, we continue to expect MillerCoors cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase with a low-single digit rate for the full year. In local currency, we still expect Canada to increase in the low-single digit rate and in Europe, to decrease to the low-single digit rate. And at this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for outlook, wrap up and the Q&A. Peter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Gavin. So overall, our strategy of building our core and above-premium brands, and driving sales with our innovation pipeline is working. In the U.S., we will continue transitioning our portfolio towards the high-margin and fast-growing above-premium segment. The rollouts of Miller Fortune lager and Smith & Forge Cider are progressing and Redd's Apple Ale continues to be one of the fastest-growing brands in the U.S. beer category. Premium Lights continue to underperform the overall market, and we are addressing this in the coming months with new advertising, fresh packaging and our Coors Light line extension, Coors Light Summer Brew. We are also putting more TV support behind our key value brands, Miller High Life and Keystone Light. We expect to see a reversal of the marketing timing benefit that contributed to the first quarter of MillerCoors' underlying income growth. Our volume and profit performance in Canada in the first quarter was impacted by the February 28 termination of our arrangement for the Modelo brands. The negative impact on underlying income of losing the Modelo brands was more than offset by the results of multi-year initiatives started last year to transform and streamline our cost base, as well as year-over-year differences in the timing of marketing and sales spending. We will introduce new advertising this month and increase activity to improve the performance of Coors Light. We have a strong innovation pipeline, which will be led by the expansion of Coors Banquet and our vented can, but which will also include 2 new products for the range [ph] of recruiting legal-aged drinkers from outside the beer category. Europe is still experiencing constrained demand, which is fueling the growth of lower margin segments and channels. While we expect this trend to continue, the work we have done on improving our brand propositions and execution has resulted in strong share growth in nearly all of our markets. For the balance of 2014, we have strong core brand, above-premium and innovation plans, including the rollout of cider and the introduction of cold-activated packaging to select central European markets. Our International business has launched global above-premium brands in select high potential markets, including Coors and Blue Moon in Australia and Carling in major tourist destinations in India in the first quarter. For the remainder of 2014, we plan to rollout above-premium brands to additional markets on a selective basis, along with premium outlet distribution gains for our lead brands in China. Finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the second quarter. In the U.S. for April, STRs decreased low-single digits. In Canada, they were approximately flat. Excluding the Modelo brands last year, our Canada STRs in April increased at a low-single digit rate. Our April sales volume in Europe increased at a high-single digit rate, and our international sales volume, including royalty volume, increased at a double-digit rate. All of these April results benefited from the timing of Easter this year and also as ever, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. To summarize our discussions today, in the first quarter, we more than doubled underlying after-tax income, grew underlying EBITDA more than 20% and expanded gross operating and after-tax margins. Underlying earnings per share also more than doubled. The improvement across our company was consistent, with each of our businesses achieving improved operating margins, pretax earnings and EBITDA performance in the quarter. While the economy and beer volumes remain weak in many of our markets, our focus on driving cash generation, raising returns on capital and delivering Profit After Capital Charge was instrumental in achieving these results. This year, we have cash generation, PACC and total shareholder return, along with profit and top line growth as key performance criteria in our employee incentive programs, which is designed to align our decision-making and our priorities to drive long-term shareholder value. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a few quick comments. As usual, our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. And also at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. Additionally, in the next 2 months, we hope to see many of you at 3 events: First, Gavin will present at the Goldman Sachs Staples Summit in New York on Tuesday, May 13; second, we will hold our Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Wednesday, June 4, 2014, here in Denver at the Ritz-Carlton Hotel; and third, we will host our Annual New York Investor Analyst Day at the New York Stock Exchange on the afternoon of Wednesday, June 25, 2014. Having said that, we would like to open it up for questions. Jay, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First, just maybe on Canada, just a couple of questions. One is just the STR improvement that you've seen in April. Seems pretty nice just versus what you saw in Q1. So can you just talk about how much of that is just comparison getting a little bit easier versus maybe the market getting a little bit better or your brand performing better? And then staying with Canada, just this is now the second quarters in a row where you got positive net pricing realization. So can you talk about how sustainable that is and what you're seeing from a competitive perspective?
Peter S. Swinburn: Judy, well, I'll let Stewart answer in detail in a minute. But just on the first point, with Easter, the weather really was consistently poor over Easter as it was early on in the year so that didn't help us. In terms of the overall comparisons and the improvement, Stewart can give you the fine detail. But generally, it was driven by the fact that Easter was in the second quarter and I think most of the momentum in terms of the like-for-like sales is driven by that factor. Stewart? Stewart?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Peter, sorry, I got disconnected.
Peter S. Swinburn: Did you hear the question?
Stewart F. Glendinning: I didn't hear the question. I got disconnected right as Judy started to talk.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Judy, I don't want to misrepresent you. Would you mind repeating your question?
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. So just on Canada, for the first question which I think Peter answered to some extent was just the STR trend improvements in April, how much of that was timing, Easter comparison, et cetera? And then the second question was just really looking at your pricing realization in Canada. 2 quarters in a row where you actually got positive pricing realization. So can you talk about how sustainable that is in the context of the competitive landscape?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Okay, right.
Peter S. Swinburn: Stewart, just so you're aware, in terms of Easter question, I basically said that the weather was poor over Easter as it was in the first quarter. But most of the momentum in terms of the sales was driven by the fact that it was the Easter holiday. So I'll pass it over to you now.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, thanks, Peter. Peter is exactly right on that, Judy. And I think underlying trends were still there but we had the benefit of shifting the holiday from one quarter to another. So nothing I could see in the market that had changed dramatically. On the pricing side, look, we're very pleased with the result this quarter. And in truth, when you look at what's happening from a pricing perspective, we have been very focused on how we're promoting our products, how we're pricing our products to make sure that they're attractive to consumers. What you're seeing from a pricing perspective is the result of a very balanced program. So what is it going to look like in the future? Of course, I can't give you guidance on that but I think we've taken a good approach to the last couple of quarters.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And any changes in terms of the competitive landscape, Stewart?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, I mean, we do continue to see a fair amount of discounting. We continue to see particularly at the value end of spectrum, that people are being aggressive. And that is just a reflection of a much weaker market. So you would expect that having said that, inside of that, we've been performing relatively well. We gained share in value and we've been gaining share of the kraft segment. And our core brands outside of Coors Light have been performing well. So yes, that's maybe if you got the follow-on from that, that's how I see it.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just maybe for Gavin, just if we look at the quarter, certainly the quarter came in better than I think what most people expected from a cost perspective, both on the gross margin side and the operating margin side. And I guess, what I'm trying to really understand is how much is this timing-driven, which relates to the marketing spend timing that you had called out? And then how much is this really just the increased focus on your cost-savings initiatives and really the step-up -- aligning your incentives with the PACC model. So maybe you can talk about the MG&A without the marketing spending, timing, how much that would've been down on an underlying basis? And then just give as an update on your cost-savings initiatives and the focus there and how much of that is driving a better margin behavior in the last few quarters?
Gavin D. Hattersley: Okay. Well, I'll do my best for you, Judy, because there's quite a bit of detail in that, which we probably wouldn't go into. If I try and summarize it and hopefully, this will be helpful, in terms of our marketing spend overall, this year, we fully expect to spend at least the same as we did last year, if not more. In terms of our cost savings, we said last year in New York that we were aiming at an ongoing $40 million to $60 million per year. We're very comfortable that we're going to hit that number in our cost -- in terms of overall cost savings. I think really that's as much detail that I can give you at the moment.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Would you share with us what the number was on the cost savings in the quarter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Judy, we're not doing that. We're going to give you an annual feel for that. So Peter's quite right there, we're quite comfortable we're going to hit the $40 million to $60 million. And as we said last year, we expect to be at the upper end of that range for a couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Faucher with JP Morgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And looking at the gross margin performance on the European business, obviously very strong performance this quarter. It's a seasonally weak gross margin quarter for that business, the comp seemed relatively easy. Can you just talk maybe a little bit conceptually or if you want to give us numbers, sort of how we should think about that improvement as we progress to more seasonally higher gross margins and how much of this you think is structural versus just sort of an easy comparison?
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, John. What I would say to you is you're quite right. I mean the first quarter is a seasonally low quarter for us. Quarters 2 and quarters 3 are our big quarters in Europe, so they're particularly important for us. As far as COGS are concerned, I would just draw your attention back to the guidance, which we've given you on COGS for Europe for the full year, which was to decrease at a low-single digit rate.
Peter S. Swinburn: And just to put some contact to color on to that, John. You've obviously, aware that there's a number of different dynamics going on in Europe. We do have -- because of again, as Stewart mentioned in Canada, because of the prevailing economic conditions, we do have a movement towards lower value price -- value brands, I'm sorry, but also lower priced channels, and that's working against us. But on the positive sense, our core brands are performing very well across Europe and also we're managing to get good growth in our above-premium business, especially with Staropramen. And we have quite an exciting innovation program coming online as well. So all of those dynamics play to the overall gross margin and as Gavin said, you do have the guidance on the COGS.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And I guess, just sort of trying to dig a little bit deeper on the guidance on the COGS to understand it, I guess, what's the level of structural benefit that you're seeing here that's driving that reduction in COGS per hectoliter? Can you sort of breakout raw materials versus sort of more structural cost-saving components -- just conceptually, again?
Gavin D. Hattersley: Well, we don't break down our cost-to-goods-sold to the level of detail which I know you'd probably like, John. But I mean, there are any number of factors that go into that. We've obviously got the cost savings program, so a portion of that $40 million to $60 million, which Peter and I talked about earlier, does lie in the cost-of-goods-sold area and does lie obviously in Europe. You've got brand and channel mix. you've got packaging mix. I mean, there are any number of factors and decomposing any one of them, I can't do, so we'll just point you to our full year guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ian Shackleton with Nomura.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: A couple of questions on the guidance. And we're reducing the COGS guidance for Canada. And I just wondered what was behind that. I think, you sort of had flagged that probably better mix will be one of the components to increase that. And the second question was around interest, where you're keeping the guidance at 145, and obviously, that's despite quite a low number in Q1 at 35. Is there something exceptional in that 35? Is the underlying rate a little higher than that, Gavin?
Gavin D. Hattersley: I think you must've misheard me on -- we have kept our guidance on cost-of-goods-sold for Canada the same, at an increase of low-single digits. The guidance I changed was for Molson Coors International, which was previously increased mid-single digits and we reduced that to increase low-single digits. And that's just a function of Molson Coors International operation in many countries and it's just a shift of where we might put -- where the cost of goods sold are coming from a country and a type of business point of view. So that's the first point. On the interest, our guidance is what it is. And we haven't changed it.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: If you take my point, I mean, as the year goes on, you'd expect your net debt to be coming down and as you analyze the $35 million we still end up less than $145 million. So it just strikes me there's something a little bit exceptional in terms of credit in there?
Gavin D. Hattersley: There are no big changes to our cash flow guidance, again we spent $700 million plus or minus 10%. Obviously, we had working capital shifts during the year, which might also drive changes in our cash balances and in what we're drawing down on our commercial paper program.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And just a follow-up. Peter, just to clarify where we are with the SAB brands in Canada now?
Peter S. Swinburn: Which brands? Sorry, the SABMiller....
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Yes, the SABMiller brands in Canada?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, we both tried to get to a solution on that, which didn't work. And so we are waiting for a court date, which we think will be at the end of the fall to go back to discuss the issue with a judge.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Sorry, you said in the fall, that will be... in the autumn?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes. I think it's going to be in November.
Operator: The next question comes from my Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first, I guess, first question was just a little bit more color in Canada. And Stewart, maybe could you talk a little bit about, quickly, you lost a little bit of share but was just interesting -- interested in the dynamic between Molson Canadian and maybe Coors Light and we've just spoken before about how much progress you've made in really stabilizing Molson Canadian. So can you talk a little bit about just the duck [ph] share dynamic there in the first quarter? Has there been any improvement in Coors Light and how Canadian performed?
Peter S. Swinburn: Can I -- I'll just jump in first, but I'm going to let Stewart give you the detail. We really don't see too much overlap between Canadian and Coors Light. It is there. What has affected Coors Light probably more than anything else in the first quarter was Banquet. So we tend to look at each brand individually. We're very pleased, obviously, with the way we turned Canadian around over the last 3 years. Coors Light remains very strong in terms of brand health metrics and so that's a real positive. But we do believe we've got more work to do in terms of the programming and also the create of execution. So Stewart, do you want to talk to the specifics of what we're planning?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, sure. I mean, look, in total, we feel good about the shared performance but not great. Good in the sense that on a historical basis, we're seeing -- we're starting to see some improvement in overall shared performance. We don't feel great because, frankly, losing share is not where we want to be. When we look at the underlying components of the portfolio that we're trying to transform, there's a lot of good healthy stuff that's going on. As I mentioned earlier in the call, growing share in value, growing share in craft, we're premiumizing the portfolio, Banquet is doing really well. Canadian, we couldn't be happier with, of course -- you and the Rest of World would've seen the red fridge in Sochi. So all of the pieces of our portfolio working well. Coors Light continues to be a drag. Peter's right, there is overlap between Coors Banquet and Coors Light. When you look at the trademark in total, so those 2 combined, then the share is much closer to flat for the 2 brands combined. But nevertheless, we are very, very focused on making sure that Coors Light -- making sure that Coors Light changes its current trajectory. And as I mentioned in last quarter's call, you will see new creative very shortly and you will see an action-packed summer of execution that we're looking forward to getting on with.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: That's helpful. And then could you also just a little bit or any comment on just performance in Ontario and Québec. If I remember last year, part of your overall performance relative to the market was affected by how you index in those provinces. So can you just talk about, I guess, geographic mix and how that might have affected your performance relative to the market?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. got it. Well, look, on a combined basis, Coors and Coors Banquet, that performance is much better out West. Good in the Atlantic, pretty good in Ontario, not really a factor in Québec because we don't have Banquet there yet. We are expecting to launch banquet into Québec later this year and we think that will work very, very well on the portfolio. Coors Light, I would say, if you looked across the country with the Atlantic provinces excepted, Coors Light had a number of challenges across a lot of the country and it relates to the drivers that again, I covered during last quarter.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just I had one last question. Can we get, or maybe I missed this, just the disclosure of price and mix in terms of the revenue build for both Europe and Canada?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So I'm happy to just talk to Canada briefly. Pretty much everything that you saw coming through from a price perspective was driven by price and not by mix. Mix was not much of a factor in the quarter.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And do you have it for Europe as well?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, underlying for Europe was pricing was down about 2% and mix was also down on just under 100 basis points.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Ottenstein with ISI.
Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Can you perhaps talk a little bit more about the U.S. competitive environment? I guess, ABI had these 25-ounce cans. Do you see that as a price cut? How are you dealing with that in the marketplace? Is that really having much effect? There's talk about them being aggressive on-premise and any color around that? And then also, any color around your April results or what you're seeing so far in April in light of the change in the Easter holiday?
Peter S. Swinburn: So I'll let Tom respond to the specifics you've raised, Robert. But I think for the U.S., if you read the same for the U.S. as for most of our business, we laid out the fact that we wanted to premiumize the portfolio, check [ph] that we're moving in the right direction. We laid out the fact that we wanted a strong ongoing innovation tool around check [ph] . We're doing that. We're growing in every segment apart from the economy segments and we're seeing good pricing and mix movement so more work to do. The issue still revolves around getting Premium Lights firing on all cylinders. But Tom, do you want to respond to the specifics that Robert raised?
Tom Long: Yes. So just to support Peter there, we're really executing our strategy over time. I mean we took a tiny bit of share in Premium Light 0.01 point. We took almost 200-basis-point share segment in above-premium. We took about 20 basis points in Premium Regular and we lost 140 basis points in share segment in economy. And that leads to your question about the 25-ounce can and 24-ounce can. The economy business has been challenged since the recession. And it really hasn't come back and we haven't really seen that sector come back, even though jobs are increasing and it looks like that's going to take a while for that business to come back. There's been some commentary about consumers using beer as a more affordable luxury, and perhaps that business is challenged for the longer term. There are some value plays going out there in beer. I wouldn't say the effect of pricing is any more intense than it's been historically. The moves in the on-premise were addressed at the other conference call as ABI is moving in 2 states with some on-premise pricing. That's in distributorships which they wholly own. It hasn't spread yet. And it hasn't hurt our business yet, but we continue to watch that very carefully, of course. So I would simply say that the place where the competitive dynamics are becoming more intense and rightly so is the on-premise, where there's a real highly competitive arena for tap handles which are really visible to consumers and important for our business. And that's the place where our business has gotten a little soft and needs a little focus. But I don't think the value of plays or the pricing environment in the U.S. is any different structurally than it has been in the past.
Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Just specifically on the 25 ounces, which I think they're using across-the-board, aren't they, with also Bud and Bud light, are they having -- do you sense that they're having any impact in the market? I mean, is there any pressure for you to do something like that as well?
Tom Long: Well, we always look at our value equations and you've got -- as you see in C-stores, the single business continues to be a big part of that business and a growing part of that business. And it's a part where value equations play. Now there's a lot of movement between those sectors on a price point basis. I wouldn't expect us to respond in kind to a 1-ounce difference on a 25-ounce, 24-ounce can.
Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Sure. And then just finally, can you give us your sense of how Miller Fortune is doing compared to your expectations and the timing of the media spend? Which quarters is that likely to be the most and how that should play out?
Tom Long: Yes. So Miller Fortune, we've gained 30 basis points of volume share and more than that in value share. Our distributors cooperated beautifully in getting that brand out there. We're pleased with it early on, although that brand is settling into the parts of the market where we have more significant repeat rates. But we're very pleased with it at this stage and we'll continue to support it. We've had good support going forward as we launched the brand and we'll have it in the second quarter as well.
Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Do you have data that supports -- that it's taking share from spirits as intended? Or is it more from other beer brands, do you think?
Tom Long: The data that we have from our chains that are on-premise suggest that it's doing a nice job of bringing new consumers in. And our business at C-stores, from our major chains, suggest it's incremental to the beer category. I don't have the data with me that suggest it's taking from spirits in that channel but I do know about its incrementality in the C-store channel.
Peter S. Swinburn: And Robert, just to build on that as well and Tom mentioned it in the MillerCoors call earlier, but if you look at the overall NSR per hectoliter for the U.S., it's over 3%. 50% of that is coming from mix, only 50% from pricings, that's a healthy position to be in.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Mark Swartzberg with Stifel.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: A couple of questions on Canada. I don't know if this is for Peter or Stewart or Gavin. But it sounds like you've agreed to disagree on this suit with SABMiller and you'll get clarity here in November. Can you just give us some parameters here? There's been, I think, a fair amount of confusion out there in the market about how impactful this really is from a share perspective and from an earnings perspective to your business? And then I had a kind of more delicate second question.
Peter S. Swinburn: So what we quoted in the past, Mark, is less than 1% of our overall profit for the business. So it's immaterial as far as we're concerned.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Great, great. And then Stewart, certainly we've gotten some color here on Canada and a lot of work yet to be done, some good things at least in the month of April. But is there -- can you give us some more color like in the month of April, particularly, that's -- obviously it's only a month but it's a big improvement. Is that purely the industry recovering here? Is it also some improvement in share? When you're kind of trying to pull the hood up, are you seeing any evidence that you're either the industry or your share trends are improving or is it all -- is that not the case?
Peter S. Swinburn: Stewart?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So look, short answer, Mark, is I think that the underlying trend is continuing. This is an industry trend. It's underlying. And there's no data I've received coming out of April yet that would tell me anything different.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: So am I right, you said flat for Canada, that sounds like the...
Stewart F. Glendinning: No, I didn't say that what's the share was because I actually don't have share data yet for April. What I can say is that in terms of looking at the market and what I see in the market, how customers are behaving, what people tell me, how I see our competitors performing, what I'm seeing is a benefit from Easter and when I strip out what I think I lost from Q1 and I layer it into April, what I see is really the benefit of Easter and no real change to the underlying market.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. So just to make sure I'm hearing you right, and again, I realize it's only a month but it sounds like you're saying the industry simply got better from a volume perspective in the month of April?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, the industry got better because of Easter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no additional questions at this time.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Thank you, Jay, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to catching up with you when we announce our second quarter and also with some of you on those events that I mentioned in the call script. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-13 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Dunnewald - Vice President of Global Investor Relations Brian Tabolt
Analysts: Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Michael Luddy - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Follow-Up Session Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to it in its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measurements that may be discussed during the call and, from time-to-time, by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in the U.S. dollars. The company also encourages investors to read SAB Miller plc news releases and trading statements that include financial and other information relating to its MillerCoors joint venture. I will now turn our call over to Dave Dunnewald, Global Vice President of Investor Relations for Molson Coors.
David Dunnewald: Thanks, Ryan. I really appreciate it. Hello, and welcome, everybody. On behalf of Molson Coors Brewing Company, thank you for joining us today for our fourth quarter 2013 follow-up earnings conference call. Our goal on this call is to address as many additional earnings-related questions as possible, following our regular earnings conference call, with Peter Swinburn and Gavin Hattersley and our business unit CEOs earlier today. We will use a standard question-and-answer format and we anticipate that the call will last less than an hour. So let's get started with an introduction of the team with me on the call. We have Kevin Kim, Investor Relations Manager; Spencer Schurr, Finance Forecasting Manager; Katie Walter, Senior Analyst of Forecasting; Jason Charpentier, Treasury Director; Brian Tabolt, Senior Director of Technical Accounting and SEC Reporting; and Mark Saks, VP of Tax. As Peter Swinburn mentioned at our regular earnings call earlier today, in the fourth quarter, Molson Coors increased underlying pretax earnings 6.5%, expanded pretax margins and generated substantial underlying EBITDA and free cash flow. Underlying after-tax income declined less than 1% due to a higher tax rate in the quarter. For full year 2013, we grew underlying after-tax earnings and EBITDA and exceeded our targets for cost savings, cash generation and debt reduction. The funded status of our pension plans improved by $448 million, including our portion of MillerCoors, and we paid down $114 million of cross-currency net liabilities. Regionally, our U.S. business improved results, especially late in the year; Europe performed well in a difficult environment; Canada struggled; and international made significant progress toward its goal of profitability in 2016. Particular challenges included Miller Lite in the U.S. and Coors Light in Canada, along with commercial performance in Serbia. Nonetheless, our focus on building our core brands, growing the above-premium segment of our portfolio and driving sales revenue from innovation, delivered significantly improved results this year. Our overall brand performance was strong and, strategically, we are gaining momentum into areas that will have the most impact on our financial results as markets begin to improve. Also in recognition of the substantial progress that we have made in paying down our debt, our board has authorized an increase in our quarterly dividend from $0.32 per share to $0.37 per share, beginning in the first quarter of 2014. This 16% increase results in an annual dividend amount of $1.48 per share, which represents the payout ratio of 18.4% of 2013 underlying EBITDA. Equally important, our company is adopting, for the first time, a dividend payout ratio target of 18% to 22% of trailing underlying EBITDA, which we anticipate will keep our dividend in a competitive range for global beer companies for the foreseeable future. Now before we start the Q&A, I'd like to offer a little bit of additional perspective on one topic that Gavin Hattersley mentioned on the earlier call, and that is sales-curve accounting. As you know, this change will be applied retrospectively to our 2013 results, but it will not affect the full year results. Instead, it will change the phasing of quarterly MG&A expense within the year in most of our business units. So to give you a start in modeling the effect of this change in our 2013 results, here are the changes in MG&A expense that we expect by quarter and by unit, these are the changes relative to what we reported through last year. Looking at the first quarter. We expect MG&A expense to increase $9 million approximately on a consolidated basis. This is made up of an $8 million increase in Canada and a $2 million increase in Europe and a $1 million decrease in MG&A expense in the International group. In the second quarter, we expect approximately $15 million increase in MG&A on a consolidated basis. And this is made up of, in Canada, a $9 million increase; in Europe, a $6 million increase; in International, a $1 million increase; and no significant impact in other areas. In the third quarter, we expect approximately a $17 million reduction in MG&A expense. And this is made up of a $15 million -- and that's consolidated. And we expect approximately $15 million reduction in Canada; $2 million reduction in Europe; and no significant effect in other areas. And then finally, in the fourth quarter, we expect approximately a $7 million reduction on a consolidated basis. And this is made up of a $2 million reduction in Canada; $5 million reduction in Europe; and no significant change elsewhere. So that gives you a head start on the MG&A impact of discontinuing sales curve accounting in our businesses starting in 2014 and what we'll be looking at from a comparison standpoint with the 2013 results. Note that these changes in MG&A expenses I gave you will have exactly the inverse effect on pretax income in the quarters mentioned and for the business units that I mentioned. We plan to provide more detailed information for you within the next few weeks. So with that, Ryan, we'd like to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ian Shackleton from Nomura.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: A couple of questions. Going back to the Tradeteam arrangement that disappeared, the commentary was that will lead to best commercial terms. Is it going to be long-term margin benefit in terms of logistic costs coming down from the previous levels you have in Europe?
David Dunnewald: Yes. That's a good question, Ian. Really one of the primary drivers that -- for -- essentially changing our situation with distribution with Tradeteam in the U.K. was, essentially, to improve the rates and therefore the improving ongoing economics of the situation for us. Spencer did allude to that earlier, we do expect better rates.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Yes. So, I mean, for FY '14, there will be some benefit coming through in Europe and the U.K. from that.
David Dunnewald: The anticipation is for ongoing benefits, that's correct.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And just going on to the Miller brand situation in -- this Miller brand situation in Canada, $80 million write off, and I think, last December you had about $70 million on the balance sheet, which mathematically is about, the sort of 25%. Simple view, is that saying you think that there's 75% chance of keeping the contract?
David Dunnewald: Fair question. I would say no, it's not a, I call it, a direct indication of what we think the probabilities of keeping or not keeping the contract. Really, the asset value on our books is driven by a range of probability-weighted scenarios. Then when we take those in total, we've cited that there was appropriate value of that tangible asset downward.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Okay. So I mean the accounting value shifted a little bit in the last year, but you've had to -- you've written off $18 million what is probably a little bit less than $70 million as the starting point. Is that right?
David Dunnewald: I'm sorry, say that again, Ian?
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I said the $70 million was from the December 2012 balance sheet. And obviously, we would've expected it would moderate slightly through the year. So it will be a slightly low number anyway at December 30, even if you did not have the write off.
David Dunnewald: Yes. Okay. So, actually, Brian has got a more specific number on that one. Do you want to share that with them?
Brian Tabolt: Yes. So the amortization expense is approximately $10 million per annum. So the balance prior to the impairment would have been circa $1 million.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Great. And final question for me, just thinking about the free cash flow guidance that has been lower than '13. Is it another factor the fact you're going to have more cash restructuring costs this year, particularly in Canada? Is that something that's probably the reconciliation there?
David Dunnewald: So when we look at our, essentially, forecast and, therefore, target for free cash flow for the year, there are a lot of factors that go into that. And yes, I guess, to the extent that there's cash used for restructuring and that will be part of it. However, keep in mind that in 2013, we had some substantial restructuring going on in various parts of the business. So I would not call that a major driver of the change and the difference between 2013 and 2012. And also one other point, the actual restructuring costs are excluded from our underlying free cash flow calculation. I guess that's your main answer right there.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So the main -- just coming back to the sort of main reconciliation to -- cash flow will be effectively targeted to almost 200 million light. I mean it's mainly the working capital as a swing factor here.
David Dunnewald: Yes, that is the biggest single factor. We do have a bit of a CapEx increase in Canada, which we talked about on the earlier call. So -- but, yes, primarily it's related to working capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Cooper from Consumer Edge Research.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Earlier in the year, I think you guys gave guidance that marketing spend will be up $30 million or more than $30 million in the year. Can you give us a number of what that was?
David Dunnewald: We might be able to give you a little bit of guidance around that. Let's see, that was on a full year basis. As we roll through the year, let's just say that our marketing and sales spending was roughly in line with our expectations.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. And I assume there's no way I can get one -- or your expectations for '14?
David Dunnewald: Not at this point, no. You know our philosophy, right? I mean, we intend to invest behind our brands, innovation above premium and core brands are the primary focus. And we have a bias to invest when we have good ideas and good opportunities to drive those brands. So we've generally had, not only a strong level of investment, but generally, unless there's a -- there was a, how do you say it, something duplicative. For example, if you put 2 businesses together, something like that. Or there are other situations where there may be a way to cut marketing and sales spending and still maintain the impact. With the exception of those situations, generally, we've had similar or moderately increasing marketing and sales spend over a longer period of time.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. Is there any way that you could give us the pension expense breakout by region, just for modeling purposes? I know you gave the overall number today, I was just trying to put that through your regions.
David Dunnewald: Let's see, there will be more of that information in the 10-K, if I recall correctly.
Brian Tabolt: We don't have it by region.
David Dunnewald: Oh, yes. Okay, Brian is correcting me, we don't have it by region in the K. We've -- but you do have visibility or you will have visibility when we file it over the next -- in the next few days. That's the anticipated filing time. A visibility to MillerCoors and then the pensions -- the rest of the company essentially.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Yes, I'm sorry. But were the numbers that were given out today, were those inclusive or exclusive of MillerCoors?
David Dunnewald: Those are including MillerCoors.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: 42% of MillerCoors or all of it?
David Dunnewald: 42%.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. Last question for me is just, would you be willing to give us a breakdown of savings either in '13 or, ideally, expectation '14, between cost of goods sold and SG&A?
David Dunnewald: Yes. So what I'd tell you is that the savings in 2013 lean toward MG&A. And we expect that as we move further into some of the cost savings initiatives that we have going on, those will migrate so that they lean a bit more toward COGS in the future, over the coming years, so to speak. And by the way, the cost savings will also tend to migrate toward Canada this year, relative to last year when they were more heavily centered in the U.K.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Michael Luddy from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Luddy - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just on the calendar shift impact that we saw this quarter, are there any other quarters that you would want to call out for 2014 that are impacted by that?
David Dunnewald: No, that's the big one. Brian is saying he's not aware of any other significant ones. You have minor shift because the days don't line up exactly or whatever. But the number of days should be essentially consistent through the year. And now, at the end of 2014, we will have a period that's slightly -- 3 days shorter than the fourth quarter of 2013. So that will be a comparison challenge, I guess. So that's the main issue to be aware of.
Michael Luddy - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then on Europe, can you just give a little bit more color on, I guess, both the top line and the rest of that business? I guess which are you -- I guess the market was down about 3% on volume this year, are you still thinking that it's going to be a down market, broadly, for you in 2014? Is there any major variance in pricing outlook by region? And then also, I just want to get a little bit more color on why COGS per hectoliter are going down.
David Dunnewald: Yes. Okay, so a few questions there. On Europe outlook volume or, call it, performance of the market, no, I'm not going to provide a crystal ball on that one. As you know, the eurozone has been very challenged, particularly over the last 2 years. What I can say is that our business, within the context of that very difficult situation, has actually performed relatively well. I mean, you can see that show up in the share numbers and the profit numbers and the pricing numbers and so on. So pricing actually has been -- has held up despite the difficult situation there. You've seen some negative mix in Europe, and that is driven mostly by -- I mean a little bit of channel mix going on there. But, primarily, it's more geographic as in when our sales tend to -- the total sales mix by country, if it increases in places where the revenue per hectoliter, for example, is not as favorable, then you will see a negative mix impact on the NSR line. However, one other effect of that, aside from just tight cost control, is the cost of goods also has -- can have an advantage there, too. Because in the markets where NSR is lower, in some cases, the cost of goods are also lower. And for some pack types, the same thing could be said. It's lower NSR, but it's also lower COGS in a particular market or in a particular channel, the same -- you can get the same effect.
Michael Luddy - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then could you just remind me one more time on your leverage target, is it on debt to EBITDA or net debt to EBITDA?
David Dunnewald: It is underlying -- oh, sorry. Leverage target. Yes. Well, we have to look at a number of different targets when we talk about leverage. The 2 that we generally talked about are the most conservative one, which is the S&P kind of leverage ratio. And that would include lots of liabilities beyond debt. And there we've talked about getting that ratio in the range of bellow 3x adjusted EBITDA, as S&P called it. And then from -- but actually, the most commonly used metric is net debt, which you referred to. And that one we're getting in the range of just south of 2 -- 2x underlying EBITDA. That's the goal on that one. And they kind of move in tandem, if you know what I mean, because they have different denominators and different numerators.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue.
David Dunnewald: Okay. Great. Well, thank you. Okay. Thanks, Ryan. In closing, we'd like to thank all of you for your interest in Molson Coors and for joining us today. If you have additional questions that we did not cover during our time this afternoon, please call Kevin Kim or me on our direct lines or at the main number here at Molson Coors, which is (303) 927-BEER or 927-2337. Thank you again, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter S. Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gavin Hattersley - Global Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Stewart F. Glendinning - Chief Executive Officer Mark Hunter - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Europe and President of Molson Coors Europe
Analysts: Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of the factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time-to-time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. I would now like to turn the call over to Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Jay. Hello, and welcome, everybody, and thanks for joining us today. With me on the call this morning are Gavin Hattersley, Molson Coors' CFO; Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors; Stewart Glendinning, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors Europe; Kandy Anand, CEO of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors Chief Legal and People Officer; and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors VP of Investor Relations. On the earnings call today, Gavin and I will take you through highlights of our third quarter 2013 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective on the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, Molson Coors increased underlying after-tax earnings nearly 8%, expanded underlying margins, grew underlying EBITDA and free cash flow, and reduced our net debt. As we anticipated on our earnings call our last quarter, consumer demand remained weak across all of our markets. Despite this poor consumer uptake, we have continued to invest in our core brands. Our innovation pipeline is delivering mid-single digit percent of sales and our owned above-premium brand portfolio is growing at a double-digit rate globally. In the third quarter, U.S. revenue per hectoliter growth was driven by positive net pricing and sales mix. Coors Light grew market share in the Premium Light segment in the quarter according to Nielsen, and our above-premium segments saw strong growth in Redd's, Leinenkugel's and Blue Moon. In a weak Canada market, Molson Canadian grew share in the quarter, particularly in Québec. But our other core brand, Coors Light, lost volume and share. Our above-premium segment benefited from the launch of Molson Canadian Cider, Rickard's Shandy and Coors Banquet, while our Granville Island and Creemore Springs craft brands achieved strong volume growth. We have also decided to accelerate the termination of the joint venture which controls the Modelo brands in Canada ahead of the current expiration date of January 1, 2018. Anheuser-Busch InBev will assume control of the brands on March 1, 2014. Although there is no obligation to end the agreement early, we have reached favorable terms with ABI, resulting in compensation of CAD 17 million to Molson Coors. Additionally, our agreements to represent the Modelo brands in the U.K. and Japan have been confirmed through to the end of 2014. Despite weak industry demand, our Europe business grew volume nearly 1% and again increased overall market share. This was driven by positive share performance in the U.K., Croatia, Bulgaria and the Czech Republic, along with continuing share trend improvement in Romania. Carling, our largest brand in Europe, grew both volume and share in the U.K., and above-our premium brands Coors Light, Doom Bar in the U.K., as well as Staropramen outside of the Czech Republic, all grew strongly. In International, we achieved Coors Light volume growth in Mexico and Latin America. Carling gained market share in Ukraine and we launched the brand in Russia in the third quarter. We made progress on our global cost savings and cash generation targets and paid down nearly $282 million of net debt in the quarter. We will also deliver the cost savings that Gavin announced during the June Investor Day in New York. We also continued to standardize processes to reduce complexity and improve efficiency. We are accelerating our commitment to reduce costs. And following last year's restructuring in Europe, a similar program has been announced in the U.S. and we are currently benchmarking our performance in Canada to ensure that we have a competitive cost base for the future. Now I'll turn it over to Gavin to give third quarter financial highlights and perspective on the last quarter of 2013. Gavin?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Peter, and hello, everybody. Molson Coors third quarter underlying after-tax earnings increased 7.7% to $268.1 billion or $1.45 per share. This growth was driven by improved performance in the United States, Europe, International and Corporate, along with a lower effective tax rate. This lower tax rate was primarily due to changes in the geographic mix of income and onetime tax benefits in the quarter. Favorable foreign exchange movements and lower interest expense also contributed to improved results in the quarter. Underlying operating income increased 0.6%, while underlying pretax income grew 4.2% in the quarter. Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors decreased 0.9% due to lower volume in Canada, the United States and International. In our third quarter, our U.S. GAAP after-tax income declined nearly 39%, primarily due to a $150.9 million write-down of the value of 2 brands in our Europe business. This charge was the result of our annual asset impairment testing process which drove fair value adjustments to Jelen, a mainstream brand in Serbia and to Ostravar, a regional brand in the Czech Republic. Both of these brands have recently faced increased competition, reduced market share in macroeconomic weakness in their markets which are driving the lower projected cash flows for these brands. Also, higher discount rates in both Serbia and Czech Republic were factors in the asset impairments as was a 50% increase in Serbian income tax rates. As we have in previous quarters, I will provide an overview of our results with MillerCoors presented as if it were proportionately consolidated. This is a non-GAAP approach but we believe it provides a useful view of some key performance metrics for our business. On this basis, total company net sales were unchanged from the prior year, as positive pricing and mix offset lower volume. Pricing growth across all regions and improved mix in the U.S. drove a 0.9% increase in net sales per hectoliter. Underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 0.5% due to higher cost of goods sold per hectoliter in the United States. Total company gross margin was 41.6%, 20 basis points higher than a year ago, primarily due to gross margin growth in Europe, International and the United States. Underlying marketing, general and administrative expenses were largely in line with the prior year driven by increases in Europe that were offset by declines in the other business units. Underlying operating margin was 17.4%, up 20 basis points from a year ago driven by positive pricing and cost reductions globally. Our underlying earnings before interest, taxes depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, was $464.3 million in the third quarter, 0.6% higher than the year ago. Year-to-date, underlying EBITDA grew 5.8% to $1.15 billion. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the quarter. It is important to note that our third quarter underlying result excludes some special and other non-core gains, losses and expenses that net to a $163.1 million pretax charge. In addition to the intangible asset write-downs that I described earlier, these exclusions from our U.S. GAAP results primarily relate to the net effect of unrealized foreign exchange and fair value adjustments associated with the EUR 500 million convertible note that we paid off in the third quarter, along with restructuring and integration-related costs in Canada and Europe. These special and other non-core items are described in detail in this morning's earnings release.  Underlying free cash flow for the first 3 quarters of this year totaled $746.8 million. This represents an increase of $1.8 million versus last year, driven by higher year-to-date net income. Free cash flow year-to-date this year was made up of the following factors: $1.03 [ph] billion of operating cash flow, which includes $438 million from MillerCoors; plus $37 million of net add backs, primarily related to cash paid for restructuring activities; vesting cash outflows were $218 million of capital spending; and $102 million of cash invested in MillerCoors. Total debt at the end of the third quarter was $3.89 billion, and cash and cash equivalents totaled $407 million, resulting in net debt of $3.48 billion, approximately $282 million lower than 3 months earlier. In the third quarter, we used a combination of cash on hand and commercial paper issuance to pay off maturing convertible notes of USD 575 million and EUR 500 million. We also used cash on hand and revolving credit lines to pay off a euro term loan of EUR 54 million and cross currency swaps with an out of the money liability value of $31 million. As recognition of our progress in strengthening our balance sheet, in September, S&P reaffirmed our credit rating of BBB- and changed our outlook to positive, up from negative previously. In upgrading its outlook, S&P said that it believed we will continue to repay debt and strengthen our credit measures over the next 1 to 2 years to levels that support a higher rate during the outlook the period. Looking forward to the fourth quarter, we are tightening our full year underlying effective tax rate guidance to a range of 13% to 15%, which reduces the top of the range by 2 percentage points, primarily as a result of onetime tax benefits of tax law changes in Canada. This outlook for the full year includes total onetime benefits with an underlying rate impact of approximately 4 percentage points. Our rate guidance range for the fourth quarter is 14% to 18%, assuming no additional taxable changes, settlements of tax ordered for adjustments to our uncertain tax positions. We continue to expect our underlying effective tax rate to move towards a range of 20% to 24% over the medium term. We're adjusting upward our cost of goods sold per hectoliter guidance for our Europe and International businesses. We now expect low single-digit increases for both these businesses for the full year in local currency. In both cases, the cost outlook changes are driven by mix shifts towards a higher cost brands, channels or geographies. Also, the cost of goods sold per hectoliter outlook in the United States has moved up into the mid-single digit range due to the strong growth in above-premium brands, which are higher cost. We are lowering our capital spending outlook from $330 million to approximately $300 million for the full year. Our full year forward guidance is unchanged from last quarter for the following metrics: underlying free cash flow, which is still $700 million, plus or minus 10%. However, we currently expect this to be in the upper half of that range; defined benefit pension contributions, which are expected to be approximately $50 million of expense and $150 million of cash contributions, including our 42% share of MillerCoors expense and cash; Corporate MG&A expense of approximately $105 million, excluding foreign exchange movements; consolidated net interest expense of approximately $170 million; and cost of goods sold per hectoliter outlook for our Canada business continues to be up mid-single digits in local currency. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for outlook, wrap up and the Q&A. Peter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Gavin. So in the U.S., we will continue to drive the above-premium part of our portfolio through the Redd's, Blue Moon and Leinenkugel's franchises. High-end innovations for early next year will include Miller Fortune and Smith & Forge Cider. In Premium Lights, we will have fresh advertising copy and packaging for Coors Light and we'll introduce the original Miller Lite can for a limited time. In Canada, we are pleased to see the return of the National Hockey League. Nonetheless, we are not seeing last year's lost volume return and we anticipate that Canada volume and profit trends in the fourth quarter will continue to face significant macroeconomic and promotional challenges. We will also be cycling substantial MG&A expense reductions, including much lower NHL sponsorship and promotion costs during the lockout last year. In Europe, our portfolio and innovations are achieving their best market share performances in years in the United Kingdom, the Czech Republic, Bulgaria and Croatia. Nonetheless, the positive summer weather in the U.K. is behind us and the region continues to be challenged by a weak economy and demand volatility, especially in Serbia, Romania and Bulgaria. While we expect difficult conditions to continue in the fourth quarter, we will remain focused on driving our core brands, above-premium and innovation. And as a result, we expect higher Europe MG&A expenses in the fourth quarter. Our International business continues to focus on growth driven by Coors Light, Carling, Staropramen and Blue Moon. By year end, we plan to launch our partnership with Coca-Cola Amatil and introduce some of our signature brands into the Australia market. In the fourth quarter, we expect higher international G&A expense due to the reversal of the third quarter overhead timing benefit and the Australia launch. And finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the fourth quarter. In the U.S., for the first 4 weeks ended October 26, STRs declined low single-digits. In Canada, our sales to retail for the first 4 weeks of the quarter increased on a low single-digit rate. In Europe, our sales volume decreased at a low single-digit rate for the first month of the quarter. And in the first 4 weeks of the quarter, our international sales volume, including royalty volume, decreased at a low double-digit rate. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. So to summarize our discussion today, in the third quarter, we grew underlying after-tax earnings nearly 8%, expanded margins, grew underlying EBITDA and free cash flow and reduced our net debt. We continue to see weak consumer demand and shifts in consumer preferences that will impact our business for some time. In this environment, we will accelerate our commitment to transformational efforts to grow our brands and make Molson Coors more competitive and to drive total shareholder return going forward. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. My prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. So at this point, Jay, we'd like to open it for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, first, just on Canada. So I was surprised by the volume weakness in the third quarter, particularly as you're lapping some of the negative impact last year from the can shortages. So maybe just some color around what's happening both from a macro perspective and the competitive situation, whether you've seen actually even a step up in terms of the competitive activity, sequentially, in the quarter. And how are you thinking about, as you get into the fourth quarter, to your point, you've got spending comparisons that are going to be pretty easy but then you've got -- sorry, profit made [ph] From just not spending money last year, but you also have very easy volume comparison with the hockey strike. So, can you just help us in terms of volume and spending outlook in the fourth quarter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, certainly, Judy. I'll pass it on to Stewart for the detail, obviously. But the third quarter was disappointing in terms of volume. Overall weather didn't help but even so, taking all that to 1 side, it was a disappointing quarter. We tried to outline quite clearly in the script how we see things going forward and what the headwinds will be. But, Stewart, do you want to pick up on the detail?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Sure. Judy, we -- look, the fourth quarter -- I mean, sorry, the third quarter is heavily, heavily influenced by the performance of Coors Light. We didn't see the same kind of performance we saw last year. Last year was particularly strong for Coors Light, with Coors Light Iced T launched, a lot of news around the brand but we saw a lot less news in this year, that will change in the future. Relative to Q4 and our comments, there are really 3 things to note. Well, first of all, hockey is back. It's a valuable property for us and it's working well for the activation of our brands. But if you look at the overall trends year-to-date, they've been worse than what we expected. And so while we expect Q4 to be better than the year-to-date trend because of the year-over-year comps that you mentioned, the underlying market weakness will still influence the overall result. But more importantly, in Q2, we noticed -- we noted in our release that we had a significant marketing phasing benefit, now, which we expected to reverse in the back half, and you're now going to see that coming through in Q4. So that's how I put the pieces together. Your last piece of your question was what's the competitive environment look like. And the market remains very competitive. I would say that specifically from a pricing perspective, we have seen an environment with strong pressure to keep prices lower and with a more heavily promoted packaging mix.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Maybe just taking a step back, though. I think if you look at your performance in Canada, lowest market share in the third quarter that we've seen. I think, in the last several years, your margins are continuing to slide here. I guess I just wanted to get some perspective on what is really a realistic outlook for this business in the near term. Are there any other structural solutions to what you're facing in Canada? Or just any step change in terms of the cost structure? I know you're focused on getting more cost savings, but is there something beyond what you're doing already just because it just seems like we've been in a much more challenging situation than we would have thought entering the year.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes. Taking it at sort of headline level, Judy, if you look at the overall position in Canada, we've gained market share in the value segment and that's been an issue for us over quite a long period of time. We're gaining market share in above-premium segments, and we've got a very strong innovation program coming through. So we're pleased with that. The issue really has been in our core brands. And within that, Canadian has performed very well and Coors Light has been a disappointment, specifically in the quarter. Some of that is down to very difficult comps, but also there's work we need to do in investing behind the brand. We're very clear what we need to do about that. Additionally, our cost base is something that we do need to address but we're confident we will do that. And we've tried to signal in the script that we're starting work on that. That, obviously, will be a multiyear program, but we do believe there's work we can do that will help our net profit percentage, as well. So that's how we're viewing the overall business. But the overlying issue -- the overlaying issue, I'm sorry, is that the weak -- consumer demand has been weak and that has not helped us.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just, finally, Gavin. Just -- I know there's been some moving parts in terms of your free cash flow outlook. I guess I just wanted to get your latest expectation on the timing in which you get to your leverage target?
Gavin Hattersley: Judy, we're still on track with the program which we announced 1 year ago when we did the Starbev acquisition. We are expecting to be -- we had a target to get back to our pre-Starbev acquisition leverage ratios in the 2- to 3-year timeframe. And we're on track with it. We're pleased with the work that we're doing on working capital -- generating working capital. So we're pleased with the progress we're making against the target that I announced in New York in June. So, the short story, Judy, is we're on track with that 2- to 3-year time frame that we announced 1 year ago.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Swartzberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions also here on Canada. Firstly, the Corona comment, the Modelo comment, could you repeat that? And how much volume is going to be lost here, contribution to profits? Can you help us with some sense of the negative impact there?
Peter S. Swinburn: I will -- I'll repeat what I said, Mark, so you've got it exactly, okay? We have decided to accelerate the termination of the joint venture, which controls the Modelo brands in Canada, ahead of the current expiration date of January 1, 2018. Anheuser-Busch InBev will assume control of the brands on March 1, 2014. Although there is no obligation to end the agreement early, we have reached favorable terms with ABI, resulting in compensation of CAD 17 million to Molson Coors. Additionally, our agreements to represent Modelo brands in the U.K. and Japan have been confirmed through the end of 2014. All the detail of this is in the Q, Mark. So you could pick it up there. But, Stewart, do you want to add any detail to that?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, sure. So Mark, on your question around volume, the Corona volume, which is not in our financial volume but which is our STM's -- in our STRs rather, is in low single digits, that's best guidance for that number. Relative to profit, if you look back at historic filings, we have had about $12 million to $15 million a year of pretax equity income coming through and then about $5 million to $7 million a year of various administrative cost recoveries. And then, there's about $3 million to $5 million of variable cost reimbursements. I think what's important to know here is that the way that the deal's been structured, we've effectively been paid for the profits that we would have received between now and the natural expiration of the contract. And so the profits, obviously, which we've come out of our P&L, will be in the bank early next year. Relative to some of the costs, some of those costs just disappear along with Modelo.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it. And I hate to overly technical here but I will be. The 70 -- that was a 7-0 million Canadian dollar comment in terms of compensation? I know it's going to be in the Q. But 7-0, not 1-7?
Peter S. Swinburn: 7-0.
Stewart F. Glendinning: That's correct.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, absolutely. [indiscernible] number, Mark.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: What's that?
Peter S. Swinburn: It sounds like a much better number, yes.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, exactly. And then, Stewart, the comment about $12 million to $15 million, $5 million to $7 million, and $3 million to $5 million, when you net all those numbers together, what kind of per annum pretax income has it been generating for you?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, I mean, those are the component markets I shared. The reason I explained them separately, the $12 million to $15 million is something that won't repeat. The $5 million to $7 million is cost reimbursement against some of our cost, some of which are direct and the variable costs we wouldn't continue to have. So that's why I framed them up in those 3 buckets so that you can model them. All of that comes through -- the equity income, rather, comes through in the COGS line. So you'll have to make your models adjustment to COGS to reflect that. The other ones come through in their natural expense lines.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's great. Okay. We can take up the rest with Dave later. Just also on Canada, 2 questions. Firstly, the cost of sales per hectoliter guide, I was surprised it didn't change for the year given the really low increase in the third quarter. Can you give us some sense of what kind of cost of sales per hectoliter increase you would expect to see in the fourth quarter? And then secondly, more strategic. We've heard rumblings that on certain packages in certain regions, you guys are being more promotional. Can you speak to where you think it's appropriate to be more promotional, either packages or regions? And where you're being -- where you intend to be more disciplined?
Peter S. Swinburn: Stewart, I think I'll let you do both of those.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Sure, okay. Well, on the first -- sorry, Mark, the first went right out of my head.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: What cost of sales per hectoliter, fourth quarter?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. Sorry, yes. Fourth quarter, yes. So we've given you guidance for the full year as mid-single digits. And if you look at this quarter, we got 1.4%. So I get the reason for your question, but actually, if you look at the first half of the year, we had roughly a 6% cost. So, I mean, between those 3 numbers and given our guidance for the full year, I think you can sort of interpolate what the fourth quarter will look like.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Is it -- it sounds like it's fair to think it's more in the low single-digit side.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, we said it's mid-single digits for the full year. So given the year-to-date and the full year, I'm sure you can calculate what the fourth quarter is. So on packaging, this is just sort of finger-pointing about whose more aggressive. I think there are always promotions across the country. And at some point, somebody advertises the package. As to the specifics, I will just tell you. So I'm not going to get into who drove what because I think there's no answer to that. I can tell you that when you look across the country, the West, there's less promotional pressure in the West, pricing, in general. Although, what you're seeing in the West, you're seeing a dynamic where value is continuing to grow because of the split between value pricing and premium. The place where we're seeing most of the pressure is in Québec, and there is a good deal of pricing actually across a broad range of brews in that market, you need only look at the offers that are in the market. In Ontario, we've seen less price promotion and more in case offers. So that's probably a cantor across the big markets of the country.
Operator: The next question comes from Ian Shackleton with Nomura.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I think, Peter gives some bit of a feel for some of the European markets, but I wasn't quite clear what has happened there, particularly in terms of share gains. Perhaps you could just give us a little bit of an idea which of the specific European markets you gained share in Q3?
Peter S. Swinburn: Certainly, Ian. We gained share in the United Kingdom, the Czech Republic, Bulgaria and Croatia, and our market share trends in Romania include in the quarter.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: When we think about the brand -- the 2 brand write-downs from within the Starbev acquisition, the business has performed quite well since you bought it. There must be some other brands where, effectively, the value has gone up, but I presume you weren't allowed to net those off. Is that the way the accounting works there?
Peter S. Swinburn: Well, I'm on thin ice when it comes to accounting rules. So I'll pass that over to Gavin if that's okay, Ian.
Gavin Hattersley: Right, Ian. You're absolutely right. I mean, we impaired Jelen and Ostravar. Jelen, for a number of reasons, the economic environment, the discount rate increased given the profile of Serbia as a country and we had a tax increase of 50%. Ostravar is our third largest brand in the Czech Republic, it's a very regional brand, operating in a troubled economic sort of area. And you're correct, some of the other brands, like Staropramen and Kamenitza and Nikšicko increased in value substantially over the last year. But unfortunately, on a brand-by-brand basis from an accounting guidance point of view, you can't net between the brands. But the overarching comment I would make is that our Europe -- at our Europe business unit level, we have no impairment, which, I guess, drives you to that conclusion.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And just one final thing around Europe. Just to be clear, the Corona brand in the U.K., you'll keep that through all of 2014. Is there any further compensation that will be paid when that goes?
Peter S. Swinburn: We have got the brand through to the end of 2014, Ian, that's what the announcement says.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And there again, I mean, can you give us -- you gave us a reasonable feel for what that meant in Canada? Can you give us a feel for what that meant -- means for the U.K. profitability?
Peter S. Swinburn: I don't -- well, we certainly can't give you the detail about -- that's confidential. It's a relatively low amount of our U.K. overall profitability. But Mark, do you want to embellish on that?
Mark Hunter: Yes. I mean, we haven't been specific on that. But it's a low single-digit percent of our total profitability in the U.K.
Operator: The next question comes from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge Research.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: On the popular theme of Canada, and you brought up the idea of benchmarking. Can you just talk, if we think about, I guess, the loss of the Corona brands and I guess the cost that would be associated are still in your books as a result of that? And then, obviously, there's the upcoming trial for the Miller brand, how that all sort of all works in on, I guess, whether it's rethinking your brewery footprint or your labor force. Can you just give us some color on that side?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, I'll let Stewart give you the sort of complete detail. But as we said in the script, we are looking at our cost base across the whole piece. So that would cover both supply chain and MG&A. We've done similar projects in the U.K. recently. And also, as Tom announced some weeks ago, we're doing a similar thing in the U.S. So it's -- well, it's a path that should be trod quite well. We are still in the process of understanding exactly what that might look like in Canada, but we do know, as in the U.K., if you include supply chain, it's going to be a multiyear project. And when we're clearer about that looks like, obviously, we'll come back and give you the full detail. But, Stewart, do you want to talk about Corona and Miller to any extent?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. I'm not sure there's anything extra to offer other than maybe 2 things. First of all, on the cost reduction side, I mean, to Peter's point, we have an active project underway to consider all those options. With respect to Miller, we are continuing to support the brand and to do a good job of that. And until we hear otherwise, that's going to continue to be our brand. With respect to Corona, we've been paid for that. So I'd say all around, we feel pretty good about the direction we're going.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: And my one follow up. I mean, in Tom's cost reduction, is there any -- Dave said that a lot of that is going back into the market in terms of brand support. Can you talk generally how you feel about your level of brand support in Canada, whether the cost reductions -- you would see the drop in the bottom line? Or do you feel the need for greater level of in-market spending?
Peter S. Swinburn: As with our U.S. business, we feel that we would like to see a majority of any cost savings reinvested back into our business. But in all honesty, until [ph] Know exactly what that looks like, it's difficult to give you any more precision.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just another follow-up question on Canada, and forgive me if I missed this earlier. But I think it's COGS per -- or price per hectoliter in the quarter with down 0.3%. I think, in the press release, you talked a little bit of the mix shift being a drag and then pricing being up. Can you give us a little bit more color in terms of directionally, how much the mix shift dragged and what the pricing was in the quarter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Stewart, do you want to take that?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, happy to do that Bryan. If you looked at the quarter, I mean, we were pleased to see that we sold about 1.2% of positive pricing but that was offset by a 1.5% of negative mix.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And was the pricing that you took in the quarter -- I guess, how did that stack up relative to the market? And I guess what I'm trying to get at is, is the volume weakness and the market share weakness at all sort of related to where you are, like on price gaps or pricing? Or is that not really an issue that's been driving the market share?
Stewart F. Glendinning: I think that pricing has been driving the market share. If I look at the places where we've lost volume, I mean, we're losing volume most mostly to the smaller brews which are playing in 2 places. One, in value, where they've been competing and pushing very hard on value. And so we've seen aggressive pricing there. And the other is on craft. And I think, on craft, we've been doing a really good job but the size of our craft portfolio relative to the rest of our total portfolio is much smaller. So we have to gain at a faster rate in order to make up the volume loss.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then, Peter, just as a second question. Just -- can you talk a little bit about -- you've made some changes in terms of changing the operating segments, you've made some personnel changes, so just kind of how you feel about -- just, organizationally, you feel like you're set at this point and in terms of how the organization has sort of adapted or adjusted to those changes. And also just in relation to -- especially the Canadian market being difficult, but just in general, it's been a tough operating environment, and just kind of how you feel about kind of where the organization stands at this point relative to some of the changes you've made.
Peter S. Swinburn: Well, I mean, obviously, the biggest change that we've had to accommodate, Bryan, has been the inclusion of the Central European business, and the combination of that with the U.K. And as we said in previous calls, the integration of that has gone exceptionally well. We made the call to integrate the whole of Europe earlier than we would otherwise have chosen to do because the integration have gone so well. So we're very pleased with that. It's still work that's ongoing. But we're establishing a very firm platform across Central Europe. Part of what we can and can't do, from an organizational point of view, does rely on the comment I made in the script about our ability to standardize our operations. And so, we do really need to get all of our platforms -- sorry, the organization on one platform so that we have the flexibility to decide what we want to do organizationally. So I think that's job one, we're well on track for that. We're probably not going to complete it until the middle of 2015 but we'll -- we can make decisions in advance. Generally, above and beyond that, to be honest with you, the view that I take on an organizational structure is it's a constantly moving feast and you always have to review it, make sure it's fit for purpose and also reflects what the requirements of the external world are. And at the moment, as we said, the external world in our market's not necessarily doing it any favors. So we constantly have to look at how we can make sure our organization structure is as efficient and as lean as possible.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with ISI.
Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. A couple of questions. On the Corona Canada situation, is there any anti-trust review there? And if so, has that been completed? And could there be any other sort of outcomes because of that?
Peter S. Swinburn: We don't anticipate any anti-trust issues at all.
Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. Second, what would be your best estimate today of your capacity utilization in Canada and how the footprint looks? Any plans to change that, and any possibilities on your side in terms of making, perhaps, some acquisitions in Canada that could perhaps improve your utilization, if it's running too low.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. And I'll let Stewart pick up on some of the detail. But just a couple of overall comments, and I'll certainly take the last one. I think we've said that we really are focused on paying down our debt over the near to medium term. But equally, should an attractive brand proposition come up, then we would certainly consider it. There's nothing in our sights at the moment, but we're always open to that in terms of improving our overall portfolio. The other comment I'd make is we can talk about overall capacity in Canada, but this is a very large country. And what really matters is it's the capacity by province and utilization by province. And, obviously, when we look at the overall cost structure of the business, that's something that we're going to take into account going forward, our total brewery footprint. Stewart, is there anything else you want to add?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. Look, we don't actually share the specifics of our capacity utilization, Robert. But suffice to say that we have -- we do have some excess capacity and that is forming part of our plan to understand how to reduce our overall costs. As Peter said, when you look at your supply base and your supply -- well, the footprint, that is -- that does end up being a multiyear project. We fully expect it. But there are opportunities to take advantage of that.
Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Well, I guess, what I heard from the prior comment though is just because of the size of the country and the cost of shipping beer, it's tough to take plants out because, I guess, the increased cost of distribution would -- may, perhaps, offset some benefits on the manufacturing side. Did I hear that right?
Peter S. Swinburn: I don't think so.
Stewart F. Glendinning: I think what you're... Go ahead.
Peter S. Swinburn: I think what I was trying to say was that it's really of little value to give you an overall capacity figure for the whole of Canada, that you have to look at the capacity of breweries within provinces and then you make decisions about those specific breweries within those provinces.
Operator: The next question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to go back to Canadian volume for a minute. The commentary was helpful but it certainly seems like a pretty pronounced change on the volume front. So, can you give us a sense how much of the volume weakness is more the competitive environment versus other issues like marketing effectiveness, brand equity in general, and then the strategies you're implementing to try to improve trends going forward, and when you think we might see some more traction around that.
Peter S. Swinburn: Well, the -- certainly, the pressure, as we've -- I think we've said already on the call, really came in our core brands and specifically in Coors Light. But Stewart, do you want to repeat or go over anything you said before?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, I mean, first of all, I don't think we've seen a dramatic inflection. I think this -- we've seen some pressure in this market over a number of years and we're working to change that. So what are the things that are changing? Well, first we've seen a dramatic improvement in the performance of Canadian and we're very pleased about that. We've now started to gain share in value and we're pleased about that. We're gaining share in above premium as we press harder with our brands there. As I mentioned, we under-indexed this so we have to accelerate growth even further to replace lost volume in premium. And on the import side, we've had flat share. So the issue comes back to Coors Light and a couple of the tail brands. I mean, we've got -- we have a clear understanding of what the drivers are, there is some promotional mechanics that we'll need to be prepared to answer there. But against the brand itself, we need more news. Now, we'll expect to see that with more promotion around the vented can. We're already seeing a lot of excitement and strong performance from the rollout of Coors Banquet, and I expect that to continue next year and that will help the overall trademark. So I suppose I'm in a place that is fairly positive in terms of understanding what the drivers are and having a plan to address that on an ongoing basis.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And is marketing a significant piece? Are you trying to address that going forward? Would you expect a significant marketing increase or does it depend on [indiscernible]
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. I mean, I think, so to Peter's point, we do expect to invest savings back into the company. Having said that, we'll take that on a brand-by-brand basis. What I do think is that if I look at the current copy of Coors Light, it's done a good job of sort of bringing to life cold. It perhaps hasn't done as good a job around refreshment. And I think you'll see us address that in our new copy next year.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Thank you, Jay, and thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning/afternoon, wherever you are in the world. We look forward to speaking to you again when we announce our fourth quarter results. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter S. Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gavin Hattersley - Global Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer Stewart F. Glendinning - Chief Executive Officer Krishnan Anand - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors International and President of Molson Coors International David Dunnewald - Vice President of Global Investor Relations Mark Hunter - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Europe and President of Molson Coors Europe
Analysts: Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time-to-time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. Now I would like to turn the call over to Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Tracy. Hello, and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors Earnings Call, and thank you for joining us today. With me on the call this morning are Gavin Hattersley, Molson Coors' CFO; Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors; Stewart Glendinning, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors Europe; Kandy Anand, CEO of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors' Chief Legal and People Officer; and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors' VP of Investor Relations. On the earnings call today, Gavin and I will take you through highlights of our second quarter 2013 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective on the remainder of 2013. In the second quarter, Molson Coors delivered double-digit underlying earnings growth and more than 165% growth on a U.S. GAAP basis. This underlying income growth was driven by earnings accretion from the Central European acquisition that we completed during June last year, along with improved financial performance in our Europe and International businesses and lower quarterly tax rate. We generated strong free cash flow and reduced our net debt by $373 million in the quarter. We delivered these results despite weaker consumer demand and poor weather across all of our markets. Most of our key brands in core markets gained or held share versus a year ago. Coors Light achieved mixed results by gaining share of premium lights in the U.S. per ACNielsen and growing strongly in the U.K. and Mexico, but underperforming the market in Canada. Molson Canadian held share in Canada and got off to a strong start with its national rollout in the Republic of Ireland. Carling grew share in the U.K. and performed well globally, including in its newest market, Croatia. Staropramen core brand maintained share in the Czech Republic and grew share strongly across the rest of its markets. Most of our other key brands held or gained market share, including growth for Ozusko, Kamenitza, Blue Moon, Cobra and Doom Bar, which is now the largest on-premise cask ale in the U.K. despite having no owned public state distribution, which its newest rivals enjoy. Our results also benefited from the introduction of brand and packaging innovations globally and from the strength of our above-premium brands, which gained market share in each of our businesses. Regionally, in the U.S., we reported solid pricing and strong above-premium sales growth at MillerCoors in the second quarter despite difficult trading conditions. Our strategy to evolve our portfolio to the fast-growing and higher-margin areas of the business is working, as shown by the successful launch of Redd's Apple Ale and the nationwide expansion of Leinenkugel Summer Shandy. Due to these initiatives, as well as the introduction of Third Shift Amber Lager and continued growth of Blue Moon Belgian White, we have grown our above-premium brand volumes to more than 9% of our portfolio. While we continue to gain share in premium lights in the quarter according to Nielsen data, we are working to restore volume growth. In Canada, volumes in the quarter were impacted by unfavorable weather conditions across key regions this year, along with cycling the national launch of Coors Light Iced T a year ago. These challenges were partially offset by the introductions of Molson Canadian Wheat, Rickard's Shandy and Molson Canadian Cider. In Europe, against the backdrop of weak demand and poor weather, we grew share led by strong performances in the U.K., Bulgaria and Croatia. Encouragingly, our share performance in Romania also turned positive in the quarter. And in addition, we maintained our share in the Czech Republic. Carling, our largest brand in Europe, grew share and our core plus and premium portfolio performed well, with Staropramen core brand, Coors Light, Doom Bar and Cobra all delivering share growth in the quarter. The integration of our U.K. and Central Europe businesses continues to progress well, and as you would expect, we are delivering the synergies promised from the Central Europe acquisition and the cost reductions from the U.K. restructuring. As a result, underlying pretax profit in Europe grew significantly. In International, we achieved strong Coors Light volume growth in Mexico and introduced Blue Moon in Japan, Carling in China and Staropramen selection in Ukraine during the quarter. In summary, although consumer demand continues to be soft, we continue to see opportunities for ongoing cost reductions, and we are generating cash, paying down debt and focusing the business on profit after capital charge. With that as an overview, I'll turn it over to Gavin to give second quarter highlights and perspective on the balance of 2013. Gavin?
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Peter, and hello, everybody. Molson Coors' second quarter underlying after-tax earnings increased 11.4% to $278.6 million or $1.51 per share. This growth was driven by earnings accretion from our Central Europe acquisition and improved financial performance in Europe and International, along with a lower effective tax rate. This lower tax rate was driven by changes in tax legislation in Canada, which decreased our second quarter effective tax rate by approximately 5 percentage points. Underlying operating income increased 10%, while pretax income grew 5.6% in the quarter. Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors increased more than 20% due to the addition of Central Europe results. As we have in previous quarters, I'll provide an overview of our results, with MillerCoors presented as if it were proportionately consolidated. This is a non-GAAP approach, but we believe it provides a useful view of some key performance metrics for our business. On this basis, total company net sales increased 7.8% in the second quarter, driven by the inclusion of the Central Europe business. Despite pricing growth across all regions, net sales on a per hectoliter basis decreased 7.4% in the quarter due to the addition of Central Europe sales and a lower net sales per hectoliter rate. Underlying cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 7% due to the addition of Central Europe, which has a lower cost structure than our other businesses, partially offset by higher cost of goods sold per hectoliter in Canada and the United States. Total company gross margin was 41.6%, 30 basis points lower than a year ago, primarily due to higher cost of goods sold in Canada and the U.S. Despite the addition of Central Europe in MG&A this year, underlying marketing, general and administrative expenses increased only 5%. Underlying operating margin was 17.5%, up 30 basis points from a year ago, driven by positive pricing and cost savings globally. Our underlying earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, reached $473 million in the second quarter, up 12.5% from a year ago. Year-to-date underlying EBITDA grew 9.6% to $690 million. Based on investor feedback, we are now providing underlying EBITDA results on a quarterly basis as another useful measure of our financial performance. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the quarter. It's also important to note that our second quarter underlying results exclude some special and other non-core gains, losses and expenses that net to a $7.3 million pretax charge. These exclusions from our U.S. GAAP results primarily relate to the net effect of unrealized foreign exchange and fair value adjustments associated with the EUR 500 million convertible note issued as part of the Central Europe acquisition, along with integration of added costs in Europe and Corporate. These special and other non-core items are described in detail in this morning's earnings release. Underlying free cash flow for the first half of this year totaled $366 million. This represents an increase of $30 million over last year, driven by improvements in working capital and the addition of Central Europe operating cash flow, partially offset by the addition of Central Europe capital spending. Our first half 2013 free cash flow was made up of the following factors: $591 million of operating cash flow, which includes $290 million from MillerCoors; plus $25 million of net addbacks, primarily Central Europe-related financing and integration costs; investing cash outflows were $150 million of capital spending and $100 million of cash invested in MillerCoors. Total debt at the end of the second quarter was $4.57 billion, and cash and cash equivalents totaled $802 million, resulting in net debt of $3.77 billion, approximately $373 million lower than 3 months earlier. Last week, we used some of our cash on hand to pay off $575 million of convertible notes, which we issued in 2007 and mature in July 30 this year. In order to drive returns on capital and total shareholder return, as we discussed in New York in June, we continue to roll out and embed our profit after capital charge, or PACC model, across the company. Looking forward to the full year for 2013, we are reducing our effective tax rate guidance to a range of 13% to 17%, a 3 percentage-point reduction, primarily as a result of the onetime benefit of tax law changes in Canada in the second quarter. These tax law changes had been under discussion for 10 years and were finally enacted towards the end of June. Our rate guidance range for the second half of this year is 16% to 20%, assuming no additional tax law changes, settlement of tax orders or adjustments to our uncertain tax positions. We continue to expect our underlying effective tax rate to move towards a range of 20% to 24% over the medium term. We are adjusting downward our cost of goods sold per hectoliter guidance for our Europe business, which we now anticipate will be down low single-digits for the full year in local currency and for our International business, which we also expect to be down low single-digits for the year. Our full year forward guidance is unchanged from last quarter for the following metrics: underlying free cash flow, which is still $700 million, plus or minus 10%; define benefit pension expense and contributions, which are expected to be approximately $50 million of expense and $150 million of cash contributions including our 42% of MillerCoors; capital spending of about $330 million for the year; Corporate MG&A expense of approximately $105 million, excluding foreign exchange movements; consolidated net interest expense of approximately $170 million; and cost of goods sold per hectoliter for our other 2 businesses, such that the U.S. outlook continues to be up at a low single-digit rate and Canada is up mid single-digits on a local currency basis. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for regional outlook, wrap-up and the Q&A. Peter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Gavin. In the U.S., our net revenue per hectoliter growth remained solid, but volume has been challenged. We will continue to put emphasis on growing the above-premium part of our portfolio while addressing the Premium Light volume declines. In respect of above-premium, we are pleased with the contribution from Redd's Apple Ale on top of that achieved by Leinenkugel Summer Shandy and Blue Moon. We plan to introduce Redd's Strawberry Ale in the fall. In Canada, the second quarter results benefited from lower marketing sales spending, which we expect to reverse in the second half. Molson Canadian has performed well on the back of a very well-received Canadian passport creator. And we have some work to do on Coors Light. Meanwhile, in above-premium, we are expanding the reach of Six Pints and continue to see good growth from the Rickard's brand family. In Europe, despite expected industry softness, we will be increasing our MG&A spending against a strong brand and innovation program. Carling Cider in the U.K. is now benefiting from heavyweight marketing support. Carling Zest is growing strongly, and Carling Coolers are being tested by an exclusive launch in Asda-Walmart, building on the success of beer mixes in Central Europe. In Hungary, we have extended our Borsodi brand with the introduction of Borsodi Super Dry. In the Czech Republic, we are establishing a new non-alcohol category via the launch of Brewers Lemonade. Alongside the innovation agenda, we have also expanded the existing portfolio with the introduction of Carling into Croatia and Molson Canadian into Ireland, both of which are performing well. Our International business continues to focus on growth behind a solid portfolio of Coors Light, Carling and Staropramen. In the second half of 2013, our International business will include the negative impact of transferring our Carling travel and export businesses to the Europe segment, as well as no longer cycling losses in the China joint venture. As we stated during our Investor Day in June, we continue to expect our International business to achieve profitability in 2016 while continuing -- or contributing to the top line growth of the overall business. And finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the third quarter. In the U.S. for the 4 weeks ending July 27, STRs increased low single-digits driven by improved Premium Light trends, which were due in part to the timing of the July 4 holiday load-in, which shifted some volume from June to July. In Canada, our sales-to-retail for the first 4 weeks of the quarter decreased at a low single-digit rate. In Europe, our sales volume increased at a low single-digit rate in the first month of the quarter. And in the 4 -- first 4 weeks of the quarter, our International sales volume, including royalty volume, decreased at a low double-digit rate. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. To summarize our discussion today, in the second quarter our company delivered double-digit underlying earnings growth driven by earnings accretion from the Central Europe acquisition and improved financial performance in our Europe and International businesses, along with a lower tax rate. We are also generating strong underlying EBITDA and free cash flow, and reduced our net debt by $373 million in the quarter. We delivered these results despite weak consumer demand across all of our markets. As we discussed 2 months ago during our New York Investor Day, we are focused on the drivers that matter in our business: driving strong core brand performance, leveraging our value-added innovation pipelines, increasing our share of the above-premium market, capturing significant sustainable cost savings and allocating cash by our disciplined tax-centered process that builds long-term shareholder value. In the remainder of the year, we expect consumer demand to remain weak. Despite this, we plan to increase our marketing investment behind our core brands and innovation in order to drive long-term returns for our shareholders. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. So at this point, Tracy, we would like to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Some more clarity on what drove Canadian volume softness from an industry standpoint in the quarter. I'm assuming weather had an impact, but were there other factors there? Because I'm surprised the volumes are still so weak in July, with the easy comp there and improved weather. And then also, can you just discuss if there's been any change that you've seen in terms of the level of competitive pressure coming from the value segment?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes. So let me just headline it, and Stewart can give you more detail. I mean, the second quarter last year was a strong quarter in Canada. Volumes were up. So from that point of view, it was a difficult comp, plus the fact that we did benefit from the launch of Coors Light Iced T, as we highlighted in the second quarter of last year. So we were tracking that as well. And that certainly had an impact on our second quarter figures. But Stewart, do you want to go into more detail?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, happy to do that, Peter. I mean, look, I think if you looked at the beer industry, June was an appalling month in beer volumes, and broader alcohol was -- other wines and spirits were more or less flat, but beer itself was down across the country, and that was primarily driven by a weakness in weather. If you just looked at our volumes, we were off for the year, if you look at industry number we use, we're off by about 100,000 hectoliters for the year, about 1/2 of that was Coors Light Iced T. So hopefully, that gives you a little perspective.
Peter S. Swinburn: Value segment, Stewart?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Sorry?
Peter S. Swinburn: Value segment.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So value segment, how did value segment operate for us, value is a place where actually historically we've underperformed. I'd say, as I looked at the second quarter, I'm pleased to say we grew share of value. Value itself was flat, but our share of the segment grew.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And also, can you talk about the value segment as a percent of industry volume and if you're seeing any changes there? And then just on the pricing environment, in general, it was the weakest result we've seen from you guys in a few years. So can you separate out kind of price and mix in terms of the impact on the quarter and how pronounced some of the discounting you're seeing is, and what you're seeing from a promotional standpoint by region?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Sure. So first, on value, because value was close to flat, value did gain share of beer in total, and we gained a share of value. With respect to NSR, so break it into 2 pieces. On a net price basis, we were positive by almost 1%. Across the country, we saw a pricing pressure in Atlantic and Québec, primarily very competitive markets, continue to be that -- to see pricing pressure about through the end of the quarter. I can comment on that piece. What -- I think if you then looked at the remaining impacts, you'll find there were really several impacts. First of all, we saw a loss of premium overall, so there was a segment impact on the market. The second one was, as mentioned already, we saw stronger value performance at value having lower NSR, so that mix resulted in lower NSR. We saw a shift to some of our larger packs. And then, of course, we saw lower volumes in Ontario, and the combination of those drove the balance of the NSR negative.
Operator: Your next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a -- I guess a follow-up on Canada, just where do we stand now on trade inventories in the quarter? And because it looked like your sales-to-wholesalers ran a little bit ahead of sales-to-retailers, so is there any residual effect in the second half as we look at shipments?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, I think if you looked at -- yes, certainly, I think if you looked at the difference between the volumes that were our fiscal volumes versus our industry volumes, you'll see a bigger spread there. That is primarily related to Ontario, and it relates to the way in which the LCBO accounts for shipments coming from Europe. So there is a small amount there. I won't speak to the exact volumes.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But as we're modeling out the second half, would we see some lag between what you'll shift versus what the sales-to-retailer will be in Canada?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Again, we won't give any forward guidance on that. But again, I have explained the difference between the fiscal volumes and that adjustment for industry. And now I just would say, just sorry, just if you go back, just more commentary on that. If you look back over time, you will see historically in our numbers a difference between those. I just think if you looked at this particular quarter, you will see that the gap is a little bit higher.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Great. And Gavin, just on the tax rate, is the cash tax rate for the quarter or for the year going to resemble your P&L tax rate? And I guess, does your free cash flow at all for the year get flattered by the lower tax rate?
Gavin Hattersley: Now Bryan, our underlying free cash flow goal that we've got out there of $700 million, plus or minus 10%, is inclusive of any cash tax payments. And we've left that unchanged from our earlier guidance. This one-off change in the Canadian tax law is essentially a noncash item.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ian Shackleton with Nomura.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I was very interested in the change guidance on the COGS for Europe and International. I just wonder if you could just give a little bit more description. Is this low barley cost coming through, or is this something you expect to see in the other divisions as hedging runs out, perhaps going into next year?
Peter S. Swinburn: I'll pass that on to Gavin here.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, hi, Ian. As you know, there are a number of factors that drive the cost of goods sold. In these 2 instances, there had been some geographic mix changes by country, as well as brand and pack mix changes. The commodities which we use vary by country as well, and they're not the same in Canada as they are, for example, in Europe. And you will have seen and know that certain commodity prices have reduced worldwide. This has had a favorable impact on some of our unhedged positions. Our cost savings program is also on track, and remember that we did say in New York that for the first 2 to 3 years, we would be at the higher end of our $40 million to $60 million guidance. And finally, we have had some positive leverage in some parts of the world, specifically in this case, the U.K.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And just as a follow-up. When we think about that cost going to improve when coming at the high end of the $40 million to $60 million, certainly for this year, does that build as the year goes on, because I'm mindful of this that this is only announced back in June really to us?
Gavin Hattersley: I think the way I'd answer that is by guiding you towards our cost of goods sold guidance, which we've got out there, Ian. And to your earlier question, we will be giving guidance on 2014. We would only be doing that, I think, after the fourth quarter earnings results.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just want to talk a little bit about the shift in marketing spending timing. And I guess I was wondering how much of this is sort of you guys responding to what's obviously a difficult category and choosing to put money to work at different times of the year? How much of this -- is there a sales curve accounting impact here in terms of the weaker volumes, particularly given the difficult comp? Just so is -- so we can get an idea in terms of how to model this out, how much is -- you guys being choiceful, for lack of a better word, versus maybe just how some of the volume shipments worked out and the allocations behind that?
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. I think simplistically, I mean, we just have a difference in year-over-year timing of spend in the first half, and we expect that to rectify itself. A lot of this is driven by introduction of brands and what we want to do with our core brands as well. I think the best thing I can do, to be honest with you, is to steer you towards Gavin's guidance on MG&A expense, which he's given. And so I think that's going to be as good as anything, to be honest with you.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. But that means there's no real response here in terms of the weakness in the category. It simply is related to programs moving in and out quarter-to-quarter, year-over-year?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, that would be right.
Operator: Your next question is from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First, just on Canada pricing. I just wanted to clarify just how you're thinking about your outlook for pricing. Clearly, the trend that we're seeing in terms of value growing, the premium under pressure is not necessarily a new phenomenon, so just in terms of thinking up rate pricing and the mix impact, does it get better from here? Or do we really see this as kind of an ongoing revenue per hectoliter trend for the next few quarters?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So, I mean, Judy, of course, we don't give any guidance on our forward-looking revenue. But I can just tell you that -- a couple of things. First of all, the growth of value, in our case, again I said value is approximately flat in the market. In our case, we actually grew share values. That was actually a positive. We saw a good deal of pressure on premium, and I think premium, just in general in the market, was under pressure. Our premium was also under pressure because of pressure that we saw from Coors Light Iced T. But beyond that, I can't really give you any prediction for the future other than to say that we're focused pretty acutely on Coors Light, and we'd like to see that brand performing better. I will also say that it is a competitive market. And if you looked across the country, what hasn't changed is the level of pricing competition across all of the regions.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So the level of competition is pretty intense that sort of limits the pricing side. And then within your portfolio, your value is outperforming your premium so that the negative mix impact right now is greater than it's been?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, I won't give you, again, any guidance on going forward what the pricing will look like, but you are right that the mix is an impact and the market is competitive. You can certainly see those by looking at the front line pricing that you've seen in supermarkets. One of the things we called out in our release was the higher costs related to promotional packaging. And you're seeing a lot more promotions where people are including T-shirts or hats or those kinds of things alongside of the beer that a consumer is buying.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Gavin, just as we think about the rollout of the pack model, can you help us just understand the phasing of that model within the organization? And sort of in the near term, what kind of an impact we should be focused on, and to the extent that volume really does come in pretty weak and pricing is pretty competitive, does this allow you to have more flex in your P&L to offset some of the headwinds and your profit growth is protected?
Gavin Hattersley: Judy, look, I'm not going to give you any forward guidance on profit. But to answer some of your questions, individually, from a pack rollout point of view, we're obviously starting at the top of the organization and cascading it down. And this year and then early into next year, I would expect us to be through most of the senior management of the organization, and then we'll take a decision on how we roll that out further throughout the organization. We're nicely on track from that perspective. Obviously, much of what we said in New York in June are the areas we're focusing on. So I think we've talked a lot about working capital, and obviously, that the focus we have on working capital allows us to get to our debt leverage targets, which we have out there to get back to where we were pre-acquisition within 1 to 3 years. And we have -- and to tell you about those working capital targets, it focuses on our capital efficiency and how we prioritize our spending from a capital point of view, which projects to go after and which not, and it also impacts on the cost side of our business. So without getting into any forward-looking profit statements, I think that's the best way I can answer your question.
Peter S. Swinburn: And Judy, I don't know whether it helps or not, but the prime metric that we measure ourselves against as a management team is the PACC metric.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And that's the Molson Coors consolidated level, including MillerCoors JV?
Peter S. Swinburn: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Swartzberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Gavin, on the free cash flow view, I'm wondering if there's any particular items that aren't P&L, or at least not directly on the P&L but are more surely on the cash flow here that are going to be kind of incremental headwinds in the second half? And the reason I ask is you've got a pretty healthy amount of free cash flow in the first half, you tend to be a second half-weighted free cash flow company, and yet you're still saying this plus or minus 10% number on the $700 million. So it seems like we should be looking on the plus side of the $700 million, but there may be things going on that I'm missing.
Gavin Hattersley: Mark, look, I will let you decide which side of the $700 million you get, plus or minus. I would just point to some of the factors which impact our working capital -- not working capital, our free cash flow and which we talked about earlier when we set this guidance, and that was that we do have increased pension contributions, our cash taxes are increasing. And we, on the positive side, we're making steady improvements in our working capital. We are going to have higher capital expenditure and cash interest this year, primarily as a result of the Central Europe acquisition. So I'll steer you to the $700 million plus or minus 10%, Mark, and leave you to make the calculation.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: All right, fair enough. And then Stewart, a few questions on Canada. You called out this asset write-down as a component of the COGS increase. Could you give us a little bit more color on what sort of write-down that is and how enduring it might be, or whether we should expect anything like that on a go-forward basis?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, I mean, I would say, look, it's really a couple of items. We wrote down some obsolete equipment, and we also had some write-offs related to aged product. So I would say the aged product is something that you see year-over-year, and that the write-off of the obsolete equipment is going to be more sporadic.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it. And for clarity on this larger subject of the timing of marketing spend, in Canada, is it right to think that the number is it's the $12 million number you called out in the press release showing up in the second half?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So we didn't say specifically what would show up in the second half. We did point to the fact that in the first part of the year, $12 million was affected by phasing. Also important to note that in the fourth quarter of last year, we had lower marketing expense as a result of the NHL strike. So you'll have to make a guess as to where we're going to end up. But I think with those pieces of information, you're well on to do that.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then finally, this July, STR number in Canada, I think you said, what, down low single-digits. Anything we should know either in terms of promotional activity or mix trends or share trends that is different than what we've seen either year-to-date or in the second quarter numbers?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, I mean, Mark, as you know, of course, we don't normally speak to the third quarter. But so I'd just restrict my comments to the second quarter, and I think I've given you those.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge Research.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: A couple of quick questions. You called out in your press release a significant reduction in G&A costs, specifically in Canada. Is that just part of the cost savings and we should expect that kind of stuff going forward? And then I have a follow-up on the International side.
Gavin Hattersley: Okay. So yes, the answer is those are just part of our normal savings programs. And there was a smaller component of our cost reduction, which is related to lower incentive comp expense. So that obviously could come back in the future. But no, those are the 2 pieces.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. And then quickly, on the International side, MG&A was down about $10 million. Is there any way that you guys can give us a little bit more color on sort of the pieces that drove the decline?
Krishnan Anand: Brett, this is Kandy here. Yes, our MG&A was down 39% due to the impairment and deconsolidation of our China JV in 2012. We did incur lower overhead expenses. In addition, we specifically reduced our marketing investment in low margin non-China JV business to institute a more controlled spending approach in that market. And finally, we had lower overhead expenses across all markets during the quarter. That's how it added up.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. But it sounds like those should all continue going forward, is that fair?
Peter S. Swinburn: No, it's not. The China piece, the deconsolidation, we had the benefit in the first half, we won't get the benefit in the second half. The China reduction in spend of marketing actually started in the fourth quarter of last year, so you would get 1 quarter benefit of that, and the rest you can assume will continue.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. I mean, I don't know if this is asking too much, but is it, I mean, is it roughly 1/3 each of those buckets or...
Peter S. Swinburn: That's probably asking a bit too much, yes.
Operator: Your next question is from Rob Ottenstein with ISI.
Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you can give us a sense now, roughly looking at the Coors Light brand, what percentage of the volumes are in Canada, U.S. and International now? And what the global consolidated volumes did for the quarter?
Peter S. Swinburn: We probably can if you give us a couple of seconds, Rob.
Gavin Hattersley: We don't normally talk about split of Coors Light by territory there.
David Dunnewald: Yes, but this is Dave Dunnewald. The U.S. is still by far the largest market for Coors Light. It's the second largest beer and the second largest beer market in the world. It's the largest beer in Canada, but that's a much smaller market in total volume. Population of Canada is only about 1/10 of the U.S. So Coors Light, while a very big brand in Canada is not as -- the total volume there is not as big as in the U.S. And then in the U.K, I would say, or in Europe more broadly, but specifically primarily in the U.K., Coors Light is growing very quickly off of a very small base.
Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, maybe we can follow-up offline. Can you give us a sense in terms of Europe, to the degree you have it, which countries you gained share? And maybe a little bit more detail country by country in terms of share and volume performance?
Peter S. Swinburn: I think in the script, we outlined in those countries where we saw the gain share. But Mark, do you want to just go over that again?
Mark Hunter: Sure. So I won't talk to volume by country, but certainly from a share perspective, we saw share growth through the second quarter in the U.K., Bulgaria, Croatia and very encouragingly, in Romania. And we held our share in the Czech Republic despite what was a pretty material flooding incident that took place in June in Prague itself. So basically, our bigger markets were -- performed strongly from a share perspective. I think the interesting thing that we're seeing from a volume point of view is a particular volatility. So if you look at the first quarter in Europe, industry volumes were down about 0.5%. In the second quarter, they were down almost 6%. That's an industry level based on Nielsen data, and that's despite April and May being pretty strong, so June itself was very soft. And within that, we're seeing some pretty significant volatility. A lot were driven by weather patterns. So we are having to obviously make pretty short-term decisions to invest relative to some of the volume volatility that we're seeing. But I think we're managing that very effectively, and the share numbers speak for themselves.
Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just one last question. I think you hinted at it but just so I'm absolutely clear, what is your expectation for the cash tax rate for this year?
Gavin Hattersley: I'm not sure we give out that level of specificity from a cash tax rate point of view. As I said, Robert, it is built into our $700 million plus or minus 10% full year underlying free cash flow guidance.
David Dunnewald: The only thing that we've said in the past, Robert, is that our cash tax rate, while we're not giving a forecast for a particular year, if you look at it historically, it has been, in recent years, a bit lower than our booked tax rate. And we've said in the past that we expect over time that the cash tax rate will migrate in the direction of or toward the book tax rate.
Operator: And your next question is from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Stewart, I have a question about just your merchandising plans around the NHL for this upcoming season. First, if you could just describe, I guess, now as you kind of merchandise into the second half of the year and against the straight period last year, is there anything that you're doing differently this year, or that's different than a normal year, just because you've got this anticipation of the season started -- starting versus the strike last year? And then also, just as you look out merchandising into the NHL for the entire year, is there -- just how does the -- how do the Olympics affect that merchandising? Is there -- are you still sort of marketing against or merchandising against the Olympics while it's going on? Or is there sort of a window of time there during the season where it's relatively dark?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So first of all, you'll see a big change in the fourth quarter relative to last year because we just picked up the sponsorship of the NHL last year, but really didn't have anything to activate again since the teams are not playing. So fundamentally, all of the things that you would normally expect with a premier sponsorship like the NHL, you will see activated in the fourth quarter of this year. Relative to the Olympics, we're still developing some of the plans around the Olympics but we are sponsoring the Canadian Olympic team. And we expect that the Olympics activities actually will be very complementary to our NHL sponsorship because obviously, they will both be focused on hockey.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Kandy or Peter, now that we don't have the year-on-year noise from China, it sounds like International is not performing to plan. So a, is that accurate, b, what's really going on there, and how -- if we take out the structural noise and look at the trends we're seeing presently in the month of July versus first half, can you give us some flavor about what that sequential trend is?
Peter S. Swinburn: So I guess my first reaction would be no, it's not accurate, Mark. As far as we're concerned, the International business is smack on plan. And as I've reiterated in the script, we're absolutely in line with making this business profitable in 2016. So in -- from that point of view, absolutely, yes. I'll let Kandy speak to some of the trends because some of the volume that we expect, it has been impacted specifically in India because of rain and so on. But Kandy, do you want to take the detail?
Krishnan Anand: Sure. So Mark, as far as the volume is concerned, you saw the large volume growth during this quarter, but that's partly because of the comparison changes we had on the China JV, the inclusion of our Staropramen exports. As we look at the -- our results as far as the first 4 weeks are concerned, they are negatively impacted by the transfer of the Carling travel and export business to the Europe segment, as well as the fact that we are not selling in our China JV. And these 4 weeks were the last period we sold volume in 2012. Without these negative impacts, our volume for the last 4 weeks would be up low single-digits. This is despite the weather effects and the business effects in markets like India, which have had unprecedented rain and floods.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it. So on an x structural change, the business continues to grow?
Peter S. Swinburn: That's correct.
Krishnan Anand: That's correct, Mark.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in queue. I'd turn the call back over to Mr. Swinburn.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Tracy, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you again at the end of our third quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter S. Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gavin Hattersley - Global Chief Financial Officer Stewart F. Glendinning - Chief Executive Officer Andrew T. Molson - Chairman, Member of Nominating Committee and Member of Class A-M Nominating Subcommittee Mark Hunter - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Europe and President of Molson Coors Europe Krishnan Anand - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors International and President of Molson Coors International Tom Long - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Research Division Vivien Azer - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Hiroshi Saji - Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd., Research Division Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time-to-time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results that the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. Now I would like to turn the call over to Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Candice. Hello, and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call. Thank you for joining us today. With me on the call this morning are Gavin Hattersley, Molson Coors's CFO; Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors; Stewart Glendinning, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors Europe; Kandy Anand, CEO of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors's Chief Legal and People Officer; Zahir Ibrahim, Molson Coors's Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors's VP of Investor Relations. On the earnings call today, Gavin and I will take you through highlights of our first quarter 2013 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective of the remainder of 2013. Our first quarter numbers include the effect of the Central Europe acquisition that we completed in the middle of last year. Because of this addition, we recorded volume and sales increases but a posttax income decline. The decline was driven by 3 months in Central Europe debt-servicing costs being allocated against our lowest earnings quarter of the year in that region, along with foreign exchange losses and increased marketing spend across the rest of the business. As reported by others, weather affected volumes in all of our markets. Against this backdrop, we grew share in Europe, saw relatively flat share in the U.S. and lost share in Canada. Our innovation programs got off to a fast start and reflects a pipeline that is both full and exciting. In the U.S., our portfolio transformation strategy delivered growth in domestic net revenue per hectoliter of 4%, the largest quarterly percentage increase in 4 years. Also, Nielsen results indicate that we gained share in each key segment in the first quarter, and we achieved initial success with the national brand launches of Redd's Apple Ale and Third Shift Amber Lager. Coors Light grew market share, while Miller Lite declined. Overall, we again achieved market share growth in the Premium Light segment. In Canada, the substantial excise tax increase in Québec last November impacted volumes this quarter. Our business was disproportionally affected because of our high market share in Québec. Late in the quarter, we relaunched the Aluminum Pint bottle and launched Molson Canadian Wheat. In Europe, we grew overall share, driven in particular by the strength of our brands in the U.K., Bulgaria, Croatia and the Czech Republic. Our core plus and premium portfolio performed strongly, with Staropramen, Coors Light, Doom Bar and Cobra all in growth in the first quarter. Carling, our largest brand in Europe, also grew in the first quarter. The integration of our U.K. and Central Europe businesses is progressing well, and we are on track to deliver the synergies related to the Central Europe acquisition as well as cost reductions associated with the U.K. restructuring. As a result, pro forma underlying results in Europe improved significantly. In international, we achieved strong volume growth in Latin America and India, and we also introduced Staropramen Unfiltered in Sweden during the quarter. So with that as an initial overview, I'll turn it over to Gavin to give first quarter financial highlights and a perspective on the balance of 2013. Gavin?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Peter, and hello, everybody. Molson Coors's first quarter underlying aftertax earnings decreased 36% to $54.6 million or $0.30 per share. This decline was driven by the inclusion of operating losses in 3 months of debt service this year from Central Europe acquisition in the lowest sales and profit quarter of the year. Results a year ago did not include these impacts. This year, negative foreign exchange of $6 million on a pretax basis also contributed to lower results, along with weak economic conditions and challenging weather. Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors increased more than 20% due to the addition of Central Europe results. As we have in previous quarters, I will provide an overview of our results, with MillerCoors presented as if it were proportionately consolidated. This is a non-GAAP approach, but we believe it provides a useful view of some key performance metrics for our business. On this basis, total company net sales increased 10.4% in the first quarter, driven by the inclusion of the Central Europe business along with growth in the United States. Despite pricing growth across all markets, net sales on a per hectoliter basis decreased 6.8% in the quarter due to the addition of Central Europe sales and a lower net sales per hectoliter rate. Cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 4.5% due to the addition of Central Europe, which has a lower cost structure than our other businesses, partially offset by higher cost of goods sold per hectoliter in Canada. Total company gross margin was 36.4%, 150 basis points lower than a year ago, primarily due to higher cost of sales in Canada, including a higher brand investments captured in this line. Marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 10.2% due to the addition of Central Europe results and investments for national brand launches by MillerCoors. Underlying operating margin was 7.3%, down 170 basis points from a year ago, driven by higher Canada cost of goods sold, increased brand investments and the addition of Central Europe MG&A, which were partially offset by positive pricing and cost savings. Looking specifically at our New York segment on a pro forma basis, which includes the U.K. and Central Europe for this year and last year, this business improved financial performance substantially. Overall market share was higher, pricing increased across the region, and cost savings were achieved. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the quarter. It is important to note that our first quarter underlying results exclude some special and other noncore gains, losses and expenses that net to a $21.9 million pretax charge. These exclusions from our U.S. GAAP results primarily relate to unrealized foreign exchange and fair value adjustments associated with the EUR 500 million convertible notes issued as part of the Central Europe acquisition, along with restructuring charges in Europe and Canada. These special and other noncore items are described in detail in this morning's earnings release. Underlying free cash flow for the first quarter of 2013 totaled a use of $49 million. This was a $30 million lower cash use versus a year ago and was driven by a significant improvement in working capital, which was partially offset by higher capital spending, pension contributions and cash income taxes, all of which were anticipated. Net free cash use in the first quarter of the year is normal in this seasonal business, but this is at the lowest profit- and cash-generating time of the year. Our first quarter 2013 free cash use was made up of the following factors: $180 million of operating cash flow, which includes $117 million for MillerCoors; plus $10 million of net add-backs of Central Europe acquisition-related costs and restructuring payments. Investing cash outflows were $68 million of capital spending and $109 million of cash invested in MillerCoors. Total debt at the end of the first quarter was $4.65 billion, and cash and cash equivalents totaled $512 million, resulting in net debt of $4.14 billion, approximately $100 million higher than 3 months earlier due to seasonal cash use. Looking forward to the full year, our full year forward guidance is unchanged from last quarter: underlying free cash flow of $700 million, plus or minus 10%; defined-benefit pension expense and contributions, which are expected to be approximately $50 million of expense and $150 million of cash contributions, including 42% of MillerCoors; capital spending of about $330 million for the year; corporate MG&A expense at approximately $105 million, excluding foreign exchange movements; consolidated net interest expense of approximately $170 million; underlying effective tax rate changes of 16% to 20% for this full year and 20% to 24% on a longer-term basis; and cost of goods sold per hectoliter for each of our businesses, with the U.S. up at a low single-digit rate, Canada up mid-single digits on a local currency basis, Europe up low single digits on a local currency basis and International up low single digits for the full year. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for regional outlook, wrap-up and the Q&A. Peter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Gavin. In the U.S., our share performance was improved across key segments, and our net revenue per hectoliter growth is the strongest it's been for 4 years. For the third straight year, we're increasing our investment in innovation, and we are focusing that innovation on the biggest, highest-potential opportunities and the most profitable parts of the U.S. beer market. We will see new activity behind Coors Light and Miller Lite. And in Craft, we are planning new line extensions for Leinenkugel's and Blue Moon for summer and the fall. In above-premium, we're building on the initial success of launching Redd's, Third Shift and Batch 19 nationally. In Canada, we look forward to the hockey playoffs in key markets in the weeks ahead, along with full retail activation for the new season this fall. Going forward, we have a strong innovation program following the rollout of Molson Canadian Wheat. This will include the launch of Molson Canadian Cider in select markets this summer and Rickard's Shandy. Along with our innovative Aluminum Pint bottle, we also expect our 2 lead brands in Canada, Coors Light and Molson Canadian, to benefit from further packaging innovation ahead of the summer selling season. In Europe, Romania, Serbia and Hungary are on a firmer foot than just a few months ago, with trade inventories at better levels and the elimination of some low-margin package configurations. Staropramen is growing strongly across our Central Europe markets, and Carling grew volume and share in the U.K. The innovation agenda across Europe is accelerating, with Carling Cider now in market in the U.K. and performing in line with expectations. We are also broadening our Carling Zest portfolio with the launch of a ginger variant, and we are extending our beer mix offerings across Central Europe with the introduction of a cider mix and 3 new flavors. Additionally, we are launching [indiscernible] Super Dry in Hungary, Carling in Croatia and Molson Canadian in Ireland. Our International business continues to focus on growth and is investing ahead of the curve in high-opportunity emerging markets behind a solid portfolio of Coors Light, Carling and Staropramen. This business is on course and continued to drive growth in our key brands in the quarter. For the balance of 2013, we will expand into select markets and reduce our investment per hectoliter as we drive our international group to profitability over the medium term. Finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the second quarter: In the U.S., for the 4 weeks ended April 27, STRs were down mid-single digits. In Canada, our sales-to-retail for the first 4 weeks of the quarter decreased at mid-single digits. In Europe, our sales volume increased at a mid-single-digit rate in the first month of the quarter, with growth in all our key markets apart from the Czech Republic, which experienced unseasonably cold weather. And in the first 4 weeks, our international sales volume, including royalty volume, increased at a double-digit rate. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter, and trends could change in the weeks ahead. So to summarize our discussion today, our first quarter numbers include the effect of Central Europe acquisition that we completed in the middle of last year, which increased volume and sales but decreased income because of the seasonality of the business. Foreign exchange, brand investment and weather also affected our business. Against this backdrop, we grew share in Europe, saw relatively flat share in the U.S. and lost share in Canada. Our innovation pipeline is full, and related programs are off to a fast start. In the remainder of 2013, our focus will continue to be on the 3 pillars of our growth strategy, and particularly the first one, which is to grow profitably in our core businesses through brands and innovation. We also intend to pay down debt. In combination with disciplined cash use, our growth strategy is designed to drive long-term profit cash flow and total return for our shareholders. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. And also, as usual, at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. And so at this point, Candice, we'd like to open it up for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So in Canada, the pricing increase in the quarter was weaker than we've seen in the last couple of years. Can you just give us some detail on what drove that softness and the competitive environment in general in Canada? And also, your expectations as we look out for the balance of the year?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Sure. Dara, it's Stewart Glendinning here. Well, we won't give any forecast, of course, for the balance of the year related to pricing. But if you look back at this past quarter, yes, 1% was not strong pricing. I will say it was positive, which is good news. There were parts of the country that were more aggressive and competitive than others. Certainly, I think, if we looked at the Atlantic region, we saw a lot of promotions there. And particularly in BC, we saw higher levels of promotional volume in that province. Québec saw actually strong pricing, which came on top of the back -- on the back of also increased taxes, and the combination of those things affected volume in the province. Ontario was broadly in line with our average.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And do you think some of that promotional environment lingers as we look at the balance of the year, or was it more just kind of tactical within Q1, especially given some of the volume weakness in industry?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, it's hard to say what will happen in pricing because it is so dynamic and because we don't give any forecast on that. I will say that beer is, against other markets, relatively expensive in Canada, and it is a very competitive market. So we'll see what takes place over the balance of the year.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then up in Canada, you've been struggling from a market share standpoint the last couple of years here after really having nice outperformance prior to that. So what do you think has been the main issue from a market share standpoint? And some of this packaging innovation and other focus you mentioned in the balance of the year, does that really help you start to close this market share gap or even start to outperform at some point?
Andrew T. Molson: Of course, we are focused on driving the best possible answer for our shareholders, and a big part of that is market share. I think if you look back at the history of what's taken place in -- from a market share perspective, it's been most of the -- gains have come at the -- on the back of gains in wines primarily and also in the smaller brewers, those 2 impacts. Specifically, against the smaller brewers, that pressure has come both on the value end and in domestic above-premium. On the value end, you will have seen a push very hard this year with Keystone into a number of markets, also looking to be very competitive on our existing legacy brands. And I'm pleased to say that in value in this quarter, we saw a gain in share. On the above-premium side, we've been very successful there both in terms of Rickard's, Canadian 67, some of our higher-priced products, along with our craft offerings in Creemore and Granville Island. Again, we have seen those brands growing. But if you look at the shape of our portfolio, we are under-indexed in that above-premium segment and we're under- indexed in value. And so as some of those segments have seen growth, we have lost share. Now if you look at the balance of the year, so what should you expect? First of all, as I mentioned, we are pushing hard in both of the segments we're under-indexed in, and we've seen positive results there. As it relates to the mainstream part of our business, a lot of new innovation coming in the remainder of the year. Molson Canadian Wheat has been released; Cider is going to be in the marketplace; on the above-premium side, Shandy. So there's some news now coming into the market, which I think is going to be helpful for us as we look at the back part of the year.
Operator: And your next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with UBS.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Yes, if I could follow up on Canada a little bit. It's -- there's been some challenges, but we're still talking about growth rates from a volume perspective in the single digit. Can you give some context on the impact of the deleverage, because the down -- the degree to which profit was down was quite high versus what we saw in terms of volume, and especially, the offset that pricing should support?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Sure.
Peter S. Swinburn: [indiscernible] just for clarity, there wasn't growth in Canada. There was growth on NSR. The market was down about 0.8% and we were down about 1.4% in volume terms. So Stewart, do you want to pick it up from there?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, certainly. So thanks for clarifying that point. Of course, negative volumes do drive deleverage. And I think if you'd just reflect on our COGS, Kaumil, COGS were up just under 6%. About 1/3 of that was related to deleverage in mix, so giving you a sense of the kind of impact that, that can have on the results.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, about 1/3. And if we were to see -- as we get into the larger quarters, does that 1/3 shrink substantially if we're talking about the same volume numbers?
Stewart F. Glendinning: We're not going to break that down for the rest of the year. We have given you some guidance on what COGS looks like for the rest of the year, which is up mid-single digits. And obviously, each quarter, we'll report out on, specifically, what drove the quarter.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got it. And then on taxes, if -- I know you still have -- you've given us guidance for this year, but as we could think a little bit long term, obviously, your taxes seem to be -- have been structurally quite low to date. Do they stay there? Do they need to -- or will they creep up to a, just closer to a mid-20s as we go forward?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, I'll pass you on to Gavin for that in a second. But obviously, just to sort of build a little bit on Stewart's answer. Directionally, you're obviously right, because as the volumes increase, the fixed costs remain exactly where they are. So we would expect that to be a lower figure going forward.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, on tax, Kaumil, the 16% to 20% for this year is the guidance that we're holding to. I mean, the first quarter, as I said -- as I think we said in our release, we did have a discrete tax item, which drove a benefit in a very low-profit quarter. So we're sticking to the 16% to 20%. And yes, it's going to take us 3 years for us to get to the 20% to 24% level. So we will come off to 16% to 20% in the years ahead.
Operator: And your next question comes from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess I wanted to also just follow on Canada. And just kind of stepping back, this is a market where obviously, from a profitability perspective, you've struggled a bit. And I think you're still committed to growing your core markets in a profitable manner. So to the extent that you can talk about some of the things that you can control more on the cost side, what is the sense of urgency to really get some of those cost savings? And can you maybe talk about some of the opportunities, regardless of really what happens on the volume side?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So thanks for that, Judy. Look, let's start with the urgency. I mean, there's a high sense of urgency in our business generally to ensure that we are as cost-competitive as possible. I think if you looked at our operating margins relative to those of some of our competitive set, you'll conclude that there are some differences. Some of those differences are driven by the structure of our partner brands. But we are pretty clear that when we look at other areas of our cost structure, that they are driven by choices that we're making. And so we are actively looking at what changes can be made there. Sorry, could you just give me the other part of your question?
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I think it's just related to that. I mean, what are some of the things that you can actually -- you've made choices to control? And maybe you can even quantify what you think are the components of your cost structure that you can control, and what are the buckets of those opportunities?
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, I mean, I think -- yes, so thank you for that. I think, look at -- broadly speaking, it's going to break down both into COGS and G&A. And you could run some comparisons between us and others and see those gaps. I can't really get into the specific of -- by line item. But broadly, we're focused on the 2 components of G&A and COGS. On the bright side, I mean, I would look at this most recent quarter. And specific to the COGS line item, we fully offset all of the inflationary impacts that we saw in the quarter with ongoing cost savings. So cost savings are an active part of our agenda. And in fact, if you looked at some of our just broad G&A this quarter, it is lower than last year. And that's because we have fewer people. So I don't want to leave you with the impression that nothing's been done. In fact, a number of things have been done. But looking forward, we expect that there's more ground to cover.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a clarification on the pricing. So in Canada, you said it was up 1% per hectoliter. How much of that was mix versus price, pricing? And then, as you're kind of launching some of these higher-cost packaging, are you not just getting enough maybe mix improvement to kind of offset some of that, some of the higher costs because of the competitive environment? Or -- I guess I'm just wondering because it seems like the mix is a more negative on the cost side, but not necessarily flowing through on the positive to the pricing side.
Stewart F. Glendinning: You got it. Well, I mean, look, first of all, on -- just to address mix. When you look at the mix impacts, there's a couple of things going on. There's brand mix. Depending on the brand, that will influence cost, if it's partner brand or not a partner brand. I think if you looked at some of the higher-priced new product we're putting in, of course, our starting point is to try to ensure that we capitalize on higher-priced, more attractive and premium products to increase our margin on those. As it relates to other mix impacts in the market, an important dynamic to just understand is that broadly, across the market, there is a shift between bottles and -- from bottles to cans, cans being a more expensive packaging mix. And those prices are going to be somewhat managed by the market. Depending on where competition goes, we'll need to be competitive. So if I look back, I can see some periods where you'd like to get more margin on the can, but actually the competitive benchmark that's been set is putting some pressure on that. So a mix. So in some cases, you're getting more for that expensive product, and in some cases, not.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then my final question, just on the European segment. I'm wondering if you can give us a little bit more color just in terms of the cost savings you're getting, both on the synergy side as well as the savings that you're getting from the restructuring?
Peter S. Swinburn: We'll bring everyone up to speed a bit more at the analyst conference, Judy. But safe to say, as we said in the script, we're absolutely comfortable with where we are in terms of the synergies that we're driving out compared to the business case that we explained to you when we bought the Central European business. And equally, we're getting all of the cost savings that we expected to get from the restructuring in the U.K. as well.
Operator: And your next question comes from Ian Shackleton with Nomura.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Your performance in Europe looks very good compared with some of the other reporting we've seen. Volume's always minus 1% and then up in April, and a very healthy price mix, 5%. I'd like to have a bit more color, particularly on that price mix, how it's been achieved by market? Is it merely price mix, and how does it vary, as I say, across markets?
Peter S. Swinburn: Mark, do you want to take that?
Mark Hunter: Sure. I mean, what I'm not going to do is delve into every market, for obvious reasons. But if you look across Europe, on a pan-European basis, pricing's up just under about 5% on a local currency basis. And that's split pretty equally between mix and between price, net price improvements. So we're seeing the right kind of channel and pack improvements, and we're getting headline pricing coming through as well. I think on the volume front, overall industry was down just under a couple of points, a couple of percentage points. The interesting thing is that on our last call, I explained that Romania was probably blurring some of the industry performance because there's been pretty significant growth in that market, all driven in the very low-margin value segment. If you actually strip Romania out of the industry numbers, industry is down about 3% or so. And I think that really kind of emphasizes the strong performance we've seen across the majority of our markets. The U.K. is growing strongly. We've seen record shares in Bulgaria. We were #1 in Croatia. We were #1 in the Czech Republic, where we've recorded our highest-ever off-premise share. And the good news is, in both Romania and Hungary, which have been a bit more challenged, we're pretty confident that we've got those markets stabilized, and we're focusing our investment on higher-margin parts of the market. So really trying to work across each market on a market-by-market basis to give that aggregate improvement that you've seen, but I can't really go into any more detail within each of the markets, for obvious reasons.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And just following up -- I mean, overall -- because I thought you gained share in the region. And I'm just thinking about the markets where that's happened, it sounds like Romania, probably, you didn't, because the growth was large-pack PET. Is that the one that you didn't gain share in or...
Mark Hunter: Yes, and to be fair, the major markets we did grow share in. So the U.K., Bulgaria, Croatia and then the Czech Republic. In Serbia, Romania and Hungary, we've been working actively to actually get our stock in market, held by the distributors back to what I call more normal levels. That process is pretty much complete now, and we're feeling much more confident about the relationship between our supply and the demand in the marketplace. But we certainly gave up some share in Hungary and Romania, albeit both of those markets are very challenged from a unit margin perspective.
Operator: And your next question comes from Priya Ohri-Gupta with Barclays.
Priya Ohri-Gupta - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was wondering if you could just provide a little bit more clarity on how we should expect your debt paydown to proceed this year and whether you have an objective for where your leverage should be at year end?
Gavin Hattersley: From a debt leverage point of view, let me start with that. I mean, over the next 3 years, we've -- our stated objective is to get our leverage levels back to where they were pre-acquisition of StarBev. So depending on which rating agency you ask, we were either in the mid- to the high-tier levels. So that would be our medium-term or 3-year goal to get to that level by 2015. We have 2 debt coming up -- or 2 items of debt coming up in 2013. One is the euro convertible, which was done at the time of the deal. And that can be put on us by CBC anytime between 14 March, which obviously has passed, and the middle of December, but that will settle this year. And then the other one is the $575 million convertible, which is due in July. We have recently, as you would have seen from our financial filings, put in place a commercial paper program, which we were using to fund those 2 debt payoffs, including the cash resources we've got.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vivien Azer with Citi.
Vivien Azer - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My first question has to do with Europe. I'm trying to reconcile 2 comments that you made. I heard you say, I think, that you wanted to invest ahead of growth in that region, but at the same time, target a reduction in your investment spend per hectoliter. Can you help me reconcile those 2 comments, please?
Krishnan Anand: Well I think the comment that Peter made in the script -- this is Kandy. That was on the International business. I think what they're doing on International business is investing in high-growth markets and -- but at the same time because our growth in terms of volume is higher than the growth in our investment, we are decreasing our investment per hectoliter. And that's been consistent over the years, and we intend to continue to do that until we can start contributing to profitability in the medium term.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, just to build on that. I guess, the 2 comments -- I mean, at the macro level, we are investing ahead of the curve. So we're investing in long-term growth, but at the moment, that's costing us money. So we are investing ahead of the curve as far as the businesses concerned. That investment, as it pays off, means that we grow the business. And as the volume grows, then our costs -- our costs reduce because increased margin is spread across the whole system, if that make sense.
Vivien Azer - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: No, it definitely does. That's great. In terms of the Canadian market, not to belabor the point, but as I think about some of the industry dynamics and the updated number that you've offered for April, I'm curious if you can kind of tease out what the kind of onetime shock was from a price increase versus a weak consumer versus maybe just volume shifting to other categories as you kind of unpack the components of the overhang on volumes for the industry?
Peter S. Swinburn: There's a couple of things, I think. I mean, first of all, don't forget that for all of our numbers, with possibly the exception of Romania, which has a different calendar, Easter fell in the first quarter this year as opposed to the second quarter. So our second quarter numbers are affected by the comparison against Easter, that's point 1. I wouldn't personally get wrapped around the axle too much on small details of what happens in the first quarter in a relatively small volume and profit period. I think Stewart outlined the structural issues in Canada which we have to deal. And they are that structurally, the growth areas are above-premium and value. And what we're doing about that is that we've done a lot of work on value. We've had a best-value performance for quite a long time and actually grew market share in value, but we under-indexed. We also under-indexed in above-premium. Again, although we've had a good period in above-premium, we under-indexed. Within that, we're trying to keep our core brands moving forward. Canadian had a relatively good period. We've got a lot of innovation coming through. So what really is what we're doing about it, I think Stewart was pushing into, and what we're doing about it is we're going to continue to put pressure on that value segment so that we get closer to our fair share, but also, in above-premium, develop on the brands that we've already got in terms of Creemore, Granville Islands. But also, if you look at the innovation programs that Stewart talked about with Cider and with Rickard's Shandy coming through Canadian we just launched, we believe we're pushing all the right buttons to make sure that, that structural issue with which we're dealing is being addressed. Very similar to what we're trying to do in the U.S., if you look at it.
Operator: And your next question comes from Mark Swartzberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess, Mark, a couple of questions on Central and Eastern Europe. First, on the level of brand spending. Generally, can you speak to where we are in that evolution? Shortly after you purchased StarBev, you spoke about what we've seen, this pickup in spend levels. And it seems to be working out in terms of the share performance. Where are we in that evolution, in your opinion? And can you give us some sense, as you've picked up the rate of spend, how much has been on the trade side of things, and how much has been more on the pull/consumer side of things?
Mark Hunter: Sure. I don't think we ever said that there was a specific start point and end point in terms of the evolution of spending. We are committed to growing our brand portfolio with a focus on core, core plus, above-premium and innovation. And that's where we are investing. Investment, this year, is up on last year. I don't think we've given specific details on that, and we're clearly phasing that as we work our way through the year. So we're committed to invest more to build the strength of the portfolio. And as you say, that's demonstrating, I think, its value, particularly on major markets where we are seeing our share growth come through. The spend increase is balanced pretty equally between what I describe as direct-to-consumer and consumer-via-customer. And at the moment, the direct-to-consumer spend does take the biggest proportion, and both are growing roughly equally. If anything, there's an emphasis towards direct-to-consumer spend. And that's particularly to support the innovation agenda. As I think Peter and Gavin mentioned earlier, we've got Carling Cider, Carling Zest, Molson Canadian, Carling Lager going to Croatia, [indiscernible] Super Dry, 3 new beer mix flavors, the Franciscan Well acquisition in the Republic of Ireland. So the innovation focus and the above-premium and core plus focus with Staropramen, et cetera is, I think, paying dividends. So we will invest wisely and ensure that, that investment is phased and paced at a level which demonstrates a return. And I think that's what we've managed, certainly, to do as we've got off to a relatively strong start to this year.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And I didn't hear any Scotland innovations there, Mark. When's that going to come?
Mark Hunter: All of the above are relevant for Scotland.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. And then if I could, you also called out several other countries there in Central Europe as having a better macro picture than you've seen in the past. Can you speak generally to what you're seeing in terms of consumer behavior and how it's unfolding versus what we've seen in the last few years?
Mark Hunter: Yes, I mean, I think it's fair to say, across the majority of the European markets, GDP estimates, which -- actual GDP numbers through 2012 were anything from flat to minus 2, 2.5 points. They've improved slightly on a 2013 outlook basis, but they're still running kind of flat to negative, albeit a slight improvement. So I'm going to say, I'm certainly bullish from an overall economic perspective and from a consumer demand perspective. And the fact that we've seen industry volume across the markets in aggregate down a couple of points, and as I mentioned earlier, slightly higher than excluding Romania, would suggest that we're going to have to keep a real focus on not only the top line, through pricing and innovation, but continuing to manage our cost base very effectively. And again, as Peter mentioned, the cost-reduction plan in the U.K. is running bang in line with schedule, and we are being very tight with costs across the rest of our business.
Hiroshi Saji - Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd., Research Division: And finally, on the U.K., Carling you mentioned is picking up share. You're still getting reasonable price mix growth in that market. Can you speak to what's going on with Carling in the U.K. And give us any sense of any divergence between channels across your portfolio in the U.K., on and off trade share trends?
Mark Hunter: Yes, I mean, I think -- to cut to the chase on this, our on-premise performance with Carling has been very solid for the last few years. The major volatility we've seen has principally been around the off-premise channel, and I think we were pretty transparent last year when we said we were out of play with one of the majors from a promotional calendar perspective. The good news is that we've started this year, and Carling us in play across all of the major multiple grocers. And we're feeling, I think, as positive as we can about the opportunity for Carling this year to really kind of get back into a growth spurt, particularly on the core Carling brand where we've got new Carling creative platform, which is going to be released relatively soon and on the back of the innovation agenda, Zest was very successful last year. It's continuing to grow, and Carling Cider is now in market, and there'll be a further Carling addition in July of this year with one of our major customers. So probably feeling as optimistic about Carling as we have done for the last couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge Research.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Just want to circle back on the U.S. The question centers around shelf space. So first of all, can you think about where you guys are able to place Redd's and Third Shift, where that's taking shelf space from? And then just a little bit more broadly, what you're seeing from shelf space in terms of -- is some of the pressure on the mainstream and sub-premiums coming from reductions in shelf space to benefit the high end?
Peter S. Swinburn: Tom, can I pass it over to you for the detail?
Tom Long: Sure. Redd's is positioned beside Mike's Hard Lemonade. It's price-pointed there. Every now and again, it's put near ciders. We prefer it to be in the FMB section, and it's done quite well there. So that's net new space for us, and that's one of the reasons for the placement, as I mentioned. The premium light space is generally not challenged too much. It's actually the economy space that's been challenged in shelf sets by all the above-premiums.
Operator: And your next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just 2 questions. One, because I may have missed this, just had you updated at all your outlook for capital spending and free cash flows here?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, we did. Gavin can give you that now.
Gavin Hattersley: Bryan, we just reaffirmed what we said in the first quarter call where 2013 free cash flow will be -- underlying basis will be $700 million, plus or minus 10%. And our capital line will be $330 million, which is higher than last year, obviously, because of the addition of our Central Europe business. But both of those are unchanged.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then I guess just more broadly, Peter, if you could give us a little bit of perspective on -- it was about 1 year ago where you articulated really the driver, the need to begin to drive more innovation and basically start to drive more consistent sales growth. And I think in this quarter, you certainly -- it looks like you gained share in Europe. And the mix is -- you've seen some evidence of the mix improvement in the U.S. So I think there's a bit of attention in the market right now about whether going forward, the market wants to see Molson Coors sort of generate a lot more cost savings and maybe there's less of a focus on the sales growth, but on the other hand, you've got a strategy where you really -- I think you've articulated, you really need to start driving the sales growth in order to drive the bottom line. So can you give a little perspective on kind of where you feel today about some of that investment, is it beginning to -- you're beginning to feel comfortable that it's beginning to show up in the results, first? And then second, is it possible to have a model where you're focused on cost, but also driving the top line of the same time?
Peter S. Swinburn: Let me take the second part, first, Bryan. The answer to that is absolutely yes, it has to be. And we continue to do that. And I think Stewart outlined earlier with confidence, and we'll talk more in the investor meeting, but we are confident that -- on the cost saving line. So put that to one side, let's start off with the facts, okay, and let's just look at what we talked about this quarter. If you try and segment it, without going into any more detail, Europe, I think, anyone would accept as a very strong performance. In the U.S., I would argue the underlying fundamentals are very strong. We've got NSR growth of 4%. Our share performance is the best that we've seen probably for about 4 years. And we started off with a very strong innovation program with the outline of the strong innovation program to come. International, we've laid out over the years. We've told you exactly where we're going to get to, and we're bang in line on that program. We're not happy with Canada at the moment. There's some structural reasons for that position, but they're just excuses. We told you where the -- where we believe the weaknesses are and what we're doing to address them. We feel good about the movement we're making on value. We've got more work to do on above-premium, but we've got a strong innovation program coming out and our core brands are performing relatively well. So when you look forward, the real question, I think, is what is going to happen at the macro level with industry demand? And the short answer to that is we don't know the absolute difference between how much of our volume's been affected by weather and how much has been affected by consumer indifference. We believe -- we don't know, we believe a significant amount is down to the weather. And as that improves, then we think we're extremely well positioned to go forward in most of our markets on the basis of that which I've outlined. And Canada is still a work in progress, but we're very confident that we know where we need to look. So really, the best as I can, that would be my summary, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And just fair to say, over the last years, you've -- again, going back to the point at your Investor Day, I guess, last year in March where you articulated sort of the strategy in terms of spending -- invest more in the top line. Despite the weather being bad, despite a strike in Canada and the things you really can't control, it hasn't really affected your rate of investment, right? You've invested, and if the macro gets better, you're there in a position to kind of pick that up as the macro gets better. You haven't -- it hasn't really affected your approach to that investment?
Peter S. Swinburn: No, it hasn't. And again, I think you've seen the numbers we've talked about. I mean, we had a high level of investment in the U.S. just before Christmas. We followed that on with a high-level investment in our innovation program. We talked about increased marketing spend in Canada and in Europe. We've talked about investments in our innovation program going forward. So I think the facts are there for you to see that. And again, I'd come back to the point that, if you look at where we were structurally when we talked to you back in March and you look at the business structurally now, I would -- I believe we're in a stronger position. It has -- the first quarter was affected by consumer demand. You and I can have a view on how much of that is weather and how much is fundamental consumer demand, but we believe that the fundamentals of the business are strong, as I've outlined.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Robert Ottenstein with ISI.
Robert E. Ottenstein - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering, now that you've had StarBev for a little while, I'm wondering if you can just kind of reflect on where there's been positive surprises and negative surprises as you look at things? And second, the Staropramen just is a wonderful brand, it's a great beer. Any thoughts in terms of bringing that to the U.S.? You talked about being under-indexed at the high end. That could be a really nice superpremium import.
Peter S. Swinburn: Robert, I'll take the high-level answer to that, and I'll let Mark fill in on some of the others. And then Kandy can talk about Staropramen in the U.S. So the high level, really, in terms of the business case and the due diligence that we did on Central Europe, we've had no nasty surprises. And if anything, they've been positive. The only issue that's affected the overall performance of the business versus the business case is what Mark referred to earlier. We had various projections in terms of GDP for the various countries. And by and large, those projections, we're seeing, in hindsight, they did seem to be optimistic. But over and above that, the absolute structure in terms of what we thought we were getting, where we thought we might have issues, specifically Romania and Hungary, the opportunities in terms of Staropramen, innovation, putting -- premiumizing the business, they've all really come to fruition. So we're very pleased and satisfied that what we expected to happen has really happened. Mark, any builds on that?
Mark Hunter: Yes, probably just 2 or 3 things to touch on. You asked a question about positives and negatives. I have to say, the list of negatives would be very short. Probably the Romanian and Hungarian market are more challenging than we anticipated, but we've been dealing with that. We've made some changes to our leadership teams there, and we've got a very clear plan of action, which we're now executing. If you leave that to one side, I think on the positives, we're very pleased with the talent accretion that we've seen on our business. Some very, very capable leaders who are adding a lot of value. And there's a real focus within the business from what I would describe as an operational excellence perspective, both in supply chain, and we're now taking the best of the StarBev systems, integrating that with the Molson Coors legacy systems to create something, which is even more powerful. And that's already starting to be rolled across the supply chain network to really drive further efficiency and effectiveness. And in the area of commercial, the commercial excellence program that exists is being, to use our internal language, lifted and shifted back into other parts of the Molson Coors organization, particularly the U.K. and in Canada. So a real focus on trying to drive further executional effectiveness right at the front end of our business. The one area where I think we are adding value within the StarBev business, in particular, is really just trying to give the business more of a medium to long-term focus to really balance that short-term operational excellence orientation. So we're, I think, in a great place actually in terms of blending the kind of longer-term perspective, the brand and innovation focus that we have more broadly across Molson Coors with the real kind of operational excellence focus that exists within the StarBev business. And I have to say, having been in the business now for 10 months, I feel very good about what we've acquired and what we're creating here. With regard to your question on the Staropramen, that's a slightly complicated because of the existing MillerCoors relationship and an existing distributor relationship that's been in place for Staropramen in the U.S. But we are -- we agree with your sentiment on the brand, and we're working our way through how we could activate that. And Peter, I don't know whether you want to comment on that further?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, thanks, Mark. Kandy?
Krishnan Anand: Robert, first, we are really pleased that you like Staropramen. We think it's a fabulous beer, too. Certainly, my favorite these days. As Mark mentioned, the reason we have not moved Staropramen on to our MillerCoors system is because of an existence of a longer-term importer contract that we have with an importer here in the U.S. So we've agreed with MillerCoors to continue to build this brand, at least, during the remaining term of this longer-term contract. And we've just started working now with this importer to really build the brand step-by-step and make it available in the right way, in the right markets, in the right bars. It's going to be -- it's like a slow-burn craft brand, but we will build it with this importer as part of our overall export growth business for Staropramen.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Well, thank you, Candice. And thank you, everybody, for joining us today and for the questions. And we look forward to speaking to you at our analyst conference in New York in June. Thank you. Goodbye now.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-14 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Dunnewald - Vice President of Global Investor Relations
Analysts: Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company Fourth Quarter 2012 Follow-Up Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period and in U.S. dollars. I would now like to turn the call over to Dave Dunnewald, Vice President, Investor Relations.
David Dunnewald: Thanks, Candace. Hello, and welcome everybody. On behalf of Molson Coors Brewing Company, thank you for joining us today for our Fourth Quarter 2012 Follow-Up Earnings Conference Call. Our goal on this call is to address as many additional earnings-related questions as possible following our regular earnings conference call with Peter Swinburn, Gavin Hattersley and our business unit CEOs earlier today. We will use a standard question-and-answer format, and we anticipate that the call will last less than an hour. So let's get started. With me on the call are Heather Pollard, Investor Relations Manager; Spencer Schurr, Finance Forecasting Manager; Eric Mickelson, [ph] Manager of SEC Reporting; Mark Saks, Senior Director of Tax; and Zahir Ibrahim, Global Controller. Now as Peter Swinburn mentioned on our regular earnings call earlier today, lower fourth quarter underlying earnings were driven by a higher tax rate and cycling strong quarterly results the year before, including the 53rd week in our fiscal 2011 and some other onetime factors. Full year results included higher underlying earnings and $865 million of underlying free cash flow generation. Our Central Europe business is being integrated very effectively and in a difficult retail environment and isn't performing very well. In 2013, our focus will continue to be on the 3 pillars of our growth strategy and particularly, the first one, which is to grow profitably in our core businesses through brands and innovation. We also intend to pay down debt. In combination with disciplined high return cash use, our growth strategy is designed to drive long-term profit and cash flow and total return for our shareholders. So with that, we'd now like to open it up for your questions. Over to you, Candace.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from John Faucher with JPMorgan.
Operator: We'll move to our next question. Your next question comes from Ian Shackleton from Nomura.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Just a few questions. You gave us earlier some cost per hectoliter guidance, and I guess the one that was slightly higher was Canada. I was just sort of thinking that threw a little bit, is that really a comment on sort of pack mix really? And I know you have this move towards cans from returnable bottles? Is that the major factor there?
David Dunnewald: Yes. So our cost of goods guidance in Canada was mid-single digits for the year. That does include a component of innovation and also -- and that does include the Aluminum Pint bottle, which we plan to roll out this year. We -- it also includes some high end or, call it, top of the category introductions as well.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Perhaps just a follow-up here. In terms of sort of talking about further or giving some guidance on further cost savings, I think it was Peter implied that you might be able to come back with Q1 in terms of the Central Europe-U.K. management merger. Is that realistic, we should expect something then? And I guess, we were thinking more about getting news on the Investor Day in June on such things?
David Dunnewald: Yes, I think Peter mentioned something about our New York Investor Day that we would have more information on our cost savings programs. And that's really when we plan to, as you say, provide a bit more texture around that.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: So not with Q1, it's going to be in June really when we get that?
David Dunnewald: Yes, that's right. The meeting this year is in June. The reason we moved it out is so that we'd have more specifics we can provide you around peak season programming. For example, we had feedback that if we moved it from March to sometime around May or June, we could show more of the peak season advertising and retail promotions and those types of things. So that's why the timing change this year and along with that comes kind of the strategic view, including things like cost reductions.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And just final question for me. Obviously, you're indicating the low tax rate of 20% could last a few more years. And it's a difficult thing for us to analyze. Is there any way you could sort of help us as to what is really helping hold that down a bit longer than perhaps was expected?
David Dunnewald: Yes, actually, we've been expecting it to take us a few years to get to our long-term tax rate. We've been -- that expectation is not new. It's been going -- we've been providing that kind of, call it, texture around the long-term rate for over a year, maybe 1.5 years. So that's not new. What is new is the level of the long-term tax rate, which did move down with the Central Europe acquisition. And then the individual annual tax rates have been lowered because of onetime benefits, certainly in 2012 and as I recall also in 2011, we had some onetime tax benefits that we did not expect to continue. And that's another reason that we were in those specific years below the long-term tax rate.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And I don't know if you're able to define a few years, but it sounds like this is certainly 3 or 4 years, but probably not 10, 15 years.
David Dunnewald: Yes, in my vernacular, a few tends to be 3 to 5. And so yes, we're not talking 10 years here. We're just talking kind of a moderate progression over, as I say, 3 to 5 years. Oh and by the way, that progression -- sorry, just to be sure, to be clear, Ian, the progression to get to the long-term tax rate, we say -- we suggest that, that's gradual. That would be assuming that there are no additional changes in tax laws or other onetime types of events. As we did actually see in the fourth quarter with the change in the Serbian tax rate.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have another question from Ian Shackleton with Nomura.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Well, David, there's nobody else. I've got a few more actually as well. Obviously, the CapEx that you've raised for -- give us guidance for FY '13. Now on my calculation that is still running a reasonable amount ahead of depreciation. I guess, really trying to think a bit further forward, I mean, should we expect it to be moving more towards depreciation then again in a couple of years' time?
David Dunnewald: Yes, the CapEx -- we're not going to provide forward guidance on that. But as you know, broadly speaking, CapEx and depreciation will tend to align over time just by their very nature. The amortization piece may or may not. But anyway, I guess, I won't provide specific guidance. But I guess, you probably understand the philosophical interaction between the two.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Sure. No, just really so it's going to track in the 3 30 really, I mean, obviously we've just bought Central Europe. There's clearly probably some things you're doing as a bit of a one-off. I just want to get a bit of a sense of should we really be using 3 30 as a base going forward, or is it a little bit of a one-off because of that first-time element?
David Dunnewald: Based on some of the capital activity that we had in 2012, specifically the, what we call, master plan in the U.K. where we have some ROI projects in, call it, the brewing footprint there. That's a bit higher than it might normally be. I can't really predict for you or forecast for you what we will need to do in the years ahead. But I would say that those are increasing, for example, the CapEx run rate in the last 12 months. And we're not done with that yet in the U.K. And then in Central Europe, yes, I would say that we do have a bit of extra capital that we need to put in from a systems standpoint in the Central Europe business as well in the near term.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And just another one, on the international side. Peter obviously indicated that we should be expecting the loss to be coming down this year. Just remind me, do you have actually a target for getting to breakeven? Is there a date by which you are targeting that?
David Dunnewald: We're not providing a specific target date. What we are saying is that the business, currently, is in investment mode. And the fourth quarter profit notwithstanding, those businesses are still in investment mode. And at the same time, though, the strategy is to grow the top line faster than the rate of investment because we've been investing extra dollars behind the brands in those markets, relatively little in bricks and mortar. And as we grow the top line faster than the investment rate, then our intent is to bring those businesses to profitability over the medium term. But we'll see what that looks like.
Ian Shackleton - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And just to be clear, medium term is different to near term that we were defining earlier on?
David Dunnewald: Yes. What I don't want to -- when I say medium term, I just mainly don't want you to come away with the impression that it's short term, which generally is considered in a year. And so we're not talking about that sort of time frame.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to our presenters.
David Dunnewald: Okay. Great, thank you, Candace. In closing, I'd like to thank you, all, for your interest in Molson Coors and for joining us today. If you have additional questions that we did not cover during our time this afternoon, please call me on my direct line or at the main number here at Molson Coors, which is (303)927-BEER or 927-2337. Thank you again, and have a great day. And happy Valentine's Day for those of you who celebrate it.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter S. Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gavin Hattersley - Chief Financial Officer David Perkins - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Canada and President of Molson Coors Canada Mark Hunter - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors (UK) and President of Molson Coors (UK)
Analysts: Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Molson Coors Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Chrissy. Hello, and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call, and thank you for joining us today. With me on the call this morning are Gavin Hattersley, Molson Coors' CFO; Dave Perkins, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors Central Europe; Stewart Glendinning, CEO of Molson Coors U.K.; Kandy Anand, CEO of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors' Chief Legal and People Officer; Zahir Ibrahim, Molson Coors' Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors' VP of Investor Relations. On the earnings call today, Gavin and I will take you through highlights of our third quarter results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with our outlook for the fourth quarter. The third quarter was our first full reporting period following our Central European acquisition. The addition of this business provided more than $60 million of pretax earnings accretion on an underlying basis, net of related interest expense. Strong results in the U.S. also contributed to our bottom line growth. As a result, underlying after-tax income increased more than 17% to $249 million, and underlying EPS grew more than 20% to $1.37 per share. Gross margin and underlying operating margin, including our share of MillerCoors, both increased significantly with the addition of the Central Europe business this year. Regionally, the U.S. had another good earnings quarter, up 16%, while the U.K., Canada and our International business reported lower earnings, with the Canada beer market being particularly weak in the third quarter. In local currency, Central Europe underlying earnings increased nearly 16% on a pro forma basis. Negative currency movements, however, meant Central Europe pro forma earnings decreased 2.2% in the third quarter. Central Europe pro forma volume declined 1.5% due to a decrease in consumer demand, particularly in September, but we maintained solid market share in the region. Gavin will provide additional financial highlights in a minute. With respect to our brands, third quarter Coors Light brand sales to retail grew market share in the U.S., the U.K. and in Canada. In Central Europe, we grew share in the majority of our markets, and Staropramen brand grew volume at a low double-digit rate in the region. Our premium craft brands in the U.S. and Canada substantially outperformed the industry to grow market share in the quarter. Miller Lite declined mid-single digits but reduced its trend graph to the overall market versus the first half of the year. The Carling brand grew share in its biggest channel, the on-premise, in a very weak U.K. economy, whilst Coors Light is growing at a strong double-digit rate and is now our second biggest brand in the U.K. Nonetheless, we saw a decline in consumer demand across our businesses in the third quarter, and we expect the fourth quarter to be the most challenging of this year, with difficult profit comparisons in Canada and the U.K. and higher costs in the U.S. and Central Europe. In this challenging macroeconomic climate, we have consistently said that in addition to growing our brands, we would aggressively drive costs out of our business. In the third quarter, our Resources for Growth program delivered $22 million in saving, bringing total program savings to $172 million since 2010. In Canada and the U.K., these cost savings offset cost of goods inflation. Our share of MillerCoors results added another $12 million of cost saving. Consistent with this strategy, in the third quarter, we began a number of new initiatives to standardize and further streamline our company over the next 2 years. As a first step, at the end of this year, we will combine our U.K. and Ireland business with our new Central Europe organization to create a single European business called Molson Coors Europe. This move will allow us to use our go-to-market resources more effectively in the region and promote better sharing of commercial best practices and marketing expertise. With the larger European footprint, we'll be able to negotiate better terms with suppliers, improve processes and integrate systems to increase efficiencies. We will continue to manage the export and license business in Europe, including Staropramen export through Molson Coors International. Along with this restructuring, we are making a few leadership changes. First, I've named Mark Hunter as CEO of our combined Europe business effective January 1. Since taking on the leadership of Molson Coors Central Europe earlier this year, Mark has gained deep insight into the business and earned the trust and confidence of the new team. And it's a major advantage for us that Mark brings so much experience with these markets to his new expanded role. Next, Dave Perkins plans to retire at the end of January. Dave has spent more than 30 years in the beer business and has led operations around the globe, from Asia to Europe to Mexico and beyond. It is fitting that he retires from the top job in Canada after spending so many years successfully building the Molson brands. Finally, I have appointed Stewart Glendinning to replace David as CEO in Canada upon Dave's retirement. Stewart's experience includes a broad range of executive leadership positions, including Global Chief Financial Officer and CEO U.K. and Ireland. And as such, he is perfectly qualified to lead the Canada business. With that as an overview, I'll turn it over to Gavin to give third quarter financial highlights and a perspective on the fourth quarter. Gavin?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Peter, and hello, everybody. In third quarter financial highlights, Molson Coors third quarter underlying earnings increased 17.2% to $248 million -- $248.9 million, while underlying earnings per share increased 20.2% to $1.37 per share. The acquisition of Central Europe drove the increase in underlying EPS, along with the performance of MillerCoors and lower shares outstanding, following our repurchases in the second half of last year. Earnings accretion from Central Europe is made up of $82.6 million of underlying pretax income in the quarter, including the export business that is now part of our International group and partially offset by $22.4 million of acquisition-related interest expense in Corporate. Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors increased nearly 31% due to the addition of Central Europe results. On a pro forma basis, including Central Europe in 2011, worldwide volume decreased 3% for the quarter, driven by lower volume in the U.K., the United States, Canada and Central Europe and partially offset by growth in International. Regionally, MillerCoors contributed a 16% increase in underlying profit, driven by continued strong pricing, favorable brand mix and cost reductions. In Canada, positive pricing and cost reductions were more than offset by the negative impact of lower volume and mix shift towards higher-cost products and packages, increased pension costs and foreign currency movements. The U.K. had a very challenging quarter due to lower volumes, higher input inflation, cycling the prior year reduction in employee incentive expenses, partially offset by cost reductions. Now a note about how we are presenting our results for our new Central Europe business and MillerCoors International. In order to provide the most useful information, we will discuss Central Europe results this year in comparison to pro forma results for the comparable prior year period. As Peter mentioned, beginning this quarter, our International group is managing the export and license business for our Central Europe brands. The discussion of our consolidated financials and our Canada, U.K. and Corporate results will be on the same basis as before the Central Europe acquisition. As we have in previous quarters, I will provide an overview of our results with MillerCoors presented as it were proportionately consolidated. This is a non-GAAP approach, but we believe it provides a useful view of some key performance metrics for our business. On this basis, total company net sales increased 14.2% in the third quarter, driven by the addition of the Central Europe business, along with growth in the U.S. and International. Net sales per hectoliter decreased 11.8% in the quarter due to the addition of Central Europe sales with a lower net sales per hectoliter, which more than offset solid pricing in the U.S., Central Europe and Canada. Cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 13.2% due to the addition of Central Europe, which has a lower cost structure than our other segments. Total company gross margin was 41.4%, 100 basis points higher than a year ago, primarily due to the strong economies of scale and margin structure in Central Europe, coupled with the margin expansion of 140 basis points in the U.S. Marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 12% due to the addition of Central Europe results. Underlying operating margin was 17.3%, up 150 basis points from a year ago due to the addition of Central Europe operating income this year and margin growth in the U.S. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the quarter, including for Central Europe, on a comparable pro forma basis. It is important to note that our third quarter underlying results exclude some special and other noncore gains, losses and expenses that net to a $62.4 million pretax charge. These adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results primarily relate to Central Europe acquisition, financing and integration and the impairment of our China joint venture, and are described in detail in this morning's earnings release. Underlying free cash flow for the first 3 quarters of this year totaled $742 million, nearly reaching our goal of $750 million, plus or minus 10%, for 2012. This $278 million increase over last year was primarily driven by an increase in operating cash flow due to the addition of Central Europe and year-over-year changes in the timing of working capital. Our year-to-date cash generation was made up of the following: $840 million of operating cash flow, which includes $437 million from MillerCoors, plus $148 million of net addbacks for Central Europe acquisition-related costs, along with purchases and sales of businesses and other assets. Investing cash outflows were $143 million of capital spending and $103 million of cash invested in MillerCoors. Although we nearly achieved our full year free cash flow goal in the third quarter, it is important to remember that timing of working capital can have a large effect on quarterly cash generation. And our goal of $750 million, plus or minus 10%, is unchanged. Total debt at the end of the third quarter was $4.7 billion, $200 million lower than the beginning of the quarter. And cash and cash equivalents totaled $586 million, resulting in net debt of $4.1 billion, approximately $300 million lower than 3 months earlier. Looking forward, we are updating our guidance in a few areas. We expect our 2012 MG&A expense in Corporate to be approximately $135 million, with about $40 million of this representing acquisition-related fees and expenses that we exclude from our underlying results. After lowering our 2012 effective tax rate guidance in September to a range of 15% to 19%, we are now also lowering our long-term tax rate guidance to a range of 20% to 24%. This 2-percentage-point reduction in the range is principally due to the Central Europe acquisition. As far as our cost outlook is concerned, in Canada for 2012, we continue to expect our all-in cost of goods sold to increase at a high single-digit rate per hectoliter in local currency due to higher pension costs, mix shifts towards higher-cost brands and packages and the absence of the NAB contract volume in the first half of last year. In the United States, we continue to expect MillerCoors cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a low single-digit rate for the full year 2012. In Central Europe, we now anticipate a mid-single-digit increase in pro forma cost of goods sold per hectoliter this year in local currency, a change driven by increases in both brewing and packaging material costs. In the U.K., we still expect our full year cost of goods sold per hectoliter to grow at a high single-digit rate in local currency, primarily due to input inflation, sales mix, pension costs and expenses related to the U.K. brewery improvement program. Our International business anticipate cost of goods sold per hectoliter to decrease at a low single-digit rate for the full year due to the addition of the Central Europe export business, along with geographic mix changes. In other outlook, at current rates, we do not expect foreign exchange to have a significant impact on consolidated fourth quarter financial results. Nonetheless, as Peter mentioned, we expect the fourth quarter to be the most challenging overall this year, with difficult profit and volume comparisons in Canada and the U.K., along with increased input costs in Central Europe and significantly higher marketing and business transformation costs in the United States. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for regional outlook, wrap-up and the Q&A. Peter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Gavin. In Canada, we launched Rickard's Cardigan and Oakhouse, our first seasonal brands in the Rickard's family. We continue to realize strong pricing gains but remain focused on managing the right balance of price and volume. Our recent fourth quarter volume trends reflect continued industry weakness, as well as the impact of the National Hockey League lockout, which has limited our opportunity to activate Molson Canadian and Coors Light at retail. Also, in the fourth quarter, we are cycling the 53rd week in our fiscal 2011, which last year provided approximately $12 million of additional pretax income in Canada. We are also cycling approximately $10 million of adjustments last year that we do not expect to repeat this year. And finally, we anticipate about $5 million of additional pension and other retirement expenses in the fourth quarter, which is consistent with each of the first 3 quarters this year. In the U.S., we expect fourth quarter results to be affected significantly by incremental spending for marketing and business transformation, as well as the impact of a planned reduction in distributor inventories by year end. Specifically, we expect to see high single-digit increase in MillerCoors' marketing, general and administrative costs, driven by brand investments in the range of $20 million higher than last year, along with a substantial increase in business transformation spending, which is designed to transform the way the U.S. team works to improving core capabilities, simplifying business processes and building information systems. On a year-to-date basis, U.S. sales to wholesalers have significantly outpaced sales to retailers, resulting in higher distributor inventory levels at the end of September versus prior year. However, given MillerCoors' plan to shift to consumption for the full year, we expect distributor inventory levels to revert to 2011 levels by year's end. In Central Europe, our third quarter results were impacted by weak economic conditions. However, we grew share in the majority of our markets in the region. Our innovations continued to take share and support margin growth. We plan to accelerate further introductions to additional countries in the near term. Because the business put forward its investments behind innovations and marketing efforts ahead of the peak season this year, our results in the third quarter benefited from lower marketing and innovation spending versus a year ago. We expect this benefit to continue in the fourth quarter. Additionally, following expansion last year, Staropramen is growing strongly across all of the Central Europe markets in which we operate. In the U.K., we are capitalizing on the success of Carling Zest citrus by introducing a winter version with a hint of spiced orange. Also, our brewery network investment continues, with building work started in preparation for the arrival of a new state-of-the-art bottling line in Burton in the first quarter of 2013. In the fourth quarter, we face particularly challenging STR and underlying profit comparisons, which increased 16% and 29%, respectively, in the U.K. a year ago. Our International business continues to drive top line growth through our key global brands. And the addition to Staropramen to our portfolio enhances our growth opportunities. We now expect the 2012 investment in our International business to be moderately lower than last year on an underlying basis, including the benefit of 6 months of Central Europe export earnings. Finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the fourth quarter. In Canada, our sales-to-retail in the first 4 weeks of the quarter declined at a high single-digit rate versus 2011, primarily related to continued industry declines, along with the NHL lockout. In the U.S., for the 4 weeks ended October 27, STRs were flat versus a year ago. In Central Europe, our sales volume decreased at a low single-digit rate in the first month of the quarter. In the first 4 weeks of the quarter, our U.K. STRs decreased at a low double-digit rate, driven by challenging comparisons in the off-premise channel. And in the first 4 weeks, our International STRs decreased at a double-digit rate, excluding the addition of Central Europe export, driven by the year-on-year timing differences and the deconsolidation of the China joint venture. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter, and trends could change in the weeks ahead. To summarize our discussion today, in the first full quarter of owning our Central Europe business, the addition of these results, net of financing costs, drove strong earnings growth. We continue to expect that the acquisition will strengthen our company, enhance our growth profile and increase shareholder value. In the third quarter, we grew total company underlying free cash flow, operating profit, after-tax income and earnings per share, all at double-digit rates. Looking forward, we anticipate significant volume and earnings headwinds in the fourth quarter. Recognizing these challenges in our businesses, we began a number of new initiatives in the third quarter to standardize and further streamline our company over the next 2 years. Combining the U.K. and Ireland business with our new Central Europe organization to create a single Molson Coors Europe business is the start of that process. All of these steps are designed to improve efficiency and effectiveness across our company and drive profit cash and value for our shareholders. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. That call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. So at this point, Chrissy, we would like to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The first question is just really trying to understand better what's going on in Canada, both from an industry perspective and from your market share perspective, so just some color around the industry-wide softness that you're seeing. And then your volume softness, how much is that industry-wide-driven as opposed to maybe competitive environment getting worse, especially for some of the value brands?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, okay, Judy, thanks. I'll pass that on to Dave. There are a number of moving parts, and so I think it's better if Dave gives you the detail on that. Dave?
David Perkins: ... and in Molson volume for quarter 3. Nonetheless, we did see underlying softness in the industry. Hand in hand with that, we saw a pretty competitive pricing environment, so more beer being sold on promotion across the country. And the other thing that we saw that was very significant for us was a strong shift to cans that has been unfolding through the year. And just to give you a sense of the significance, in a market like Québec, where it was most pronounced, we saw cans increase about 30%, so very significant shift. Within that context, we maintained positive pricing. I think you've seen in our NSR per hec numbers that we've led the industry there. So I'm pleased on the pricing front. We lost about 1 share point. We estimate 1/2 of that share loss is related to can shortages that we ran through the quarter. And so we had difficulty meeting that unexpectedly large shift to cans. We're at very high capacity utilization, our first season of ramping up our major new can line in Montreal. And so we did run some reasonably extensive shortages of product. So that would account for about 1/2 the share loss, as I said. The remainder of the share loss is really what I've talked about in prior quarters, you've seen it in recent quarters, and it's the segment shifting that we continue to experience. So we're very well developed in the mainstream. We are less well developed in above-premium, but we're growing our share there, and that's really a focus for us. And then we're quite underdeveloped in value where we see growth. And through Keystone and the use of regional brands, we continue to attempt to strengthen our position there. And so the segment shifting is really the key factor in the underlying longer-term trend that you're seeing, and in this quarter, as I say, amplified by a can shortage. Just to give you a sense on the regional front, we did moderate our share decline in the West. We were more price competitive in the quarter. And we saw a response to that, that gives us confidence as we continue to play with the price and volume balance, that we do have responsiveness in our portfolio. Unfortunately, the gains we made in the West were more than offset by lost sales in the East with the can shortage.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And Dave, is it...
David Perkins: Is that helpful?
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. But the can shortage situation, is that pretty much done, and now you're back into meeting demands on the can side?
David Perkins: Yes, that is behind us. And as we look to next year, with the can line in year 2 and with advanced planning, we're confident in our ability to meet what seems to be a pretty strong trend in the market. As far as October is concerned, just to give you a sense there in what we're seeing, I mean, there's probably 2 key factors. We are cycling the strongest quarter from an industry perspective that we saw last year. So the industry, even taking out the 53rd-week effect, was up 1.8%. So it was a strong result, and that was behind very good weather that we're not benefiting from this year. And the NHL lockout is a major -- NHL is a major property for us. Hockey generates a lot of beer occasions in Canada, whether it's in bars, in home or in the venues. And it's a really important part of how we activate behind our power brands, Coors Light and Canadian. So we're obviously working to replace the hockey programming, but hockey would be the premier property. And on top, we lose the direct volume in the hockey venues that are ours.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just secondly, in Central Europe, just again, sort of the demand falloff that you saw in September because you talked about July being up high-single digits, so clearly, the quarter -- the late quarter trends were much weaker than we saw in the -- earlier in the quarter. So can you just give us some sense of what's happening both from a macro perspective as just well as from a competitive perspective? And then sort of in terms of what's happening with the macro being tougher in those markets, how are you thinking about the ability to maybe even extract more cost savings, particularly as you integrate the U.K. business into Central Europe and have a wholly integrated European division?
Peter S. Swinburn: So, Judy, I'll take the second part of that question first, and I'll let Mark address the first part. For the moment, we've put $50 million as a synergy number for Central Europe, and that's the number we're speaking to. As I alluded to in the script, we're starting with the reorganization in Central Europe and the U.K. But obviously, we need to make more cost moves within the business, and that will be something that we can talk about at a later date. So, Mark, you want to talk specifically about consumer demand and market share in Central Europe?
Mark Hunter: Sure. Judy, just to your very specifics, to start at macro level, I think what we saw as we went through the third quarter, really through the second half of August then in September, real kind of slowdown in consumer demand. Now clearly, we're currently investigating what we think is driving that. Probably at the highest level, what we are seeing is the GDP forecasts for, first of all, with the markets that we operate in turning in a negative direction versus the 2011 numbers. And certainly, in Serbia, Croatia, Hungary and Czech, we expect GDP to be actually negative by the end of 2012 on a full year basis. So there's clearly a macro sluggishness from a demand perspective, and that manifested itself in industry volumes. And I'll just pick a couple of markets to give you an example. So at the end of August, the Hungarian market was up about 2.5 points in volume; in September, it was down 5 points. Czech market was up just under a couple of points the end of August; and in September, it was down 7.5 points. So clearly, in September, consumers tightened their belt. Now clearly, to your second question, what does that mean competitively, well, those pressures are felt by us and all of our competitors. The good news is that in 5 of our 7 markets, we actually grew share, and in our biggest markets, we continued to grow our business, which was good news, and grow our pricing. And obviously, that manifested itself in a double-digit increase in our earnings, which is very, very positive. I think the one thing just to call out and flag to you is probably the Romanian market. So if you look at industry volume in Central Europe through the third quarter, our handling level looks reasonably -- volume is up about 4%. So 90% of that growth came in Romania. And it came in Romania in a very, very low margin segment, the value segment. And I think one of our competitors had already flagged the fact that they saw very, very high growth, but it had actually been margin dilutive on a Pan-European basis. We choose not to compete there, so we actually gave up some share in Romania as one of the 2 markets where we gave up some share. If you strip out Romania, industry was up by less than 1%. If you strip out Romania in our business, our volume was actually up by about 3%. So excluding the Romanian market, where there is that volatility in the value segment, I feel very, very pleased with our performance, as I say, strong earnings growth and share growth in 5 of the 7 markets. And we continue to manage our costs very effectively, both from an investment perspective and a G&A perspective. So I think the business is feeling very solid and competitively performing very strongly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian from Morgan Stanley.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So, Peter, given some of the volume struggles around the world really across your geographies, as well as market share issues and the difficult macro environment you cited, do you think you need to boost marketing spending going forward to drive a volume pickup in 2013? And also, how do you protect profit in that difficult environment? I'd love some clarity just on kind of prioritizing volume growth versus profit in your key markets at this point given the environment.
Peter S. Swinburn: Sure. Thanks very much. Well, as we flagged in the earnings, we're actually increasing our G&A marketing spend in the U.S. by a figure of around about $20 million. So the short answer is yes, we're taking some action. We did increase our marketing spend this year, which we flagged at the beginning of the year. In terms of how we're addressing it, I think Dave alluded to the fact -- and I think Tom did in the U.S. earnings call this morning, that most of our portfolios are skewed towards mainstream premium. And we suffer from not having enough exposure to above-premium. And what you'll see is both from -- in all of our innovation activity that we've undertaken over the last couple of years and going forward, we're very much skewed towards premiumizing the portfolio. And so we're looking to mix as being a big driver for us over a 2- to 3-year period. So if you look at some -- again, U.S. was talked about this morning, but if you looked at what we did in the U.K. this year with Carling Zest, that was very much a premium play. The Coors Light Iced T was a premium play. Aluminum Pints, it's selling at an index of 1 10 to 1 20 was a premium play, and so on. And so really, that's the way that we're dealing with it.
Dara W. Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And when do you think you'll give us more clarity on the potential level of cost savings from the combination of the U.K. and Ireland business with Central Europe? And also, just can you give us a sense of the overall cost-cutting potential or productivity potential at your company as we look going forward versus recent trend, and if at some point you'll outline new longer-term cost savings goals across the company?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, we'll be in a position to give you much more detail, I would suspect, when we have our analyst call next year in New York, and so we can be much more definitive then. In terms of the overall approach, I mean, we've consistently said that we see cost saving as something that's an ongoing task within the business. We believe there is more cost to take out of the business, and we're actively seeking to do that at the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Gavin, on the cost of sales per hectoliter, I wonder if you could speak directionally as you look beyond the fourth quarter, whether it's fair to characterize the whole of Molson Coors as being in a less inflationary environment next year than you've been this year, and perhaps even remark whether a given region -- how a given region might compare to that overall performance.
Gavin Hattersley: Mark, sorry, I can't help you at this point in time. What we normally do is we give our cost of goods sold guidance for the year during our fourth quarter earnings call. So we'll be doing that for you in February of next year.
Mark D. Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then probably a little bit more, Gavin or Peter or Mark, on the consolidation of Europe. Can you walk us through a little bit about how you're thinking has unfolded since you announced the StarBev transaction, how much the performance in September and October has motivated this decision to consolidate, and how much of this was other factors and part of the game plan when you announced the transaction?
Peter S. Swinburn: Sure, Mark, I'll take that. Short answer, no, it was not motivated or driven by anything that happened in September or October. We always planned to look at this and probably do it. It's pretty standard for most businesses to have a European platform, which -- the honest truth is we expected integration to be slower and take longer than we expected. We are -- really, this is a good news story because the integration has gone much more smoothly and has bedded in much more quickly than we expected. So we just feel we're in a position to be able to make this call earlier than we would've otherwise done, simple as that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I've got 2 questions. One, just in Central Europe on the cost of goods per hectoliter or the input costs, is there anything different about that market that would cause -- I guess, what I'm trying to drive at is whether or not you're -- there is some difference in the way that you buy raw materials there, you're not hedged out as far -- where it would've -- where you would've seen an increase relative to what you were thinking back in July? Or was it just simply the type of raw materials or the type of costs that increased are the type that you can't hedge? Just try to make me understand whether there's something different about that market in terms of the way you buy raw materials than your other markets.
Peter S. Swinburn: Sure, I understand. Bryan, I think the best thing is I'll let Mark talk to the specific of what's driven the difference between our Q2 guidance and Q3 guidance. It's very simple and straightforward. I'll let Mark do that, and then maybe Gavin might want to come back in terms of hedging and what have you. So, Mark?
Mark Hunter: Yes. So in headline terms, I wouldn't point to anything that's materially different between how we buy in Central Europe versus other parts of our market. Relative to the guidance we gave in Q2, the only thing that is different has been really the issue with grain harvests across Europe cost, particularly in Romania and Serbia. And that's having an impact on costs as we move into Q4. Everything else is very much in line with the guidance that we offered.
Gavin Hattersley: And from a hedging point of view, Bryan, as you know, we've got a very comprehensive hedging program in the U.S., and we've got a solid and comprehensive growth hedging program in our other businesses. And our supply chain group is working to get Central Europe embedded in those programs. So I would say they're not quite at the same level from a hedging perspective as the rest of our businesses are, and we're getting there quite quickly.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then, Peter, just as a follow-up to Dara's question earlier, I'd just go back to the Investor Day in March. I mean, the message that we took away -- one of the messages we took away was that they're trying to rebalance -- you're trying to rebalance the model so that we get to a point where we're seeing more of the profit growth driven by sales growth as opposed to being overly dependent on cost saves and that's sort of the motivation to increase the new product innovation, part of the motivation to get into the StarBev markets. And clearly, right now, we're not seeing the top line growth for a number of reasons. But just, I guess, as I listen to a new or some incremental cost savings potentially over the next 2 years, I just want to make sure that we're -- I'm clear that what's happening isn't that we're sort of losing faith in the ability to drive the top line and thus are going to focus more on cost savings, or as much as this is just something that you weren't ready to talk about in March, and it's still an imperative to drive the top line to sustainably drive the bottom line. I hope that's clear.
Peter S. Swinburn: No, it's very clear, Bryan, and it's a great point, and you've got it spot on. We -- in no way are we abandoning the top line. I mean, the business really has to show top line growth. It's a journey, though, so as I said earlier, a lot of what we're trying to do is to get the above-premium part of our overall portfolio moving in the right direction. We have undoubtedly suffered from a lack of consumer demand in a number of our markets in this quarter. But the cost-saving piece is just the other part of the triangle. We've consistently said that we will continue to look at cost savings and continue to drive down costs in the business. So really, it's not an either/or, it's very much doing both of them.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Brett Cooper from Consumer Edge Research.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: A quick question on Canada. With pricing for you guys up 3, I think your competitor was up 1.25, volumes were down, I guess if we back out Canada, we're down 3% in the quarter. So I mean, how sustainable is, I guess, the better pricing that we're seeing from others in the market, and how should we think about that going forward? And then a second question is on Coors Light Iced T. Obviously, you guys made a big deal about that. At the Analyst Day, can you just give us an update, I don't know, if it's -- what it's contributing to your business in terms of growth or consumer demand on that side?
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Brett.
David Perkins: Yes, sure. On the pricing front, we have outpaced the competition, there's no question. It wouldn't have made sense to do anything differently given the shortages we were running. Our net pricing would have been about 2%, and then the balance was through mix. So we do have a meaningful premiumization effect in our business, and I think that is sustainable. Coors Light is a really good example of that. I mean, Coors Light has come out the end of the summer in line with our expectations. It was profitable in year 1 for us despite a fairly aggressive investment behind it. And it appears to have had a halo effect on the mother brand because Coors Light itself has performed better than it has in recent years even. So we're quite happy with what we've seen overall there. And I think it is indicative of what we're able to do through premiumization. Look, how that plays out in terms of the price volume mix and the competitive dynamic, we watch that from day to day, but what's happened in this quarter was the right thing to have happen. Does that answer both your questions adequately?
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: It does. If I could just have one follow-up, so without the NHL -- I'm just trying to think about how we model this in the fourth quarter -- there's certainly going -- clearly going to be a volume impact on it. Is there less marketing dollars going in because of, I guess, the loss of the ability to activate against NHL?
David Perkins: Well, I wouldn't give guidance on what we're doing in Q4 on marketing spend. What I'd say is we are looking for and are working behind substitute programming to ensure that we remain competitive in the quarter. But as I said earlier, there is no doubt that this property is quite unique in its impact both on industry volume and on our share. And so to think that we can actually replace it in the short term, I think, is unrealistic.
Operator: Your next question -- sorry, since that person got out of queue, there are no further questions in queue at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenters.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Chrissy. Thank you for everybody for joining us today and for your interest in the business, and we look forward to speaking to you again at the fourth quarter earnings call. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter S. Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gavin Hattersley - Chief Financial Officer Mark Hunter - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors (UK) and President of Molson Coors (UK) David Dunnewald - Vice President of Global Investor Relations Krishnan Anand - President of Molson Coors International
Analysts: Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James C. Watson - HSBC, Research Division Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Martina, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2012 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company policy is today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website at www.molsoncoors.com and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Martina. Hello, and welcome, everybody to the Molson Coors Earnings Call, and thanks for joining us today. So with me on the call this morning are Gavin Hattersley, Molson Coors CFO; Dave Perkins, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors Central Europe; Stewart Glendinning, CEO of Molson Coors U.K.; Kandy Anand, CEO of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors Chief Legal and People Officer; Zahir Ibrahim, Molson Coors Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors VP of Investor Relations. On the earnings call today, Gavin and I will take you through highlights of our second quarter results for Molson Coors Brewing Company along with additional perspective regarding our acquisition of the StarBev business and our outlook for the balance of the year. During the quarter, we financed and closed the acquisition of StarBev, which we now call Molson Coors Central Europe. In order to provide a comparable basis for underlying -- for understanding our new Central Europe business this morning, we provided historical U.S. GAAP results for Central Europe on a pro forma basis as if we had owned the operations since the beginning of 2011. In summary, we believe the EBITDA margins for this business are sustainable, synergies will be delivered and capital spend will be at the lower end of our original expectation. Here are some of the financial details. We completed the acquisition on June 15 with a final purchase price of EUR 2.7 billion, the equivalent of USD 3.4 billion. In pro forma U.S. GAAP, the purchase price represents a multiple of 10.8x 2011 underlying EBITDA. This is a reasonable multiple for a business with a good long-term growth profile and we expect it will be earnings-accretive in the first full year. Poor February weather and local FX impacted first half results, but the business delivered strong market share growth and recent performance is in line with our expectations. For 2011, Central Europe pro forma results under U.S. GAAP included net sales of $940 million, an underlying pretax income of $182 million, the underlying EBITDA of $317 million. Gross margins as a percent of net sales was 44.2%, underlying EBITDA margin was 33.8% and underlying operating margin was 19.3%. These results confirm that the business has a solid margin structure on which to grow. We financed the acquisition with $2.8 billion of new debt at very low interest rates along with more than $600 million cash in hand. We are taking immediate steps to capture $50 million in annualized pretax operational synergies by 2015, and we expect the purchase of our new Central Europe business to drive positive returns for shareholders towards the early part of the 3- to 5-year range that we used to evaluate significant investments. In terms of what Central Europe brings operationally to Molson Coors, this business sold 13.3 million hectoliters of beer last year and has the #1 brand in more than half of its markets with strong positions in the rest. On a pro forma basis, for 2011, Central Europe makes up 22.7% of our worldwide volume, 12.3% of net sales including MillerCoors and 16.2% of underlying operating profit. We now own the worldwide brand rights to Staropramen which is growing strongly in many of the 30 countries where it is sold. In a number of markets, we have licensing or distribution agreements with third parties for Staropramen and other brands and we expect these to continue under the same conditions as prior to the transaction. We also see opportunity to increase our Central Europe market share through branding and packaging innovations, including introducing Molson Coors brands like Carling. In summary, our first couple of months with this business confirm that this acquisition fits squarely into our strategy to increase our portfolio of premium brands and deepen our reach into growth markets around the world. The Central European market is attractive with strong historical trends and upside potential. Our Central Europe business is a market leader in the region and this acquisition provides Molson Coors with a great platform for growth. Shifting gears now to our second quarter financial results for Molson Coors. Underlying after-tax income for the second quarter 2012 increased 8% to $250 million, driven by positive performance in our U.S. business and the inclusion of 2 weeks of Central Europe results in 2012. Underlying earnings per share increased 12.2% to $1.38, which includes the benefits of 2 weeks of Central Europe results and fewer shares outstanding this year. Gross margin including MillerCoors declined from a year ago while underlying operating margin increased. Regionally, the U.S. had a good quarter, but the U.K. and International businesses reported lower underlying earnings. In Canada, we grew earnings in local currency, but this was offset by negative foreign exchange in our reported U.S. dollar results. Central Europe pro forma pretax earnings declined in the second quarter, but outperformed the industry. Based on the macroeconomic environment in Europe, we see some industry-related risk to our near-term performance, but we have encountered no negative surprises in the business and current performance is in line with our expectations. Gavin will provide additional financial highlights in a minute. In brands, second quarter Coors Light sales to retail grew 4% with solid volume and market share growth in all of our regions. Most of Canadian trademark STRs in Canada grew in the quarter. Miller Lite declined low single digits while showing incremental trend improvement versus the first quarter. The Carling brand declined in a weak U.K. economy that also suffered its wettest April to June period on record. Our Central Europe brands grew 1.4% on a pro forma basis. In innovation, the launch of Coors Light Iced T in Canada has delivered strong consumer awareness and trial and is performing in line with our expectations. In the U.S., the Coors Light Aluminum Pint and Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy are consistently exceeding expectations. In a depressed U.K. beer market, the launch of Carling Zest has exceeded our expectations with this new brand picking up listings in most of the major grocery chains. With that as an overview, I'll turn it over to Gavin to give second quarter financial highlights and a perspective on the second half of 2012. Gavin?
Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Peter, and hello, everybody. In second quarter financial highlights, Molson Coors second quarter underlying earnings increased 8% to $250.1 billion while earnings per share increased 12.2% to $1.38 per share. The addition of Central Europe results drove approximately 40% of the increase in underlying earnings per share. The Central Europe impact is made up of $19.7 million of underlying pretax income in the last 2 weeks of the quarter, partially offset by $5 million of acquisition-related interest expense in corporate. Regionally, MillerCoors has contributed a positive underlying profit performance in the quarter with a 7.2% increase, driven by continued solid pricing and cost reductions. In Canada, positive volume, pricing and cost reductions are offset by negative foreign currency in the quarter. The U.K. had a challenging quarter due to lower volumes, increased marketing and pension expense. Now, a note about how we are presenting our results following the Central Europe acquisition. In order to provide the most useful information, our discussion regarding Central Europe will center on pro forma results for both this year and the comparable prior year period. A discussion of consolidated, Canada, U.K., International and corporate results will be on the same basis as before StarBev. So on a pro forma basis, Central Europe underlying pretax income in the second quarter declined 37% driven by unfavorable foreign currency, channel and geographic mix along with higher input costs and brand investments. Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors increased 6.4% due to the addition of 2 weeks of Central Europe results. Excluding Central Europe, worldwide volume decreased 1% driven by lower volume in the U.K. and U.S., partially offset by growth in International and Canada. As we did last quarter, I will provide an overview of our results with MillerCoors presented as if it were proportionally consolidated. This is a non-GAAP approach but we believe it provides a useful view of some key performance metrics for our business. On this basis, total company net sales increased 5.7% in the second quarter driven by the U.S., Canada and International. Net sales per hectoliter decreased 0.8% in the quarter due to the addition of 2 weeks of Central Europe sales at a lower NSR per hectoliter, which more than offset solid pricing in the U.S. and Canada and the addition of NAB contract brewing revenue in Canada. Cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 0.4% due to input cost inflation, higher pension expense and the addition of contract brewing volume in Canada. Total company gross margin was 41.5%, 70 basis points lower than a year ago primarily due to the U.K. and International performance. Marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 8.2% due to the addition of 2 weeks of Central Europe results including acquisition-related costs, higher pension expense, increased brand investments in Canada and International and cycling lower employee incentive costs in Canada last year. Underlying operating margin was 17.2%, up from 16.9% a year ago due to margin growth in the U.S. and the addition of 2 weeks of Central Europe operating income this year. Please see the earnings release we distributed earlier in the morning for a detailed review of a our business unit financial results in the quarter including for Central Europe on a comparable pro forma basis. It's important to note that our second quarter underlying results excludes some special and other noncore gains, losses and expenses that net to $178.9 million pretax charge. These adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results primarily relate to the Central Europe acquisition and financing and are described in detail in this morning's earnings release. In the second quarter of 2012, our Resources for Growth cost reduction program delivered $14 million in savings and a total of $150 million in savings since the program began over 2 years ago. As a result, we have achieved our 3-year RFG2 program target of $150 million 6 months early. MillerCoors achieved cost savings of $32 million in the quarter and we benefit from 42% of those cost savings. Underlying free cash flow for the first half of this year was $335 million. This $213 million increase over last year was primarily driven by year-over-year change in the timing of working capital. Our first half cash generation was made up of the following: $397 million of operating cash flow, which includes $305 million from MillerCoors plus $125 million of net add-backs for acquisition-related costs, purchases and sales of businesses and other assets. Cash outflows were $81 million of capital spending and $106 million of cash invested in MillerCoors. Regarding cash uses, we did not repurchase shares during the second quarter. And as we mentioned when we announced our Central Europe acquisition in April, we do not expect further repurchases until our debt ratios are closer to pre-acquisition levels. Total debt at the end of the second quarter was $4.9 billion and cash and cash equivalents totaled $516 million, resulting in net debt of $4.4 billion. Looking forward, we are updating our 2012 guidance in a number of areas principally because of the Central Europe acquisition. We now expect our 2012 MG&A expense in corporate to be approximately $135 million. This guidance includes about $35 million of acquisition-related fees and expenses, which we estimate will be less than $5 million in the second half of this year. We now expect full year 2012 underlying corporate interest expense to be approximately $115 million based on current foreign exchange rates and excluding underlying adjustments. The new debt used to help fund the Central Europe acquisition currently carries a weighted average interest rate of about 3%. Our 2012 capital spending outlook is approximately $240 million for the full year. This $40 million increase from previous guidance is driven by second half capital spending in Central Europe. Note that this capital spending guidance excludes MillerCoors' capital expenditure. We currently expect annual capital spending in Central Europe to be in the range of EUR 80 million to EUR 90 million for the next 2 years and moderately lower after that. Over the medium term, we will be focusing on reducing our leverage. However, we remain committed to our existing capital allocation strategy and maintaining a strong dividend for our shareholders. As far as our cost outlook is concerned, in Canada, for 2012, we are now expecting our all-in cost of goods sold to increase in the high single-digit rate per hectoliter in the local currency, up from mid-single digits on our last earnings call. This increase in forecast is driven by a mix shift towards higher-cost packages and products including Strongbow and Newcastle. In the U.S., we continue to expect MillerCoors cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a low single-digit rate for the full year of 2012. In Central Europe, we anticipate a low single-digit increase in pro forma cost of goods sold per hectoliter this year in local currency, driven by agricultural commodities, utilities and fuel inflation. In the U.K., we now expect our full year cost of goods sold per hectoliter to grow at a high single-digit rate in local currency, driven by input inflation, sales mix, pension costs and onetime expenses related to the U.K. brewery improvement this year. We expect additional pension expense this year of about $15 million in Canada and $10 million in the U.K. For the balance of the year, we are investing incrementally in our brands and innovation to drive growth in the years ahead. Marketing investments are planned to be higher in Canada, U.K. and International. MillerCoors also plans incremental investments in the U.S. for the balance of the year. In Central Europe, after a double-digit increase in marketing and sales spending behind our innovation agenda in the first half, we plan more moderate local currency increases in the second part of this year. In other outlook. At current levels, we expect foreign exchange to have a negative impact on second half 2012 profit of approximately $3 million in Canada, entirely driven by the third quarter and approximately $25 million in Central Europe on a pro forma basis, primarily driven by the third quarter. Also in Canada, in the third quarter, we expect a reversal of the second quarter volume benefit from the timing of the Canada Day holiday. In the fourth quarter, we will cycle the 53rd week in our fiscal 2011 year, which provided approximately $12 million of additional pretax income in Canada last year. And in the U.K., in the third quarter, we will be cycling a reduction in employee incentive compensation expense last year. This will have a negative impact in our results in the third quarter of about $6 million. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for regional outlook, wrap-up and the Q&A. Peter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Gavin. So in Canada, we continue to roll out our Coors Light Iced T and have launched Aluminum Pints for Coors Light and Molson Canadian. We also acquired the license for Newcastle Brown Ale and the Strongbow Cider in Canada and managed the pricing volume mix in the west to better balance our market share performance. In the U.S., we have strong marketing and sales programming behind our key brands this year in peak season especially for Miller Lite, Coors Light and Miller64. We are also introducing or testing a range of new brands and we continue to leverage a full slate of innovative packaging including the Miller Lite punch top can to help build on existing brands. In Central Europe, our results were impacted by a negative foreign exchange and upfront investment behind innovations and marketing efforts ahead of the peak season this year from which we expect strong returns in the second half. These innovations include lemon and grapefruit extensions of some of our leading brands. These line extensions and new packages have been growing strongly this summer and are pulling volume from inside the beer category and from other types of beverages. Additionally, following expansion last year, Staropramen is growing strongly in Central Europe and in our export markets. As a result, we are optimistic that our Central Europe trends in local currency will improve in the second half. In the U.K., we plan to invest in marketing and in our Sharp's Brewery to increase capacity in order to support the strong growth of Doom Bar, which has been the fastest-growing cask ale in the U.K. for the past 3 years. The 2012 investment in our International business will be moderately higher than last year. Finally, the following are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the third quarter. In Canada, our sales-to-retail for the first 4 weeks of the quarter declined at a mid-single-digit range versus 2011 and this was related to the year-over-year shift of the Canada Day holiday. In the U.S., for the 4 weeks ended July 28, STRs were in line with the prior year. In Central Europe, our sales volumes increased to the high single-digit range for the first month of the quarter. And in on the first 4 weeks of the quarter, our U.K. STRs decreased at a mid-single-digit rate. In the first 4 weeks, our International STRs have increased at a low double-digit rate. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. So to summarize our discussions today. We've completed an important acquisition that we expect to strengthen our company, enhance our growth profile and increase shareholder value in a relatively short time frame. Increased net sales and NSR per hectoliter on an apples-to-apples basis on solid pricing and we sustained moderate gross margin compression, which we are addressing. We also continue to invest in our key brands and innovation across the business, and most important, on an underlying basis, we grew operating margins, earning per share and free cash flow in the quarter. The markets in which we operate remain tough, but we are taking and will continue to take aggressive steps to drive long-term value for our shareholders. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. And also as usual at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. That call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. So at this point, Martina, we would like to open it up to -- for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So first, just on the Central Europe because obviously it's the first time we're seeing the pro forma results here. So if I just look at the profit weakness in 2Q, it sounds like the -- it really came a lot from the COGS inflation being much higher. So can you just walk us through in terms of what the -- how much of that was kind of industry-wide issue? And based on your comment, it sounds like you're expecting the COGS per hectoliter to improve in the back half? Why are you expecting that to happen? And then some of the negative geographic and channel mix that you've talked about in 2Q, if you can just go through that in a little bit more detail?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, I'll let Mark take you through the detail, Judy. But I think, really, as far as our perspective on the business that we've acquired and what we've seen of it, everything that's happened is either due to strategic business decisions which we support, which will be -- which will give us a good solid foundation for the second half of the year and/or just stuff that's happened in the market regarding weather, which is being quite difficult but that was in the first quarter. So Mark, do you want to take us through a bit more detail?
Mark Hunter: Sure. Really -- let me give you a little bit of context then talk about the specific on COGS. So I think what we've seen in the business has been very impressive and very much in line with our expectations around the quality of the people, the brands, the focus and execution and the discipline and leanness of the business. And certainly, in the first half of the year, following a very, very soft February driven by very poor weather across Central Europe, the business decision to invest aggressively ahead of the peak selling season, so we've seen a significant increase in sales and marketing investment, significant increase in innovation and we've invested more heavily in customer relationships and customer trading and that certainly helped drive momentum in the business. As you heard Peter and Gavin mentioned, we've seen a high single-digit volume growth through July and that's, as you know, our peak selling season so I think those decisions have been well placed. As we've got to the end of the first half, volume run ahead of the market. Our market share is up. Our pricing is up. So for the first half, pricing is up by about 5% and that's more than compensating for any mix or discount activity in the marketplace. And then to your final point, COGS clearly have moved along kind of a high single-digit level in the first half. And to be fair, none of that is MCCE-specific. Most of it is industry-wide challenges around input cost inflation on things like malt, energy and fuel. So I don't think we're not seeing anything unusual in our COGS numbers. As we look to this -- towards the second half, we will be lapping some one-off costs associated with packaging changes and bottle changes in the second half of last year and that will have a dampening effect on COGS as we move through the second half of the year. So that's why we're confident that a high single-digit number will certainly come back through the second half of the year.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just following up on that, Mark. Maybe can you give us some comfort around why you think that, that sort of the strategic investment step-up that you saw in 2Q was really just a one quarter situation that we're not going to continue to see sort of higher investment needed to drive better sales growth going forward? And then, it sounds like your comment about the business or the acquisition being accretive in the first year. So if you can just help us maybe quantify how much accretion you're assuming for 2013? And what are some of the assumptions that you have in your forecast to kind of get to that accretion number?
Mark Hunter: Well, I can certainly pick up the first part of the question and I'll ask Gavin or Peter to pick up the second part. With regard to the investments in the business, I mean, the industry in Central Europe in the first quarter was down over 3% in volume terms. And I think the leadership team here took a decision, which was do we either start trimming back on investment to deal with that volume softness or do we pool some of our investment from the second half towards the first half. That's a decision that was made and I believe it to be the right decision. So it's been very much a change in phasing of investment from second half to first half across sales and marketing and innovation and that's starting to pay dividends, a lot of the volume trends improvement that was seen through July. I think we said at the time of acquisition, we do see opportunities over the medium term to move the sales and marketing investment up, but what we've done is very much in the context of ensuring that the bottom line of our P&L moves in the right direction. So there are clearly opportunities on a market-by-market basis to further strengthen our position and we'll be taking those, but we will do that in the normal course of business. So I think you can look on the sales and marketing investment this year very much as a re-phasing of that spend for the right reasons. With regard to the accretion, Gavin or Peter, do you want to pick that up?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, that's fine. Thanks, Mark. Look, Judy, we're not going to give earnings per share guidance or accretion numbers. What we have given you is our pro forma numbers and we've tried to give you some flavor around what's impacting those pro forma numbers going back and going forward. So that's as far as we can go on that question, Judy.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my last question, just on Canada. So you had a pretty big step-up in terms of marketing spending in the quarter. It sounds like the share is still down a bit kind of on a year-over-year and then I don't know if the industry number has also weakened in the July, but July being down mid-single digits in terms of sales-to-retailer growth for Canada just also seems a little bit weaker. So Dave, maybe you can tell us kind of what you're seeing from a competitive environment and why don't you -- do you think that some of the investment that you're making is actually driving better share performance?
David Dunnewald: Yes. Thanks, Judy. Let me take you through the shape of our share results in Q2. Let me start by brand. First of all, Coors Light trademark was up double digits. We had really strong trial on Iced T and the interesting thing is despite the strong trial, we saw the Coors Light brand, itself, up mid-single digits. So didn't seem to be any cannibalization on the surface there. If anything, there was a bit of a halo for the brand. So really pleased with what we saw in the Coors Light trademark. Obviously, the Iced T is at a premium price, as you know, so it would have had a premiumization effect for us. Canadian was up low-single digits and our above premium brands were strong for us through the quarter. Crafts were up double digits. Our domestic above premium, which would largely be Rickard's was up mid-single digit and the imports were up low single digit. Innovation in total, and remember that the step-up in our marketing investment would come into play here, was between 3 and 3.5 point. And again, with the premiumization effect from Iced T and from the growth of Molson Canadian is 67. What we saw in the quarter was something similar to Q1. Our share challenge was in Western Canada. That's where we lost share. What we did see in the quarter is better trends on our core brands, so Canadian and Coors Light. But we saw worsening trends in the value segment. And I think when you look at the mix of what's happened, that helps you understand why we had a very positive NSR result for the quarter. So where we were feeling the pain was really at the bottom end of the market, and premium and above doing very well for us. In terms of the competitive environment, I'd say very competitive market across the country both in terms of price and innovation. So we saw an awful lot of activity in the market. There was more beer that would have been sold on promotion than in prior quarters. I'd characterize the West as the most active market, but I think there was a step-up in Québec as well that we saw. And despite that, we're really pleased with what we saw on our NSR per hectoliter where we're up about 3.3%. So we're not blindly chasing volume or share. We're making the right decisions, I think, to get the balance between value and volume. Does that help?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala from UBS.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I want to follow up a little bit on the profit declines at StarBev. There was only, I guess, 2 weeks in your reported numbers. It sounds like some of the marketing decisions were tactical decisions, but that's a short period of time for such a big -- what sounds like a big swing in the strategy. So can you help maybe give some context on how big of an impact each one of these things had on the decline in profitability?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, just for clarity, the decline in profitability that we're talking about on a pro forma basis is for the first 6 months, not just for the 2 weeks. We only had the business for 2 weeks. And during that period of time, the business has performed absolutely in line with our expectations. So the main drivers, by far, are the ones that Mark has talked to. There's FX in that. There was very poor weather in February where literally accounts were closed and they couldn't deliver beer, which significantly affected the profits in that particular month. And also the decisions, the strategic decisions, that the team made locally to put money behind the brands in advance of the peak season and that has -- that's really been a, if you like, a movement of funding from the second half of the year into the first half of the year. But over the full year, the marketing expenditure will be much in line with what we expected.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, got it. And if maybe we could talk about Romania a little bit. I believe that's your largest market of all the new countries and it's been a market where the market share over the last couple of years has declined quite a bit. Is the marketing step-up getting allocated to a particular division? And how do you see your share trends progressing in Romania?
Peter S. Swinburn: Well, again, I'll let Mark talk specifically about Romania. It's not our biggest market, either in volume or in profit terms. But Mark, you want to pick it up?
Mark Hunter: Yes. So, I mean, just to be clear, if you look at total industry volume and Romania clearly kind of leads the pack across Central Europe, we have a #3 position there. And my sense is as we conducted a current planning process, that we are growing in confidence with our ability to move that business forward. Now it won't be in 12 months, but I believe over the next 36 months we can, with the strength of our brand portfolio, expect to see an appropriate level of increased marketing spend, a broader commercial spend to be fair on an improvement in both our share trends and our bottom line performance. So if you look back over the last 3 to 5 years, this was a far, far more profitable and a larger market for the Central European business. My view is that we can regain a material proportion of that over the course of the next 3 years, but clearly beyond that, I'm not going to offer any detail at this stage.
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And if I could ask one financial question. You alluded to the focus on paying down debt. What would be your -- the target ratios that you want to hit before it would be appropriate to just begin considering a buyback again?
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kaumil. What we're trying to do -- it's Gavin here, what we're trying to do is get back to our pre-acquisition ratios that we had in place. And as we said at the time of acquisition, we would expect that to be in the next 2 to 3 years' time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: On -- I guess, Mark or Malcolm, it actually sounds like on a local currency basis -- this is also on StarBev, you expect things to actually improve quite a bit here in the second half. You've got pricing that has been positive. You've got volumes accelerating. Sounds like cost of sales per hectoliter decelerating. You said marketing spend is shifting from 2H or has shifted from 2H into 1H. Are you -- I guess, is that a fair understanding and it sounds like it actually translates into an expectation of EBITDA growth, local currency for StarBev in the second half.
Peter S. Swinburn: Mark, I think you picked up all the data points accurately.
Mark Hunter: Yes, I think that's a very fair summary.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And when you said pricing up 5% for StarBev in the first half, was that inclusive of mix -- I think it was local currency, but can you speak to net sales per hectoliter inclusive of mix?
Mark Hunter: Yes, in the second quarter, unit pricing was up 5% and then mix and discount activity that took about 3% of that, so it gave us a net position of about 2% growth in the second quarter. And that's pretty similar for the first half in total.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay, similar. Okay, great. And then finally, if we try to tease out FX in the first half, can you give you us some sense of what EBITDA did in terms of rate of decline or maybe gross profit, some metric. We're trying to tease out the underlying business performance in the first half?
Gavin Hattersley: Mark, this is Gavin here. From a second point of view in Central Europe, about 1/3 of that decline was related to FX, a little over $9 million.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it. And the EBITDA -- and that's at the EBITDA line?
Gavin Hattersley: Yes.
Mark Hunter: And Mark, just to clarify that. That $9 million is at the operating income level. The FX impact on EBITDA is actually more significant than that.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Can you give us some magnitude difference?
Mark Hunter: Yes, so it's probably about $15 million impact at the EBITDA line and about $9 million at the operating income line.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it. And these are -- both those numbers are translation?
Mark Hunter: Yes, that's correct.
David Dunnewald: And Mark, this is Dave Dunnewald. For a clarification or just looking at the relative size of the -- going from operating to EBITDA, if you look at the size of the depreciation and amortization, you'll see the kind of ratio that Mark just alluded to when he gave you those numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a follow-up on Mark's question. In terms of FX, what was the effect on -- well, I guess, first, in terms of the outlook you gave, the $25 million impact in the second half, is that on operating income or on EBITDA?
Peter S. Swinburn: It's on pretax, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Pretax profit?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then, what was the effect in the first quarter?
Peter S. Swinburn: It was pretty flat at a pretax level, Bryan.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then in terms of your outlook for the year, just on FX, there's no -- is that a fixed -- have you done anything to hedge foreign currency at all, or is there a chance that the number would float around with exchange rates?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes. The number that we gave you was based on current exchange rate, Bryan. So if anything happens to the exchange rate going forward, it would obviously impact that outlook.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess when you look at, I think, some of the reaction today to the pro forma, I suspect that there is some -- still some lingering question about kind of the ongoing margins and whether or not they're sustainable. And I think part of it is foreign exchange has had a pretty significant negative effect on the translated number, so I think that's one thing. The second is, and I'd like to get your insight into this, just how much -- is there any purchase accounting or any other accounting adjustments that have been made that would be negatively affecting it? And then finally, just in terms of kind of where we stand today on margins, just what -- why you think that this is a good base and a base to grow off of?
Gavin Hattersley: Maybe I'll take the purchase accounting question quickly, Bryan. The purchase accounting had a very minimal impact on our EBITDA and our EBITDA pretax numbers. In fact, the numbers that were announced at the time of the deal, the numbers that were showing down the pro forma are very similar. There's very little difference between the two.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, and Bryan, as I sort of highlighted in the script, we've had a chance to look at this business. We can see the structure of the business both in terms of the top line, in terms of the pricing and the margins that are being driven out there plus the cost structure and any likely increased costs that we might have in terms of running the business plus the capital structure that we think we're going to need going forward. And really, as I said in the script, we are very confident of the EBITDA margins. Our local currency are sustainable. We also believe that the initial chore that we made on the business in terms of what we thought we'd have to spend in capital was over ragged and so we -- our capital expenditure going forward is less than we expected. And we also expect to drive up the synergies. So we're very confident on all of those 3 points. And on a much broader basis, I have to say we're very pleased with the business that we bought and we're very confident that we'll hit the sort of return rates that we talked about at the very early part of the 3 to 5 years that we've always outlined.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then if I could follow up. It sounds like February had a pretty negative effect on the first quarter. And can you just talk about how volatile or how this business is affected by weather. Is it any more weather-sensitive, I guess, relative to your core businesses or was the weather just so extreme that it had that type of effect?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, the weather was so extreme. The business closed down and even with the rain in the U.K., we never got to that level, so that's -- it's was just a -- I wouldn't say it's a one-off but it was very extreme weather.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one final question. There was a -- in the quarter, you had some write-downs in China. Can you just talk a little bit more about what drove that and if there's anything that we'd anticipate going forward in that regard?
Krishnan Anand: Well, this is Kandy, Bryan. In our International business, as you know, it's been growing strong top line, putting 30% in the quarter, specifically the China. Our performance has been below expectations since the inception of the JV, led with the challenges by joint venture partner. As a result, they did the testing and wrote off the entire goodwill related to the joint venture in this quarter. We have an agreement to buy out the minority interest of our joint venture partner this quarter. However, due to developments, we think closing of that agreement is challenged, and therefore, we are, at this point of time, looking at other alternatives for that investment.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So you're needing a different partner there?
Krishnan Anand: We're looking at all the alternatives at this time, Bryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Watson from HSBC.
James C. Watson - HSBC, Research Division: First question, just wanted to go on StarBev, the kind of marketing that you were pulling forward. I was just curious why -- what you were so confident in, in the first half having kind of just been able to take over this business that you wanted to -- that you wanted to pull forward if there were certain great opportunities that you saw or certain things that you felt were just so obvious, certain brands or things that you wanted to pull that forward as opposed to kind of waiting to own the business a little longer before phasing in the marketing that way?
Peter S. Swinburn: James, we probably need make this a bit clearer. We didn't make those decisions. Those decisions were made by the previous management. So we deflected -- and they're reflected in the pro forma results. As I already point out, we only had the business for a couple of weeks. So we did not make those decisions. They were made previously.
James C. Watson - HSBC, Research Division: And then I'll just go further. In terms of your marketing, do you see any big opportunities when you look at certain brands, certain regions that perhaps having done more due diligence in the last -- since our last conversation that you'd like to talk about?
Peter S. Swinburn: Well, yes. I think that the -- as we said, we've got very strong positions in most of the markets. The team has done a very good job on innovation in terms of line extensions, making new flavors. And a lot of investment that went on in the first half was behind that innovation. And as Mark said, that's really, excuse the term, that's bearing fruit now. The other part of it would be that Staropramen was extended into most of the markets last year and early this year. Investments gone behind that brand and that brand's performing exceptionally well. That's a mixed play because it indexes at around 110, 115 compared to most of our core brands, so that's growing at strong double digits so we're pleased about that. And looking forward, we're currently examining the year and researching the possibility of expanding the Carling brand into some of the markets, but we haven't yet matched the product nor do we have the consumer research back yet. But they would be the 3 main areas I'd highlight.
James C. Watson - HSBC, Research Division: Okay. And Staropramen at 110 or 115, I was just wondering how big of a premium segment do a lot of these markets have built out and if you were to bring Carling in, would that be kind of squarely within an International premium segment?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes. The premium or the above premium, whichever sector we're talking about, they're both mainstream category in all of these markets is pretty limited and so that's an opportunity going forward. And as we -- as GDP grows in these markets, we would expect that sector to -- or that category, sorry, to increase as a percentage of the overall business. Carling will be -- again, we haven't done a consumer research so we can't tell you what exactly what the index would be, but it would certainly be above the average.
James C. Watson - HSBC, Research Division: Okay. And then just quickly on Canada. Looking at your main competitor there, they also seem to lose share in the second quarter. So I was just wondering where the competitive pressure is. Is this coming from in -- Canada? And if it's coming from smaller brewers or from retailers pushing pricing. How long that can last if that's going to spill over to the mainstream from the value brands?
Peter S. Swinburn: Again, I'll let Dave go into detail, but you've got it right. It has to do with smaller brewers in the value sector that they're the ones who are picking up the share in general. But Dave, do you have any more specifics?
David Dunnewald: No. I mean it's a long-standing trend where we've seen the smaller national and regional brewers playing hard in the value segment and picking up share there. It's the reason that we've done things like the introduction of Keystone a couple of years ago and working hard on our position with it in the value segment. It's a very, very fragmented segment. The competitive set is different in each region and so it takes some finesse to compete in that segment and the work that we have going on, but it is an ongoing trend that we face.
James C. Watson - HSBC, Research Division: Did the pricing pressure from -- within value spill over to mainstream and all? Is the gap between value and mainstream kind of staying where you want it to stay?
David Dunnewald: Yes, the gap is larger in the West, frankly, than where I'd like to see it. I mean, you have some provinces where value index is as low as a 53, but generally, in the major markets across the country, the gap is manageable. But you will get the exception in a couple of the Western markets where the gaps are large enough that it certainly spills into the mainstream.
Operator: You have a follow-up from Mark Swartzberg from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Again, Mark, I wanted to try to understand a little bit better what's going on with the mix in StarBev and how you think about the stickiness of volume as you move into next year. On the mix side, you're getting -- you're netting out a positive net sales per hectoliter. Are these incremental products you're putting more emphasis on? Are they gross margin-enhancing? Are they gross margin-degrading? And then, how do you think about the stickiness of this volume lift? What -- I really don't understand what's driving it in terms of products or channels. You're spending -- or the prior management decided to up spending in the second quarter, but I'm not sure where that money is going against and whether it's sustained volume lift.
Mark Hunter: Okay, I mean, there's a number of question in there, Mark, so let me try and kind of pick my way through them. The orientation of the business is really from a portfolio perspective to drive everything we can at core, which is our mainstream brands or above and everything we're doing from an innovation perspective should be margin enhancing versus our average margins, so that really is the focus of the commercial team. And the bulk of incremental investment in sales and marketing in the first half or really the second quarter has gone principally behind innovation agenda and our core brands, so you've got to remember we currently got the #1 brand in 4 markets and we're strong #2 or #3 in the other markets. So investing in our core brand, not dissimilar to Coors Light investment in the U.S. or Canadian Coors Light investment in Canada or Carling in the U.K., that remains absolutely central to our thinking. So we're looking to continue to strengthen the backbone of our business through marketing and orientate the business to top line and value growth on the back of the premiumizing the portfolio with a big chunk of that being driven by our innovation agenda. The mix that we refer to is a combination of things that's a shift in some of the dynamic in our customer mix, but we're seeing some shift from our traditional trade to what's called key accounts here or you'd recognize as the grocery channel. And a little bit of mix on packaging types as well as we move from some returnable bottles into more nonreturnable packaging, things like PET in some of the markets. So below the top line, there's a combination of different factors going on and our job is obviously to manage that holistically and make sure that the total number moves in the right direction and that's what the team generally have been doing and continue to do.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And so it sounds like the objective is mix enhancement. But because of the channel mix and because of the package mix, there's been a little bit of a mix degrade, is that a fair assumption? And how do you think about lapping these volumes benefits? I know it's very early days, but how do you think about that?
Mark Hunter: Well, I'd probably characterize the challenge much more as more general top line growth. So a combination of both pricing, volume and mix all being managed effectively. And the good news is that if you look at overall industry trends, the likelihood of a stronger industry growth than we've seen in other markets is higher because of the economic growth that we have seen here from a GDP perspective. And even against the broader eurozone, we expect GDP growth to be at least twice that we'll see across the broader eurozone and correlation between GDP growth and industry beer volume growth is very strong. So I have relatively high degree of confidence as long as the economic situation doesn't take a dramatic turn for the worst, that the volume growth should come through in the business and if we can continue to manage pricing and mix, as the team have been doing, and drive innovation agenda, maintaining and developing the margins and our local currency level should be well within our capabilities.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brett Cooper from Consumer's Edge Research.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: A couple of questions. It would be helpful if we could get the 8% increase in SG&A in the Central and Eastern European business, how much of that was a pull forward, I guess, versus just sort of underlying growth in the quarter? And then the second one would be in Canada, how much did the shift of Canada Day impact volumes?
David Dunnewald: Do you want me to take Canada first, probably simpler? Our estimate for the quarter is that it was about 2%, a 2% impact on volume.
Mark Hunter: Yes, can you just repeat the 8% referring to?
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: So I think you said in local currency, MG&A was up 8% in Central and Eastern Europe. We've obviously talked a lot about that being pulled forward or I guess marketing expenses being pulled forward for the second half. I just was trying to understand what the, if you will, the underlying or x that pull forward increase was just so that we can understand what the underlying growth in MG&A would have been or might be as we think about this going forward?
Mark Hunter: Well, let me talk specifically about sales and marketing. So on a full year basis, we would expect our sales and marketing to be relatively flat year-on-year, so that's probably the best indication I can give you of the difference in phasing that's taken place in our investment. So on a total year basis, we're currently projecting sales and marketing investment to be generally flat. So you'll need to work back from there how much of that flowed through as incremental in the first half. I don't have that specific number in front of me.
David Dunnewald: Brett, to be sure, that's in local currency that Mark is talking about.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Yes.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to the presenters.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Thank you, Martina, and thank you, everybody, for taking part this morning or this afternoon. We really welcome the interest, and look forward to speaking to you at the next quarter's announcement. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter S. Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director S. F. Glendinning - Chief Financial Officer David Perkins - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Canada, President of Global Brand & Market Development and President of Molson Coors Canada Tom Long - Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Commercial Officer Unknown Executive -  David Dunnewald - Vice President of Global Investor Relations
Analysts: Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division James C. Watson - HSBC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steve, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2012 First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]  Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website at www.molsoncoors.com and click on the Financial Reporting tab on the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. Now I would like to turn the call over to Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Steve. Hello, and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call. Thank you for joining us today. With me on the call this morning are Stewart Glendinning, Molson Coors' CFO; Dave Perkins, COO of Molson Coors Canada; Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors U.K.; Kandy Anand, President, Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors Chief Legal and People Officer; Zahir Ibrahim, Molson Coors' Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors' VP of Investor Relations. On the earnings call today, Stewart and I will take you through highlights of our quarter 1 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with additional perspective regarding our pending acquisition of the StarBev brewing business and our outlook for the balance of the year. In the first quarter, underlying earnings per share grew 9.3% on positive beer pricing and sales mix, continued cost savings initiatives and stock repurchases in the second half of last year. Underlying gross margin, including MillerCoors, increased 10 basis points from a year ago in the quarter, while underlying operating margin was unchanged at 9%. The U.S. posted a strong quarter, with underlying earnings growing nearly 17%, while the U.K. and Canada, underlying pretax income declined from a year ago. The U.S. benefited from its strongest NSR per hectoliter quarter in 3 years and drove significant cost savings to the bottom line. In Canada and the U.K., we faced margin pressure from higher pension and input inflation, as well as increased marketing investments in the U.K. and cycling onetime costs in Canada. Towards the end of the quarter, we launched a number of new line extensions. Within our core brand portfolio, Coors Light sales to retail grew more than 4% in the quarter driven by volume growth and market share gains in Canada, the U.S. and the U.K. Most of the Canadian STRs increased to the low-single digit rate in Canada. We recently expanded Molson Canadian Lager into Quebec and have begun full national activation of our NHL sponsorship. Miller Lite declined low-single digits but did receive revitalized brand messaging, new advertising creative and an even higher level of engagement with multicultural audiences across the U.S. beginning in March. We have been rolling out this new programming over the past few weeks, and the initial feedback from distributors and the retail trade has been very positive.  Carling declined at a mid-single digit rate, reflecting the competitive U.K. market as 2011 consumer buying ahead of the 2012 price rise. We drove growth in our premium brands, including Rickard’s, Creemore and Granville Islands in Canada; Blue Moon and Leinenkugel in the U.S.; and Cobra and Doom Bar in the U.K. On the innovation front, we introduced Coors Light Iced T to Canadian consumers in April. In the U.S., we introduced Leinenkugel Summer Shandy and the Coors Light aluminum pints. In the U.K., we launched Carling Zest, refreshing citrus beer with 2.8% alcohol, especially designed to appeal to a broad range of adult consumers. And obviously, the major impact of these launches will occur during the remainder of the year. The biggest news from Molson Coors in the first few months of 2012 was our agreement on April 3 to buy StarBev, the largest brewing business in central Europe, for EUR 2.65 billion or approximately USD $3.54 billion. This business generated 2011 sales of approximately $953 million and an EBITDA of $322 million under European Union IFRS. The purchase price represents a multiple of just under 11x EBITDA. StarBev brews 13.3 million hectoliters of beer annually and has the #1 brand in more than half of its markets, with strong positions in the rest. The acquisition of StarBev fits squarely into our strategy to increase our portfolio of premium brands and deepen our reach into growth markets around the world. The central European beer market is attractive, with strong historical trends and upside potential. StarBev is a market leader in the central European region, and this acquisition provides Molson Coors with a great platform for growth and an excellent foundation from which to extend our key brands, such as Carling, into central Europe. StarBev's international flagship brand, Staropramen, will also enhance our portfolio in some of our current unplanned markets. Investment levels behind the StarBev brands have been broadly appropriate, although we believe that a moderate increase is necessary to adequately support our planned innovation and brand strategy. Based on statutory tax rates, ranging from 10% to 20% in the 9 countries where StarBev does business, we expect our effective tax rates related to this business should be in the mid-teens. We'll update you at the appropriate time if this changes following the close. We have consistently said that making targeted acquisitions that expand our global presence and drive shareholder value is a key pillar for our growth strategy. We believe the acquisition of StarBev is financially compelling, that meets all of our return on capital requirements and is consistent with these goals. By way of an update, we are well along to completing this acquisition. We completed a public financing of $1.9 billion on May 3 and in the process, maintained our investment grade ratings. This debt issue was divided into tranches of $300 million for 5 years, $500 million for 10 years and $1.1 billion for 30 years, with very attractive coupons of 2%, 3.5% and 5%, respectively. When combined with the 0 coupon EUR 500 million convertible issued to the seller on short duration low-rate bank financing, we expect the average coupon to be about 4% on a book basis and in the 3s on a cash basis. Thus, the only steps remaining prior to closing the transaction are regulatory clearance from the EU and Serbia. We expect to complete these steps and close the acquisition before the end of the second quarter. With that as an overview, I'll turn it over to Stewart to give first quarter financial highlights and a perspective on the balance of 2012. Stewart, over to you.
S. F. Glendinning: Thanks, Peter. Hello, everyone. First quarter financial highlights. On the bottom line, underlying after-tax income of $85.3 million or $0.47 per diluted share was 4.5% higher than a year ago, driven by positive beer pricing and sales mix across our company. Underlying EPS increased 9.3%. Regionally, pretax equity income from MillerCoors drove our bottom line performance in the first quarter, with a 16.8% increase on the strength of solid pricing and sales mix, along with continuing cost reductions. With respect to the U.S., we also note that there's some timing impact of spending in marketing, which we expect to reverse in the balance of the year and especially in the second quarter. Canada results were negatively influenced by approximately $4 million of onetime benefits realized in the first quarter of 2011. In the U.K., increased marketing investment, weaker off-premise pricing, primarily driven by customer mix, combined with lower volumes and input inflation negatively impacted our results. In addition, both U.K. and Canada results were affected by increased defined benefit pension expense of $6.6 million in total. Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors decreased 0.4% due to lower volume in the U.K. and Canada, partially offset by 24% STR growth in international.  For the first time, this quarter, I will provide some consolidated non-GAAP results that include our portion of MillerCoors. On this basis, total company net sales increased 1.9% in the first quarter driven by the U.S., Canada and international. Net sales per hectoliter increased 2.7% in the quarter, primarily due to solid pricing across our company and the addition of NAB contract brewing revenue in Canada. Cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 2.5% due to input cost inflation, higher pension expense and the addition of contract brewing volume in Canada. Input inflation accounted for more than 3/4 of the COGS increase and was largely driven by agricultural materials, packaging and fuel costs. Total company gross margin was 37.9%, 10 basis points higher than a year ago, primarily due to solid pricing. Marketing, general and administration expense increased 4% due to higher pension costs and non-core StarBev transaction expenses, along with increased brand investments in the U.K. and international and cycling onetime costs in Canada. Excluding non-core StarBev expenses and Canada onetime costs, the MG&A increase was only 1.5% in the quarter. Underlying operating margin was unchanged at 9%, with the increase in U.S. operating income offset by declines in Canada and the U.K. Please see the earnings release we distributed this morning for a detailed review of our business unit financial results in the quarter. It is important to note that our first quarter underlying earnings exclude some special and other non-core gains, losses and expenses that net to a $6.4 million pretax charge. These adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results are described in detail in this morning's earnings release. In the first quarter 2011, our Resources for Growth 2 cost reduction program delivered $10 million in savings for the quarter and a total of $136 million of savings since the program began over 2 years ago. Regarding cash uses, we did not repurchase shares during the first quarter due to the potential -- and we do not expect further purchases until our debt ratios are closer to pre-StarBev levels. Looking forward, regarding our 2012 guidance. We now expect our total company 2012 fund benefit pension expense to be approximately $70 million, including our portion of MillerCoors pension expense. This total expense is about $12 million higher than 2011 on an underlying basis, primarily due to lower long-term interest rates with higher expense in the U.K. and Canada offset by lower expense at MillerCoors. Meanwhile, we expect to -- we continue to expect total cash contributions to our pensions to be in the range of $100 million to $120 million this year, up from $50 million in 2011, due to increased contributions in Canada and MillerCoors in the U.S. Our outlook for capital spending, corporate interest expense, MG&A expense and corporate and effective tax rate have not changed from our last earnings call. Please note that all of these forward-looking statements exclude the StarBev business and related transaction and financing costs as the acquisition has not yet closed. We plan to update our outlook to include StarBev later in the year after we have closed and reported U.S. GAAP pro forma financial results for the business. Looking forward, there are a number of considerations for our balance of the year financial performance. Regarding our cost outlook, in Canada, for 2012, we continue to expect our all-in cost of goods sold to increase at a mid-single digit rate per hectoliter in local currency, with the result weighted toward the first half due to the cost of NAB contract volume being largely absent from the first half results last year.  In the U.S., we continue to expect liquids COGS per hectoliter to increase at a low-single digit rate for the full year 2012. In the U.K., we now expect our full year COGS per hectoliter to grow at a mid-single digit rate in local currency, down from high-single digits on our last earnings call. This change in expectation is primarily due to reduced sales forecast for low-margin beverage sales this year. Most of the annual COGS increase in the U.K. is expected in the second quarter due to planned brewery redevelopment costs. We expect this redevelopment to drive significant operations efficiencies in the years ahead. We expect higher pension expense of about $15 million in Canada and $10 million in the U.K. For the balance of the year, we are investing incrementally in our brands and innovation to drive better performance in the years ahead. Marketing investments are planned to be about $30 million higher across Canada, the U.K. and international. Marketing spending will also be higher in the U.S. for the balance of the year. In other outlook, in the U.K., we expect the Europe football championships to accelerate volume from the third quarter to the second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, we don't anticipate any stock repurchases this year as we focus our cash use on paying down debt. Later this year, we'll be cycling lower employee incentive expense and the 53rd-week sales in Canada and the U.K.  At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for a regional outlook, wrap-up and the Q&A. Peter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Stewart. So in April, we rolled out Coors Light Iced T across Canada, and in June, our above-premium portfolio will be strengthened through the addition of the new Castle & Strongbow brands. In the U.S., we have strong marketing and sales programming behind our key brands this year, leading into the peak season, especially for Miller Lite, Coors Light and Miller 64. We are also introducing or testing a range of new brands, and we are rolling out a full slate of innovative packaging, including the Miller Lite punch top can to help build our existing brands. In the U.K., Carling Chrome and Carling Zest will receive increased marketing support, as will Coors Light to extend its current strong double-digit volume growth.  The 2012 investment in our International business will be similar to last year, with phasing buyers to the first half of the year. Our overriding international goal remains to build this group of businesses quickly and to reduce some investment per hectoliter so that our international group becomes a significant contributor to total company profitability by 2015. Finally, the following are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the second quarter. In Canada, our sales to retail for the first 4 weeks of the quarter declined at a mid-single digit rate versus 2011. In the U.S. for the 4 weeks ended April 28, STRs declined to a low-single digit rate on a trading day adjusted basis. In the first 4 weeks of the quarter, our U.K. STRs decreased at a high single-digit rate. And in the first 4 weeks, our international STRs have increased at a low double-digit rate. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. So when we measured our first quarter against the 3 pillars of our strategy that we laid out for the first time at our investors in New York last year, we have grown profitability in our core markets but only because of an exceptional quarter in the U.S. While the Canada market showed signs of improvement, we need to improve our gross profit margins. And while we've increased share in the U.K., the issue remains one of market performance. International growth is in line with our plan, and we expect the acquisition of StarBev to improve our growth market exposure while delivering returns that will grow shareholder value. And as discussed in New York, our primary focus continues to be on the improvement of total shareholder returns in our core business. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, 2 quick comments. Firstly, our prepared remarks will be on the website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 2:00 p.m. Eastern time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. And that call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website.  Second point I would just like to reference is that we did announce some personnel changes today, namely that Mark Hunter will be moving from the U.K. to when the StarBev business subject to satisfactory close and regulatory improvement (sic) [approval]. Stewart Glendinning, CFO, will be moving to the U.K. and Ireland business; and Gavin Hattersley will be moving from our U.S. business to join us as CFO of Molson Coors. I would just like to congratulate all 3 of those on the moves, which are heavily deserved. And so with that, I would like now to open it up for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First, just in terms of Canada, so in Q1, you're down 0.5%. But competitively, it looks like you lost market share. So first, maybe you can talk about the competitive performance and how would you sort of assess your market share performance in Q1. And then just in terms of the April trend being down mid-single digit, how much of Q1 strength was sort of weather-driven? And why do you think April weakened, understanding that month-to-month there could be some volatility there?
Peter S. Swinburn: This goes to you, Dave.
David Perkins: Judy, yes, let me cover the different aspects, and let me start first with industry performance in Q1. On our fiscal basis, it was up about 1.3%. If you look at it on a calendar basis, it was up over 3%. Weather was certainly a positive factor during the quarter. Timing of Easter accelerated some volume from Q2 into Q1. And so it's our third consecutive quarter of industry growth now, so we're actually feeling good about that. We actually look like we outpaced the total beverage alcohol category in Q1 as well, so some positive things on the industry. But I do want to acknowledge the role of Easter and weather in that. On our market share performance and specifically, Judy, Coors Light, Molson Canadian both grew in the quarter, as did our above-premium portfolio. Our nonstrategic brands declined consistent with what I talked about last quarter, but that was largely offset by strategic brand growth everywhere but the West. And it's in the West that our share decline was concentrated. In the West, we achieved really strong NSR per hectoliter growth as we moved our value brands up and we shifted our promotional activity to less costly packs. But there's no doubt that came at the expense of share and volume, so we're just rebalancing that now. And as we look to April then in the mid-single digit decline in volume, I would say that Easter would certainly be a consideration in that with the acceleration to Q1. We had very cold weather in our major Eastern markets through the month. And I would say that our price competitiveness in the West, the factors I just talked about continue on into April and will likely continue on the early part of May as well.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So Dave, just following up on that. So I guess, can you maybe quantify how much non-strategic brands were down? And kind of how should we think about that portion of your portfolio just in terms of as you see the decline in those brands shouldn't we see better maybe pricing and better profitability? And I understand Q1, there's a lot of noise in the COGS line. But it seems like maybe you're not getting sort of the benefit of decline in some of the nonstrategic brands that you -- at the profit line.
David Perkins: Yes, I mean, the decline of the nonstrategic brands, I think the important thing to understand about those brands is they're actually quite profitable because there's low levels of support on them. They tend to have NSR similar to our mainstream brands, but at the bottom line, the contribution is quite strong. Really, the challenge for us, and I think I mentioned this the last quarter as well, is for us to get both innovation and core brands growing at a rate that it more than offsets what's happening on our nonstrategic brands. Nonstrategic brands would be in and around 10% of our total business, and there's nothing that we want to do by way of attention there to try to prop them up. It's really about leaning hard into our strategic brands. That's what we're doing. I think other than the challenge we've had in the West, pretty happy with what I've seen east of the Manitoba border in Q1.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just on the StarBev acquisition, maybe just taking a step back and talk more just from an organizational capability perspective because, obviously, Molson Coors have gone through some mergers and acquisitions with Molson and others. And I'm just wondering just based on your experience just looking back, some of the lessons that you've learned in sort of identifying what the right level of marketing spend, why do you think that the marketing investments in the StarBev business is appropriate and whether we should really not expect an even bigger step-up in terms of the brand investments. And you're making some personnel changes here, so any risk through -- as you're looking at the acquisition and some of the organizational changes and how you sort of keep the core business improving because that seems to be still your key focus. At the same time, you're obviously trying to implement this large-sized acquisition.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay, Judy. I'll try and answer all of that, if I can. Let me take the personnel and organization changes first. We're in very fortunate position to be able to announce the changes that we've made. There's obviously very capable people. The reality is that I could have chosen at least another 3 or 6 people to have done those roles. And the one thing I think we have done over recent years is build up a huge strength of depth -- strength in depth, I'm sorry, of people. Now that goes to the overall teams as well. So as a leader of the business, I have to make sure that if anything happens to any of our business unit leaders, be it Dave, Mark or anyone else, in some sort of crisis that we've got people to come step in, but also teams below them, that are very, very capable of running the business, and that's what we have. So as far as the existing business is concerned, I'm absolutely confident that, that will be -- we won't miss a heartbeat. As far as the StarBev business is concerned, I think we mentioned when we made the acquisition that we are very impressed with the management team over there. I have been over there to speak to all of the management team. And even this morning, we were on a call, and the message there, very clearly, is business as usual. So again, with Mark moving over to lead that business, I don't think we'll miss a heartbeat. Their plans are laid out. We know what they're plans are. We went through their plans in due diligence. We've got strong belief in their plans, and everybody needs to achieve them. So really, I think that's the strength as far as we are concerned. And as you say we've been to this process quite a few times in recent years. Specifically, on the marketing spend, we did, as you would expect, a huge amount of due diligence market by market, brand by brand. And obviously, one of the things that we looked at was the relative spend of the StarBev business against the competitive bench and also, the performance of brands by market. And based on that, we made some assessments, which, we think, are very realistic about how we would need to put behind the brands. And this is really market by market. It's not a layer approach. It's very specific to brands by market. And so again, we're very confident that the numbers that we have in are the correct amount, and we don't believe there'll be any need to increase them. Did that answer your question?
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Peter or Dave, could give us an update on how Coors Light Iced T is going in Canada and where you're headed on the opportunity for that innovation in the U.S.?
Peter S. Swinburn: I'll take the second part. Well, no, actually, what I'll -- Tom, do you want to take the second part of that -- the front, and then we'll pass it on to Dave?
Tom Long: Sure. We're watching the rollout of Coors Light Iced T very carefully and, of course, we borrow with no pride at all. We're eager to find successful products across the country, and Coors Light Iced T in Canada is a great innovation that we're watching carefully. So we would be prepared to launch it given the success, and as if we learn about how the drinker base works, so we're watching that closely.
David Perkins: Again, Mark, it's Dave. It's not a very robust update to give. I'm -- we're in full distribution now. Above the line marketing support started April 23. So it's quite recent. Certainly, all the indications that we're getting in the early days are positive. We're seeing the numbers come in where we'd hoped to. We're achieving the pricing that we'd hoped to on the brand. It is very early days.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then, I wonder, Peter, if you could just talk sort of philosophically about marketing spend as we think beyond 2012, you're going to own StarBev. You've called out, for 2 quarters now, the intention to really up the level of spend in markets other than in the United States. So as you think about how you prioritize spend, I guess, my 2 questions are, it seems like the U.S. is a lagger at least in 2012 in terms of rate of increase. So it that something we should view as kind of a strategic statement? Or is it just kind of an anomaly for the year? How are you thinking about how you allocate these dollars on a multi-geography basis?
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Well, I think over the full year -- or can I let the U.S. team speak to it. We are looking -- we will be looking to increase marketing spend from hereon in, so Q1 shouldn't be an indicator of the future. And I think, Tom and the team talked about this morning but I'll let them jump in later on if they want to. As far as this year and looking forward is concerned, Mark, the -- we really tried to link this year's increased expenditure to 2 things: one was an increased innovation pipeline. We see that innovation pipeline being pretty full for 3 years, and so we would see this is a rebate, if you like, looking forward. But also, some of that money will also go on our core brands. So I think we've got to a level this year where we want to get it to you looking forward. As an indicator, obviously, that will move around at the margins plus or minus X%, obviously. But that would be really the way we're thinking about it. Shawn, do you want to add anything on the U.S.?
Unknown Executive: No, I don't think so. I think that captures our position, Peter.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And to my -- and I mean, the number as I understand it, the percentage increases are much more dramatic outside the U.S. even once you factor in the full year plans for the U.S. Is that a fair understanding? And can you just speak to that as an indication of priorities by region?
Peter S. Swinburn: Well, I don't believe such priorities. I mean, it will be much a higher percentage because the U.S. base is considerably higher than either the U.K. or Canada. If you look at our marketing expenditure as a percentage of turnover, I think you'll find that we're trying to catch up in some of the other geographies compared to the U.S. So I think overall, we're in a pretty good position geography by geography.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher from JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: In general, Eastern Europe is viewed as somewhat of an emerging market. And I guess, the only issue becomes with beer, you've got much higher per capita consumption to start with. So can you talk about sort of how we should view the development of Eastern Europe from a beer standpoint? And as we look at your growth expectations going forward, where can per capita consumption go? Where can pricing go? Where can market share go because most of these countries, at this point, seem relatively well developed?
Peter S. Swinburn: John, a couple of things. I think the per capita consumption does vary country by country, and we are in actually 9 different countries. So that's the first point I would make. Everything that we've seen in these countries because as you say that's somewhat emerging markets reflects the fact that the per capita consumption is -- there is a very, very strong correlation between that and GDP growth. And so you have take a view on what's going to happen to the GDP growth in these countries. And yes, it's going to be volatile. But over the -- if you average it out, looking forward over the next 5 to 10 years, we see that is a positive trend. And so really that's the background to it.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So I guess, if you look at this, can you talk about, then maybe getting down to some of the more specific countries within the StarBev acquisition Czech, obviously, very high per capita consumption, low market share there. Where do you line up well in terms of maybe high market share and growing per capita consumption or high per capita consumption and low market share? Just trying to understand where the opportunities are.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, I think it's probably in terms of detail because we're talking about 9 countries and a multiplicity of brands, Dave can pick the real detail on that later on. But if I was to give you a background, I mean, as I mentioned, we have got the #1 brand in 5 of the markets that we're talking about. And within that 5, there are a good number where we see opportunity to continue to grow our market share position or certainly hold it and improve value around that piece and also see improvements within the overall velocity of the market. So we're comfortable that there is opportunity. It does vary market by market, but Dave can take you to the detail about later on, if you like.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brett Cooper with Consumer Edge Research.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: You're talking about being less price competitive in the West than Canada. Can you talk about you got there? Was it discounting? Or do you take price up and it wasn't followed? And then finally, is it safe to assume that since you talked about -- not to put words in your mouth, but basically rolling back on price, should we see the price decelerate over the back end of the year or is there an offset?
David Perkins: Yes, okay. In the West, what we did is we moved our value brands up certainly at a rate higher than the rest of the market in any of the GPIs. So we're trying to close the gap between our value brands and our mainstream. In addition, a lot of the promotional activity in the West is happening in fairly expensive SKUs, and so we attempted to shift that to less costly SKUs. That worked in part, but it didn't work the way we wanted it to because it wasn't the general market move, and we haven't seen the market move that way. So we're finding ourselves less competitive now, and that's why we're rolling back. In terms of the impact it will have on NSR, going forward, I wouldn't characterize is as particularly material on a national basis. Certainly, in the West, it will have some impact.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Do -- can I just follow up? On the value brands, you moved up and did -- is it fair to say competition didn't follow?
David Dunnewald: Yes. We found ourselves uncompetitive after having moved up, so our value brands ended up above the market.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, I just want to make sure I understood the pension expense increase correctly. It's going to be -- it's a 1,200 million -- or I'm sorry, $12 million incremental expense relative to last year. Is that just for the U.K. and Canada or that's including the offset from the U.S.?
S. F. Glendinning: No, that includes the offset from the U.S.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So it's -- the U.K. and Canada, specifically, are $25 million higher combined?
S. F. Glendinning: Yes, that's correct, $25 million combined.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right. And then -- so the $6.5 million of higher pension costs that you referenced earlier in the call is just the U.K. and Canada, right? That matches -- that's basically phasing in the $25 million in the U.K. and Canada?
S. F. Glendinning: That's correct. That's $6.6 million just for the first quarter.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, okay. And so -- okay. And then, I guess, more broadly, as you went into this year in your core markets, basically, the expectation or the plan is to basically drive more volume growth in order to drive the P&L. And I guess, you factored out the weather in the U.S. in the first quarter, which helped in the U.S. and maybe to an extent it helped in Canada as well. Is there anything just in terms of the overall environment that has changed your thinking at all in terms of your ability to do that? Is the consumer any better or worse than it was when you set your original plan? Just want to try and get a sense for how you feel about your plans and sort of what the environment's willing to give in terms of a more volume-driven plan.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. So I mean, obviously, not just volume, it's balancing the volume with the NSR growth, what we've been trying to do, Bryan. But if I try and encapsulate it, I would say that we have been, all things being equal, probably pleasant, cautiously pleasantly surprised with the U.S. and Canada. The markets are probably even better than we expected. To be honest, no idea whether that will continue, but that's what we would say, and probably the U.K. is being the same as we expected, which is difficult. So that's some of it. I mean, before April, I think we would've been a bit more positive, but you've seen the numbers in April, and so it really reflects consumer trends at the moment. It's pretty volatile, to be honest with you. But overall, yes, I think Canada and U.S. is probably more positive than we expected.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And fairly characterize that you'd be effective -- the first quarter didn't really see a full effect of all of the marketing and product innovation that you've got planned. I mean, it's part of driving the NSR. So I mean, we're not really seeing the effect of what you're investing to drive that better revenue growth. Is that fair characterization?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, absolutely fair to say that marking it both from a marketing investment line on our core brands but also from innovation. Really, we should see the major benefit of that in the remaining of the year -- remainder of the year.
S. F. Glendinning: So Bryan, I would just add to that by saying that, of course, the first quarter is a slower quarter than any of the others. And second, as Peter highlighted, a good deal of our investment has gone behind new innovation. And as always, that innovation has some ramp-up period that there's a part for you to consider.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just finally, Peter, that -- I guess, since the StarBev acquisition was announced, the stock is -- your stock has underperformed. And I guess, if I can encapsulate, I guess, there was a disconnect in terms of what you're seeing in terms of the value in StarBev versus what maybe the market was hoping for, whether that was a dividend or a bigger share repurchase or some other use of the capital. Can you just talk to how you viewed that difference in terms of where the value lies in StarBev relative to doing those other kind of capital return options?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, I mean, what I can say, Bryan, is that really over the last 3 years plus, we've consistently examined with our board the best way to use any cash that we have at any point in time. And we've always judged the usage of that cash against total shareholder return in the medium to long term. And as we announced a year ago, it was appropriate to use that cash for share buybacks because there was no other option on the table when StarBev came up. It was an option at the price that we bought it at, which was below 11x EBITDA multiple. It really satisfied all the financial criteria we laid out and both in our estimation and the board agreed, so over the medium to long term, that was a better way to use our cash. It will be much easier to talk about StarBev in the fine detail when we actually own the business. But you understand, at the moment, we're bound by confidentiality. So I think a lot more will become clear when we'll be able to talk in more detail as to our beliefs and our rationale. So I'd ask you just to be patient on that for a little bit longer.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of James Watson with HSBC.
James C. Watson - HSBC, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on Canada and the market share loss. I was actually surprised when you said that the nonstrategic brands were kind of had a similar profitability, similar bottom line effect. I wanted to find out what -- how you guys define your strategic versus nonstrategic brands? And are you okay with the share loss assuming that it's all in nonstrategic brands and your strategic brands are maintaining or gaining share?
David Perkins: Yes, okay. Let me take a crack at that, James. I mean, the way we define a strategic brand is essentially one that we're investing behind to maintain or grow for the future. And there's about a dozen brands that would fall into that camp. The nonstrategic brands are brands that were either fully harvesting or that we may be spending a little bit on to moderate the decline in some cases. But generally, they're harvest brands. And for us, what's important is really to have a stable to growing market share over time. I mean, we want a portfolio that is capable of ensuring that we're competitive within the category. And so it's important to us that our supported brands, our strategic brands do get to a point where they're fully offsetting and more than offsetting the decline of those nonstrategic brands. Now some of our strategic brands also have premium, above-premium pricing. You know that we have a strong above-premium portfolio. But even if you look at our innovation like Coors Light Iced T, that is coming in at an above-mainstream pricing, an above-premium pricing. And so that will have a beneficial impact on our NSR and on our margins.
James C. Watson - HSBC, Research Division: So that's something where even if the share losses coming from lack of the nonstrategic, we should still be seeing kind of mix benefits and gains through higher-priced brands?
David Perkins: Yes. I mean, over the longer term, what we're attempting to do on our portfolio is ensure that the kind of segment shifts the we see happening in the market don't disadvantage us. So over time, we see the mainstream segment declining, the above-premium increasing and the value segment tends to vary. Generally, it has trended up, but there are times when you'll see it reverse itself. We need to have fair share within each of those 3 pricing segments so that as the market shifts, it doesn't mathematically cause our market share to decline. And then within the portfolio, we want to push the premium-ization. Premium-ization is the growth of the above-premium segment, but it is also the kind of innovation that we do in the mainstream segment. So I don't consider Coors Light Iced T a true above-premium brand, but it is commanding a price index that is very attractive to us. And so within the mainstream, to the extent that we can push towards higher priced products, we will.
James C. Watson - HSBC, Research Division: So is it fair to say that your marketing investment kind of matches your outlook there in terms of above-premium being higher growth so you'd have a little bit over-index if in terms of marketing on that segment?
David Perkins: That would be fair, although I would emphasize that the investment that we make behind Coors Light and Canadian, which are our power brands that are absolutely critical to keeping our breweries running and maintaining our bottom line, get very healthy investment.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn it back for any closing comments.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Thanks, Steve, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today and for your interest in the business. And we look forward to speaking to you again at the end of our next quarter. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-16 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter S. Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director S. F. Glendinning - Chief Financial Officer David Perkins - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Canada, President of Global Brand & Market Development and President of Molson Coors Canada Mark Hunter - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors (UK) and President of Molson Coors (UK)
Analysts: Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division James Watson - HSBC, Research Division Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2011 Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Conference Call.  Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call, and from time to time, by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period and in U.S. dollars. Now I would like to turn the call over to Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Martina. Hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call. Thanks for joining us today. With me on the call is Stewart Glendinning, Molson Coors CFO; Dave Perkins, COO of Molson Coors Canada; Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors; Mark Hunter, the CEO of Molson Coors U.K.; Kandy Anand, President of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors Chief Legal and People Officer; Zahir Ibrahim, Molson Coors Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors VP of Investor Relations.  On the earnings call today, Stewart and I will take you through highlights of our fourth quarter and full year 2011 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some initial perspectives on 2012. For Molson Coors, the fourth quarter was a positive finish to a challenging year, with underlying after-tax income up more than 42%; earnings per share, up 47%; and net sales growth of 12%. The fourth quarter benefited from solid pricing, an additional week in our fiscal 2011 calendar and cycling comparatively weak quarterly results the year before.  For the full year, net sales increased 8% and underlying earnings per share grew nearly 6%, driven by positive pricing, cost reduction initiatives, favorable foreign currency movements and an additional trading week. Our focus in 2011 continued to be on the 3 pillars of our growth strategy, namely to grow profitably in our core businesses to advance in innovation, to grow in new and emerging markets and, when it meets our strict shareholder return criteria, to grow through M&A.  In 2011, our primary focus remained on the first of these pillars as we continued to invest in our key brands and fill our innovation pipeline. Increased sales, pricing and underlying earnings tell us we are moving in the right direction. In Canada, during 2011, we grew volume and profit in the back half of the year to improve performance of Coors Light, Molson Canadian and our above premium portfolio, highlighted by the launch of Rickard's Blonde and the expansion of Creemore and Granville Island into new markets.  Our Canada team secured the key national hockey league sponsorship property, which is adding visibility to our brands. We introduced Molson Canadian 67 Sublime and Miller Chill Lemon, and we expanded Molson Canadian 67 into Québec and Molson M into Ontario on the west. In the U.S., Coors Light significantly outperformed the premium light segment, in both share and average price and became the second largest beer in the market. The Blue Moon brands continued to lead the craft beer segment, with more than 20% growth. Leinenkugel's also grew to double-digit rate. These brands drive the Tenth and Blake business, which is focused on our craft and import brands. We introduced value-driving innovations, including Coors Light Super Cold activation and expanded the Miller Lite aluminum pint, Leinenkugel Summer Shandy, Blue Moon Seasonals and Batch 19 all into new markets.  However, the Miller Lite performance was a disappointment. In a very challenging U.K. market, we gained market share, and in the first half of the year, successfully completed a major SAP system implementation and then focused on brands and innovation in the second half, with the result being accelerated share performance. We acquired the Sharp's Brewery and Doom Bar brand early in 2011, added the Modelo brands to our portfolio and relaunched Carling and Coors Light in the second half. We introduced aluminum bottles for Carling, Coors Light and Caffrey's, and we had a limited launch of Carling Chrome and Animée.  Also in the second half of 2011, we initiated a multi-year redevelopment program for our U.K. brewing network, which will support brand growth, innovation and operations efficiencies in the years ahead. The second pillar of our growth strategy, our approach to international organic growth, is based upon disciplined market development, strong strategic partnerships and sound investment in our brands. Specifically in 2011, we expanded our Cobra partnership to include the Indian subcontinent, which now gives us global control of this promising premium brand. Together with our partner, Obolon, we set up a commercial venture to sell Carling in the Ukraine, Eastern Europe's second-biggest beer market, and this venture is off to a very strong start.  We continue to experience depressed markets, cost inflation and subpricing environments, exacerbated in the U.K. by punitive excise tax increases. This is a situation we do not see improving for some time. In M&A, the Sharp's acquisition has gone exceptionally well,, with the Doom Bar brand growing strongly, and now it is in the top 3 U.K. on-premise cask ale brands. The India partnership is also off to a solid start. These pillars of our growth strategy, paired with disciplined cash use and cost management, are designed to drive profit, cash flow and long-term share [ph] value to our shareholders.  During the past 4 years, we have used our cash to capitalize on growth opportunities, strengthen our balance sheet and double our dividends per share. In 2011, we further strengthened our balance sheet by settling 1/4 of our cross-currency swaps for approximately $100 million and paid down the outstanding Ontario beer store debt with $94 million in cash. In addition, following the announcement of our $1.2 billion stock repurchase plan in August, we repurchased approximately 7.5 million Class B shares by year end. Stewart will provide more details in a few minutes.  Beyond our growth pillars in 2011, our Resources for Growth Two cost reduction program delivered $60 million in savings for the year and a total of $126 million in savings since the program began 2 years ago. And in the area of corporate social responsibility, Molson Coors was selected for inclusion in the Dow Jones sustainability index, which is the most recognized global benchmark of sustainability on nonglobal corporations. We were 1 of only 6 North American food and beverage companies chosen to be in this index.  So with that as an overview, I'll now turn it over to Stewart to give fourth quarter financial highlights and perspective on our 2011 cash generation and uses. Stewart, over to you.
S. F. Glendinning: Thanks, Peter. Hello, everyone. In the fourth quarter financial highlights, worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors increased 2.6% on a 53-week basis. Excluding the 53rd week in our fiscal 2011, worldwide volume decreased 0.1% driven by decline in U.S. volume, which was largely offset by volume growth in our U.K., International and Canada businesses.  Total company net sales increased 12.2% in the fourth quarter primarily driven by the 53rd week in 2011, along with higher sales in the U.K., International and Canada businesses. On the bottom line, underlying after-tax income of $176 million or $0.97 per diluted share was 42.4% higher than a year ago, driven by improved financial performance in each of our businesses. For our total company, the 53rd week increased 2011 worldwide sales volume by about 300,000 hectoliters and boosted pretax profit by an estimated $9 million.  It's important to note that our fourth quarter underlying earnings exclude some special and other noncore gains, losses and expenses that net to an $8.6 million pretax charge. These adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results are described in detail in the earnings release we distributed this morning. In segment performance highlights for the fourth quarter, starting with Canada, underlying pretax income increased 22.2% to $129.9 million, driven by increased net pricing, MG&A expense reductions, the addition of NAB contract brewing income this year and the additional week in our fiscal 2011.  The extra week in the fourth quarter added about 140,000 hectoliters to Canada sales volume and an estimated USD $12 million to pretax profit. This benefit was slightly offset by the $2 million impact of a 1% year-over-year decrease in the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar. Sales-to-retail or STRs increased 7.1% in the fourth quarter, largely due to the additional sales week in 2011. Excluding the extra week, comparable fourth quarter STRs increased 0.2%. Our Canada market share declined approximately 0.5 share point from a year ago. Net sales per hectoliter increased nearly 4% in local currency, with more than 1/3 of this driven by continued positive pricing and the remainder due to the addition of NAB contract brewing sales this year.  Cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 6% in local currency, with about half of the increase due to the cost of brewing beer under our NAB contract, and the remainder driven by higher distribution costs and input inflation. These factors are partially offset by RFG2 savings in the quarter. Marketing, general and administrative expense decreased 5% in local currency, largely due to lower employee incentive compensation and other overhead expenses in the quarter.  Moving to our U.S. segment, underlying pretax income increased 27.2% to $85.5 million in the fourth quarter, driven by higher pricing and the results of cost savings initiatives, which more than offset the impact of lower volume and higher input inflation. MillerCoors domestic STR declined 3.3% on a trading day adjusted basis, while domestic sales to wholesalers declined 1.6% with the variance to STRs driven by the quarterly timing of shipments last year.  Domestic net revenue per hectoliter, which excludes contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, grew 2.9% primarily due to frontline pricing. Cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 0.9% in the quarter driven by higher freight, packaging innovations, brand mix and commodity inflation, partially offset by continued cost savings. MG&A expense decreased 3.7% for the quarter. In our U.K. business, fourth quarter underlying pretax income increased 29.4% to $34.8 million due to overall higher volumes and lower pension costs, partly offset by lower net pricing and higher marketing investments.  These results reflect minimal profit impact from a 1% depreciation of the British pound versus the U.S. dollar, and the additional week in 2011. STRs increased 16%, reflecting a strong performance in both the on-premise and the off-premise channels: customer buying ahead of our 2012 price increase and the cycling for U.K. weather in 2010 and the approximate 165,000 hectoliter benefit of the additional week in 2011. Excluding the impact of the extra week, STRs increased 9%. With overall industry volumes decreasing an estimated 1.4% from a year ago, this represented share growth for us in both the on-premise and the off-premise. Own brand net sales per hectoliter decreased 1% in local currency, driven by a 6% lower net pricing largely offset by the mix benefit of adding the higher-priced Modelo brands.  Net pricing in the quarter was impacted by an increasingly competitive market dynamics and adverse customer impact mix in the off-premise, partially offset by positive pricing in the on-premise. Total cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased approximately 2% in local currency driven by fixed cost leverage from higher volumes and cost savings, partly offset by input inflation and the addition of the Modelo brands. Marketing, general and administrative expenses increased nearly 2% in local currency due to higher marketing investments and the impact of the 53rd week in 2011, partly offset by lower employee incentive and pension expense.  Now to help improve visibility into our international business, we began separating results for these operations from our corporate expenses for the first time in the fourth quarter. The international segment posted an underlying pretax loss of $7.5 million in the fourth quarter, and this $2.2 million improvement from a year ago was driven by increased sales of higher-margin brands this year. International volume increased 51% due to the addition of the Modelo brands in Japan, along with the growth of Carling in Europe and Coors Light in Latin America and China.  Net sales per hectoliter increased 24% and cost of goods sold per hectoliter grew 16%, primarily due to sales mix improvements, including higher sales of Zima and Modelo brands in Japan and Carling in Europe. International MG&A increased 35%, driven by investments in our Ukraine, India, China, Spain and Russia businesses. Meanwhile, underlying corporate expenses totaled $52.3 million pretax for the fourth quarter. This reduction of $3.9 million was primarily due to lower employee incentive compensation.  The 53rd week in 2011 added approximately $3 million of interest and overhead expense in the fourth quarter. Now moving beyond the fourth quarter operating performance, underlying free cash flow for 2011 was $635 million, down 31% from 2011 and $115 million below our original goal for the year, which was $750 million plus or minus 10%. While most of the free cash miss was due to timing of working capital, the result was, nonetheless, disappointing.  Our 2011 cash generation was made up of the following: $868 million of operating cash flow, including $458 million from MillerCoors, plus $20 million of proceeds from asset sales in the Foster’s swap unwind, minus $235 million of capital spending and minus $17 million of net cash invested in MillerCoors. Lower underlying cash for 2011 is primarily due to onetime cash sources in 2010 and higher capital spending, $58 million plus MillerCoors, as well as higher cash taxes of $24 million and higher working capital this year largely due to timing.  Consistent with our usual practice, we plan to share our 2012 underlying free cash flow goal with you during our Investor Day in New York next month. Regarding cash uses in 2011, Peter mentioned our stock buybacks and partial cross-currency swap settlement and the Ontario beer store debt paydown. Totaling more than $500 million, these cash uses strengthened our balance sheet, improved our debt ratios with the rating agencies and reduced our share count at an attractive price. We ended the year with $884 million of cash in our balance sheet, and here are the details regarding the buyback.  During the fourth quarter, we bought back approximately 1.2 million Class B common shares for $50 million in cash. Since the inception of the program in August 2011, we have repurchased approximately 7.5 million shares for $321.1 million, which is approximately 27% of the total program, and just over 4% of our outstanding Class B shares. As originally announced, we have been implementing this program opportunistically. As always, all potential cash uses will be vetted by our disciplined growth process and must meet our firm criteria of providing a clear view to building long-term shareholder value.  Looking forward, regarding our 2012 guidance, we expect 2012 MG&A expense in corporate to be approximately $115 million. This would represent a $12 million increase from 2011, driven by higher incentive compensation and project expenses. We expect full year 2012 corporate interest expense to be approximately $100 million based on current foreign exchange rates, a reduction of $8 million from 2011. Turning to our effective tax rate, we expect a full year underlying rate for 2012 in the range of 17% to 21%, assuming no further changes in tax laws. While we continue to see our normalized long-term tax rate in the range of 22% to 26%. We anticipate that it will take a few years to move up to that range.  Our 2012 capital spending outlook is approximately $200 million for the full year. This $35 million decrease from last year is driven by a lower capital spending in Canada following the installation of the new high-speed can line in our Montréal brewery. Note that this capital spending guidance excludes the U.S. Regarding our defined benefit pensions for 2012, our preliminary view is that U.K. pension expense will increase about $10 million, that means from $7 million of pension income in 2011 to about $3 million of pension expense this year.  In Canada, we anticipate that our 2012 expense -- pension expense will increase approximately $20 million from 2011. In the U.S., we expect a decrease of about $15 million, on an underlying basis, which excludes a $22 million special charge in the third quarter of 2011 related to MillerCoors assuming a multi-employer pension plan, that's at 42%.  Taking these together, our total company 2012 pension expense is expected to be approximately $80 million, including our portion of the MillerCoors pension expense, which is about $15 million higher than 2011 on an underlying basis. This increase is driven by current long-term interest rates, which are now lower than at any point in the past 60 years. Meanwhile, we expect total cash contributions to our pensions to be in the range of $100 million to $120 million this year, up from $59 million in 2011. This is due to increased contributions in Canada and in the U.S.  Looking ahead, our cost outlook in Canada for 2012, we expect our all-in cost of goods sold to increase at a mid single-digit rate per hectoliter in local currency, due to input inflation and higher distribution and pension costs, as well as the cost of brewing NAB contract volume, which was largely absent from our first half results last year. In the U.S., we forecast COGS per hectoliter to increase at a low single-digit rate in 2012. In the U.K., we expect our full year COGS per hectoliter to grow at a high single-digit rate in local currency, with about half of the increase due to input inflation; 40% due to sales mix; and 10% from onetime expenses related to our U.K. brewery improvements this year.  The incremental brewery expenses will total about $8 million in 2012 primarily in the first half of the year, and we expect these improvements to provide significant returns in the years ahead. At this point, I'll turn it over to Peter for total company and regional outlook, wrap up and the Q&A. Peter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Stewart. So we expect 2012 to be as challenging as 2011 in all of our markets. Additionally in 2012, as Stewart has outlined, we anticipate negative foreign exchange rates and increased pension expense. We firmly believe that we have to continue to focus on our core brands and new innovation to drive top line revenue, and this means growing Coors Light, Carling, Molson Canadian and Miller Lite. We also need to execute our innovation program effectively, and to help ensure this is achieved, we plan to invest incrementally in marketing this coming year.  We will continue to grow our existing international businesses and move them forward profitably over the next few years. Finally, we will consider prudent value enhancing growth opportunities to M&A. Despite these efforts, we expect the early part of the year to be especially challenging, partly due to higher brewery, marketing and pension costs. Additionally, we will be cycling the release of a $3.8 million indirect tax reserve in Canada in the first quarter of 2011 and the volume pull-forward of the U.K. price increase, which we estimate pulled in nearly $3 million from Q1 2012.  These factors will put increased pressure on Q1 results. And, of course, later this year, we will be cycling lower employment incentive expenses and the 53rd week sales in Canada and the U.K. By way of regional outlook, in Canada, beyond the focus on Coors Light and Canadian, we have begun full activation of the NHL sponsorship. That drives relevance to our brands with hockey fans, a key consumer group in Canada. Our -- the premium brands were highly successful in 2011 and finished the year with real positive momentum, contributing 1/4 per share point of growth to our portfolio in the fourth quarter.  Specifically, the Rickard's brands have benefited from some successful innovative brand launches. We will gain further geographic expansion of the Creemore and Granville Island brands with the Six Pints, our new craft and speciality group. Beyond our current offerings, we plan to introduce some exciting new brands unpackaging in 2012, which we expect will further strengthen our portfolio and our competitive position in Canada.  In the U.S., we will unveil our new take on Miller Lite taste at our distributor convention in mid-March. Innovations such as the aluminum pint and the vortex bottle, have been well received by consumers and will continue to be a focus. We'll unveil the innovative Miller Lite Taste Flow Can along with new programs to drive Miller Lite engagement among our African, American and Latino consumers. With Coors Light, we'll continue to drive success with the super cold activation along with other packaging innovations such as the aluminum pint. We will also remain focused on multicultural programs that reach Hispanic consumers through local market soccer activations and the Coors Light Fanáticos Del Frio website.  Miller 64, the relaunch of MGD 64 brand, will be available at retail by the end of this month with bold new packaging and positioning. Tenth and Blake will continue to drive momentum around Blue Moon with Seasonals such as Blue Moon Spiced Amber Ale. We are also looking at extending the Leinenkugel Shandy brand with a version for the fall, and we'll continue to grow Peroni with a strong focus in the on-premise channel.  Additionally, we will leverage our minority equity investments in Terracon [ph] beer company and in our acquisition of the Crispin Cider Company last week, which gives us significant and immediate presence in one of the industry's fastest growing categories. In the U.K., since our SAP system implementation in summer 2011, the team has -- was focused on brand building and innovation activities. In 2012, we will be launching a major investment focus on the refreshed positioning behind Cobra and Carling, plus Carling Chrome and further new Carling brand extensions. We will be on that consistently through spring and summer. And Coors Light will return with heavyweight support to build on last year's double-digit growth. We are well into the first stage of a multi-year redevelopment program in our U.K. brewing network in order to improve bottle innovation, flexibility and performance, including additional brewing capacity for Doom Bar, and will enable us to deliver on our brand and innovation agenda.  By the middle of this year, we will have new flow up capability up and running, and a new energy center and flexible bottling line will be under construction for early 2013 commissioning. During 2012, Molson Coors International will continue to focus on leveraging the investments made in new markets and infrastructure over the past 2 years. The primary focus will be to continue to drive double-digit top line growth in the key strategic markets of China, India, Russia, U.K. and Spain, focusing on the key brands of Coors Light, Carling and Cobra.  While we anticipate similar overall investment levels in these businesses in 2012 versus last year, we expect these investments to be somewhat front-loaded this year. Our overriding international goal remains to build this group of businesses quickly and to reduce our investment per hectoliter so that our international group becomes a significant contributor to total company profitability by 2015.  Finally, the following are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in 2012. In Canada, our sales-to-retail for the first 5 weeks of 2012 declined at a high single-digit rate versus 2011. This decline is largely a result of calendar differences related to the 53rd week in 2011. The January volume reporting for fiscal 2011 included the week leading up to New Year's Eve, whilst this week is excluded from our early 2012 fiscal results.  On a comparable basis, 2012 first 5-week STR volume is down low single digit versus 2011. In the U.S. for the first 5 weeks ended February 4, STRs declined at a low single-digit rate on a trading day adjusted basis. In the first 6 weeks of the quarter, our U.K. STRs decreased at a mid single-digit rate, largely for the same reasons as Canada. And in the first 5 weeks of the quarter, our international STRs have increased at a double-digit rate. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead.  So to summarize our discussions today, the fourth quarter for Molson Coors was a positive finish to a challenging year, underlying tax income up more than 42%; earnings per share up 47%; and net sales growth of 12%. For the full year, net sales increased 8%; underlying earnings per share were up nearly 6%, driven by positive pricing, cost reduction initiatives, favorable foreign currency movements and the additional week in 2011.  Despite some challenging market conditions, our focus continues to be on growing our business. Rather than waiting for the market to come to us, we're building on 3 pillars of our growth strategy, which are to grow profitably in our core business through brands innovation, to grow in new and emerging markets, and when it meets our strict shareholder criteria, to grow through M&A. Our primary focus remains on the first of these pillars, as we continue to invest in our key brands and fill our innovation pipeline and core markets. We will increase our investment behind our brands to drive top line growth and take advantage of changing consumer taste and new market segments as they emerge.  Our approach to global organic growth is based on disciplined market development, strong strategic partnerships and sound investments in our brands. These growth strategies, paired with a disciplined cash use and cost management, will drive profit, cash flow and long-term value for shareholders.  Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours. Also, at 2 p.m. Eastern time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. That call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. So at this point, Martina, can we open it for the questions please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: First, I guess, just in terms of the Canada performance, it sounds like the fourth quarter share was a little bit softer, so any color as to the competitive dynamics and how you're thinking about your ability to hold onto the pricing in that market. And it sounds like January trend, even excluding the extra week impact, was also still somewhat softer, so what are you seeing just in terms of the most recent trend there as well?
Peter S. Swinburn: I'll let Dave do the detail on that, but I mean, the one thing I would point out, Judy, is that if you look at the total year, then we've certainly seen improvement in Canada in the second half, from an industry basis point of view, which we're pleased to say. And also, as I called out, we're very pleased with our premium portfolio performance in Canada as well. But, Dave, do you want to talk to the specifics?
David Perkins: Yes, for sure. It's Dave. So, yes, what we've seen in Q4 was strong industry performance, up 1.8% when you take out the 53rd week impact. So we've had 2 quarters in a row that feel good. We've had good weather through those 6 months, but certainly I think, some of the value offerings and innovation that have gone into the market have made a difference. Consumer behavior seems to be changing. I think the folks are loosening up a little bit on their wallets, and so that's playing true well for us. In terms of the competitive environment, pricing bids continue to be very competitive right across the country through Q4. Consumers continue to respond to that activity. December is, obviously, a pretty important month, and I think, with the slow start to the year with the first half being soft, we did see a spike in activity and pricing activity in December, not to be unexpected. We gave up the 0.5 share point that you've referenced, that largely comes from our unsupported brands. Innovation continued to deliver about 3 share points for us in the quarter, which is really good. As Peter referenced, our import performance, which I had called out in Q3, as the softness actually strengthened up for us in Q4 so that was good to see. And if you look at the 10 or 11 brands that we put our focus behind, we grew a share or volume on all but 2 and we're able to get price increases through as well, so I feel good on that. Coors Light in Québec, we gave up a marginal amount of market share because of competitive pricing. But Coors Light grew in the rest of the country. So overall, I think as we continue to play with the price and volume balance, it feels like we have it about right, but no doubt it's a competitive environment there and we'll continue to focus on that.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just following up the unsupported brands as a portion of your portfolio, can you quantify how big that is, and is that sort of a drag in terms of the share performance going forward or just in the fourth quarter given the competitive activity at the value end that just got hurt more.
David Perkins: Well, we've seen softness on the unsupported brands right through the year. They would likely -- I don't have a precise number for you, but I would say probably high single-digit or very low double-digit as a percent of our portfolio. And -- so what we try to do with those brands is migrate the drinkers through to the brands that we support over time. As far as your question on January, I mean, January is a small month for us. We are down low single-digit, so far, when you take out the 53rd week impact. It's difficult to establish a real pattern so far. There are some things in the market that feel good to me in terms of the pricing environment. We'll see how they play out through the rest of the quarter, but in the West, we have seen some selective price increases that seem to be in the right direction. In Québec, we've seen -- but not brewer-instigated price changes, but retailer price increases, which I think were a positive sign. So there is some encouraging news there.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Stewart, just on the free cash flow generation in 2011, just in terms of the miss versus your target, just can you elaborate on some of the buckets, where that shortfall came from. And then, obviously, we'll wait for your March meeting, but just broadly speaking in 2012, it sounds like maybe you're making additional pension contributions. So your ability to sort of step up the cash flow side, and then the buyback, obviously, the pace seems to have slowed down in the fourth quarter, is that sort of indicative of maybe cash generation in 2012 potentially being a little bit more subdued than what you've previously thought?
S. F. Glendinning: Let me take those, Judy. So first, let's take the buyback first. I wouldn't necessarily connect those dots. We'll say that we bought back almost $325 million worth of shares, that's a huge chunk of money back to shareholders. It still left us with some almost $900 million in cash, which we think is an appropriate level. And we have said that we'd like to maintain flexibility, that's the reason I wouldn't necessarily connect any other dots, as you say, we will share with you, in a couple of weeks when we are in New York, our guidance for 2012 and we'll be prepared to explain all the details around that. With respect to the miss, we did call on the third quarter, as we saw the year turning out a little bit tougher than we expected, that we expect to be at the lower end of the range. Then, in fact, it was true, that played out, but what also played out were some timing items on working capital, and we expect some of that to come back in the next year. So if you'd looked at that, just to sort of dimensionalize that, somewhere in the $40 million to $50 million range, which explains the difference between the bottom of the range and the number we ended up with.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Dave, I wanted to talk a little bit more about Canada. And I was wondering, the comments you just made about feeling a little better about the pricing environment, and you remarked that Quebec, the retailers have started taking some incremental pricing. Can you talk a little bit more about Québec, specifically, and anything else that leads to that comment about the pricing environment?
David Perkins: Yes, so in Québec what we've seen, Mark, is that almost all of the major retailers have moved away from the minimum price, have moved away from that floor, and generally are up about $1 a case, a case being at 24, from that level, and that's just happened in recent weeks. And so we'll see consumer reaction and how that plays out, but that feels good. And then in Western Canada, it's really selective price increases that we or other brewers have been pursuing, that would reflect a strengthening environment there. In Ontario, the next catalyst to any pricing change would be the increase, the index increase for the minimum price. So on an annual basis, the minimum price has increased by, I think, it's a weighted average of the prior 3 years CPI. And in Québec, the beginning of the second quarter, there is also a CPI adjustment to the minimum price there.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: In what month again?
David Perkins: That would be in April in Québec, and it's in late March or early April in Ontario.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And as we think about -- I mean, a month is only a month, but as we think about the portfolio kind of in recent months, if you will, it sounds like the share performance has been a little softer than what you would like. You mentioned these unsupported brands, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the evolution and trends for Coors Light, specifically, and Canadian, specifically?
David Perkins: Yes, Canadian continues to hold or grow share so the brand's performance is strong. It will be receiving pretty significant support behind the NHL property as we go through into the playoffs this year. So new piece of news on that brand, which, I think, will be really positive for it. We weren't able to activate heavily in the tail end of 2011 because of some legal uncertainty that you'd be aware of, and so certainly, as we go into this year, you're going to see strong activation there behind Canadian. All the equity tracking that we're doing is very positive, so we're seeing the equity scores on the brand move up at rates that we haven't seen before. Coors Light continues to be a very strongly rated brand in our consumer tracking. As I said in the fourth quarter, it grew or held share everywhere but Québec, where there was some pricing challenges that caused a minor erosion of market share. But Coors Light continues to be a strong brand for us, and there's no question, moving forward, that the thing that is very important for us is the performance of those 2 brands. There's a number of other things we do in our portfolio around the above-premium brands and the Six Pints and so on, but we really have to have that strengths from Canadian and Coors Light, they'll both benefit from the NHL exploitation. They will both benefit from innovation going forward. So the plan feels strong, the equity measures look good and the performance is good, along with NSR increases, which is really important.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's great. So it really does sound like that -- that maybe the unexpected to-do item is these unsupported brands as you head into '12, is that a fair characterization?
David Perkins: Yes, I mean, look, the losses are happening on the unsupported brands. The reality is that we need accelerated growth on Canadian and Coors Light to offset those declines. I don't want to try to slow the declines on brands that don't matter to our future. It's how do we feed our major brands with the volume that comes out of those. And, as I say, innovation, hockey program and just good solid marketing and day-to-day sales execution are the things that are going to make the difference for us on that. And so we're pushing into those brands really hard, and they'll make the difference for us. So we always have the price volume balance that we can play with. We've been tracking some share loss through 2011 knowingly and we do believe that our brand need to get NSR growth. And -- so we'll continue to play with that balance, but I feel pretty good about the balance right now, actually, and I think it's really for our marketing programs to continue to accelerate the performance on Canadian and Coors Light.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's great, and if I could, finally on that. I don't know, Peter, if this is for you, but you've drawn our attention to the importance of marketing dollars not only in quality, but it sounds like in quantity. And I know you're not going to give us a percentage increase, but could you talk, maybe just directionally, about how you're thinking about the absolute level of support in the market of Canada today versus a year ago or even a few years ago, given the dynamics that have played out at the consumer and competitive level.
Peter S. Swinburn: Two things, first of all, we try to make it very clear in the script that we recognize that we've got to grow the top line of this business. I think there's probably 3 areas that we're focused on. One, obviously, is the more dynamic area around crafts. And I think we've done a good job, whether we look at the U.S., with Blue Moon, Leinenkugel; as you look at Canada, with Creemore, Granville Island, Rickard's; if you look at the U.K., with Doom Bar, if I can be really knock that out of the court to be honest with you, but it's a small part of the overall portfolio. We talked about adjacencies or the impact of wines and spirits, and I think we feel really good about the innovative ideas that we have to address some of that space. So, again, we're pleased with that, but, really, the biggest U.S. [ph], as Dave has called out is we got to get our power brands moving forward, and that's Miller Lite, Coors Light, Carling and Canadian. And that's what'll make the difference, and so we want to put our marketing dollars behind those, as well as innovation. To give you some scale, it's difficult, it'll be a minimum of $30 million, really depends on how much we put behind innovation at the top end of the scale, so I think I'll leave it at that, if that's okay, if that helps.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, so you're saying on those brands, on a combined basis, an incremental $30 million versus last year.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, as a minimum.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: At least as a minimum, great. And then just more on the modeling side, that's helpful. But over on the modeling side, Stewart, the pension up -- I'm not sure I even got it right, but I think you're saying pension up $80 million, is that the right number? And can you just give us the replay there on the amount by region?
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes -- not, Mark, sorry, can I just come back, because you did reference Canada. My $2 billion [ph] is talking about the total business, okay.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Across regions, right. And that's on a 42% basis for the U.S. or that's excluding the...
Peter S. Swinburn: That excludes the U.S., I'm sorry...
S. F. Glendinning: So, Mark, let me just make everything clearer. So just to recap, what we said is that the U.K. will increase $10 million year-over-year. That'll move from a pension benefit, up $7 million in 2011 to $3 million of expense this year, $10 million year-over-year, then. In Canada, we expect expense to increase by $20 million from 2011, and then in the U.S., we actually expect a decrease of about $15 million on an underlying basis. So just ignore the $22 million that we saw come through this year, it was a special charge related to a multi-employee pension plan. So take those 3 things together and then you end up with about a $15 million year-over-year total for the company. $80 million is the total expense for the [indiscernible].
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher from JPMorgan.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just want to follow up on a comment you had made in the prepared remarks, where you talked about 2012 being just as difficult as 2011, and just wanted to get a better handle on, is that from a market development standpoint, is that from an overall financial performance standpoint. I wasn't quite sure exactly where you were sort of taking us with that comment.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, John. Thanks for giving us the opportunity to expand on it. All we're trying to lay out there is when we look at the external environment, we certainly don't see things getting worse, but we certainly don't see them getting better to any great extent. If I had to put money on either side of that, and probably we expect it to get slightly better, but most importantly, not worse. That means that 2012 externally looks the same to us as 2011. Within that, however, we will continue to focus on what we think is important. I'll go back to the comments I just made to Mark about focusing on our core brands, especially the big brands and putting money behind that to actually generate top line growth. Does that help?
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It does and then I guess, the next question would be sort of -- and I know you guys don't give guidance, if the markets are about the same from your financial stand -- I mean, we're expecting tax to go up. Do you feel like your financial performance can be similar in 2012 as it was in 2011?
Peter S. Swinburn: That sounds like guidance to me, John.
S. F. Glendinning: I always say, it's not true we don't give any guidance. Of course, we do give guidance around MG&A and around our tax rate, and around the capital spending, around our COGS, it's some important elements. What we don't give is guidance around our top line.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Watson from HSBC.
James Watson - HSBC, Research Division: I had a quick follow-up on Canada. First, just about the competitive environment. I was hoping you could break it down a little more in terms of whether the competition -- the competitive pricing is more on the value segment, which I might imagine is your unsupported brands the ones struggling, and I imagine those are skewed towards value as well. And if you could just break down value versus premium and maybe smaller competitors versus your main competitor in the competition.
David Perkins: Yes, all right. On the pricing, it really comes into play at the premium and the above-premium level, it's actually rather than value, I mean, value tends to sit down close to the minimum price, anyway, so you will have some movement there, but the majority of the pricing action that we see is in the mainstream and above. And I would say it was across-the-board when you look at the competitive environment. We do see the smaller regional and national brewers active in this area on an ongoing basis, but certainly I would say through the fourth quarter and into December, it was fairly broad-based as opposed to regionally and across the industry.
James Watson - HSBC, Research Division: Okay. Are the price gaps between value, premium and above-premium staying about the same, then?
David Perkins: Yes, there hasn't been any fundamental shifts in that. There are certainly is, anytime there's a major price promotion going on in a market. You may see above-premium come down -- and this isn't just brewer action, it is sometimes retailer action. So, for instance, in Québec in December, the retailers used the above-premium import brands as traffic builders, and so you'll see a fair amount of discounting there. And they'll come down fairly close to the price of our regular brands, and so it varies by region, what you actually see. But generally, the price gaps, on an ongoing basis, are holding up and we're seeing the action, as I say, in the premium and above-premium.
James Watson - HSBC, Research Division: Great. And then I just had another question on the U.K. Also, on the pricing environment there, I just noticed that you guys had a 6% lower net pricing kind of on your core brands, and at the same time, great volume and share gains there. So I was just wondering, that almost sounds like just from those stands, that you guys are the ones discounting there in order to gain share. But if you could give me a little more background on that competitive environment and anything I might be sort of missing in that quick analysis.
Mark Hunter: It's Mark Hunter here. I mean, I think you have to set a little context here. We've had about 19 quarters of total pricing growth in the U.K. when you include mix on unit pricing, 17 quarters of pure unit price growth as we've come through 2011 through Q2 through to Q4, we've had to be a little more competitive in the marketplace. The U.K. market from a volume perspective remains challenging, and certainly from an off-trade perspective, we've seen that competition increase pretty significantly. So our strategy is very clear, which is about driving for revenue growth. Wherever possible driving for value ahead of volume, and we remain flexible and employ tactics where required. So we're very clear about what we're about as a business, and I think we're responding to the market on a real-time basis.
James Watson - HSBC, Research Division: Are there -- I mean we've seen a lot of quarterly swings throughout 2011, but just going into 2012 compared to kind of entering 2011, is there a significant shift in where this market is?
Mark Hunter: I don't think there's a significant shift. There's one dynamic that has moved, it has been, really, the softness in the off-trade market. There are volumes in the off-trade over the last year, so we've actually finished last year where our total industry was down on a full year basis about 3.5 points and off-premise was down 3.7, on-premise was down 3.4. Now that's the first time for a long time that I can remember the off-premise volumes actually being softer than the on-premise. I think it's too early to tell whether that's a sustaining trend but it's certainly interesting and a shift in dynamic.
Peter S. Swinburn: If I can just build on that, James, again, just to step back from the minutia a little bit, if you look at the U.K. market, it's still roughly 50-50 on-premise, off-premise. We have consistently grown share in the on-premise. That's where your brands are built and where your brands remain, and they're not susceptible to fluctuations or promotional pricing. In the off-premise, Mark and his team have been very diligent in terms of trying to move pricing up, but what you've seen is actually just the strength of our brands. When we choose to be competitive in that area, we actually do exceptionally well. And so we've always got that lever to pull if we choose to pull it. So strategically, we're in a very strong position in the U.K. as to which way we want to go, and I think Mark and his team have done a great job putting us in that position.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Bryan Spillane from Bank of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of questions around -- I just want to make sure I captured some of the incremental costs for 2012. So pensions are an incremental $15 million, the tax rate's going to be higher, and then the corporate MG&A, I think if I took it down right, it's $115 million. Does that compare to -- what number does that compare to for 2011, is it $104 million?
S. F. Glendinning: It's going to be $12 million higher. And I guess, the only real difference in corporate this year is to point out that there's about $1 million that's in there that's related to the 53rd week. So that'll be the only small thing to point out, but [indiscernible] the actual year-over-year versus $103 million is the number to point to.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then Resources for Growth were about $60 million of contribution in 2011, is that right?
S. F. Glendinning: There's $60 million of savings in 2011, and another $24 million to go in 2012. Based on the current program, let me be specific about that.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And so we may hear more about something more incremental on that in March?
S. F. Glendinning: Wait to see how we frame it up in March, but, yes, the current program has $24 million still to go.
Bryan D. Spillane - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just, I guess, in terms of looking at gross profits for next year, gross margins for next year, is -- do you have all the pricing in place that you need at this point to cover your cost of goods per hectoliter outlook and also just how volatile could your cost of goods be, how much of your costs are locked in at this point?
Peter S. Swinburn: I'll let Stewart take what's been locked in, but we've given guidance on our COGS. But I'm not going to give guidance on our top line pricing. We'll let you sort of work through that.
S. F. Glendinning: The only thing I would say is that U.S. is taking pricing at the end of the year, and U.K. is also taking some pricing. So we'll have to see how that plays out during the year, but as Peter says, we're not going to give any guidance on what we might do over the course of this year. With respect to COGS, we don't give real guidance in terms of what specifically is locked. What I will say is that in the marketplace, you are seeing the pressure from some of the brewing materials and continued fuel pressure, I mean, that's publicly available data. What is important is that you just reflect on the mix and how that's impacting our business. So I don't think you see as much volatility in parts of our business because of our hedging. We will be subjected to these broad inflationary pressures, which we haven't baked into the COGS numbers that we've given you. And because of the mix differential in our various businesses, so, for example, Canada uses a high percentage of returnable packaging, whereas the U.S. is almost all nonreturnable packaging. That's the reason we give you COGS by the year to help you model that.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. I turn the call back over to Mr. Swinburne for closing remarks.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Martina. And thank you, everybody, for your interest in Molson Coors and for the questions. And we look forward to speaking to all of you in New York in March. Thanks very much, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: S. F. Glendinning - Chief Financial Officer David Perkins - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Canada and President of Molson Coors Canada John E. Cleghorn - Director, Member of Audit Committee and Member of Nominating Committee Peter S. Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Carlos A. LaBoy - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division James Watson - HSBC, Research Division Karen Lamark - Federated Investors Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Before we begin, I will paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of the factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made.  Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call, and from time to time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period in U.S. dollars.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Melissa. Hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Stewart Glendinning, Molson Coors' CFO; Dave Perkins, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors U.K.; Kandy Anand, President of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors' Chief Legal Officer; Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors VP of Investor Relations. And I also want to welcome Zahir Ibrahim as our new Controller. Zahir replaces Bill Waters, who is now VP of Corporate Strategy for Molson Coors.  On the earnings call today, Stewart and I will take you through highlights of our third quarter 2011 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective on the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, our company underlying aftertax earnings decreased 11%. We continue to face high unemployment among core beer consumers, lower volume and significant commodity inflation. What's new in the third quarter is additional MG&A expense in the U.S. and incremental weakness in the U.K. market. While the MillerCoors MG&A increase was anticipated, we did not expect the degree of softness in the U.K. market.  Despite these challenges, in the third quarter, we continued to focus on our 3 growth strategies of maximizing profitable growth opportunities in our core markets, accelerating our push into new and emerging markets to grow our brands globally, and looking for M&A opportunities to generate shareholder value. In our core markets, we have continued to focus on brands and innovation. In Canada, we built on the rollout of Molson Canadian 67 Sublime, Miller Chill Lemon and Rickard's Blonde. In the U.S., Blue Moon and Leinenkugel again led the class segment with double-digit growth, while Coors Light grew both volume and market share. In the U.K., we updated the Carling branding and introduced 2 new brands, Carling Chrome and Animée, a beer designed to appeal to women, along with innovative and aluminum bottles for Carling, Coors Light and Caffrey's.  Along with brand and innovation results during the quarter, we delivered $29 million in cost reductions between the RFG2 savings and our 42% share of MillerCoors cost reductions. Our international group continued to push into priority, new and emerging markets, with investments behind Coors Light, Carling, Cobra and other brands. International business volume was 50% higher in the third quarter, driven by the addition of the Si'hai brands in China and the Modelo brands in Japan, along with growth of Carling in Europe and Coors Light in Latin America and China. The new Cobra India joint venture is off to a good start, as is the introduction of Carling in the Ukraine. Regarding the China JV, as we mentioned in the last quarter, progress has been slower than planned as we work through integration issues.  During the past 4 years, we have used that cash for growth opportunities that strengthen our balance sheet and to double our dividends per share. In the third quarter, we further strengthened our balance sheet by settling 1/4 of our cross currency swaps for approximately $100 million and paid down the outstanding Ontario Beer Store debt with $94 million in cash. In addition, following on the announcement of our $1.2 billion stock repurchase plan in August, we viewed the recent market weakness as an opportunity for us to get a fast start on the buyback program. Over the past quarter, we repurchased approximately 6.3 million shares for $271 million. Stewart will provide more details in a few minutes.  So with that as an update of our strategic growth, focused on our new share repurchase program, I'll turn it over to Stewart to give third quarter financial highlights. Stewart, over to you.
S. F. Glendinning: Thanks, Peter. Hello, everyone. In the third quarter financial highlights, so world beer volume for Molson Coors declined 0.8%, driven by continued volume weakness in the U.S. and U.K. Nonetheless, total company net sales increased 9.1% due to foreign currency movements, international growth and the addition of contract brewing sales and new brands this year. Net sales per hectoliter increased 8.5% in the quarter. On the bottom line, underlying aftertax income of $212.4 million or $1.14 per diluted share was 11.2% lower than a year ago, driven by lower sales volumes and higher commodity inflation and other costs, partially offset by favorable foreign currency movements and the results of our cost savings initiatives.  It is important to note that our third quarter underlying earnings excludes some special and other non-core gains, losses and expenses that net to a $26.8 million pretax charge. These adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results are described in detail in the earnings release we distributed this morning.  In segment performance highlights, starting with Canada. Underlying pretax income increased 0.2% to $162.3 million. Increased net pricing, MG&A expense, reductions and favorable foreign currency were offset by cost inflation and asset value and cost adjustments. These results include an $8 million benefit from a 7% year-over-year increase in the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar. Sales-to-retail or STRs declined 0.6% in the third quarter, largely due to increased competitive price discounting in key regions. Our market share declined approximately 0.5 a share point from a year ago, which was driven by a challenging comparison versus the third quarter last year when we grew market share by almost a full point. Net sales per hectoliter increased nearly 4% in local currency, with 1/3 of this driven by continued positive pricing and the remainder due to the addition of North American Breweries or NAB contract brewing sales this year. Cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 16% in local currency, driven by 3 roughly equal factors: one, input inflation; two, the cost of brewing beer under our NAB contract; and three, asset value adjustments this year and cycling one-time cost reductions last year. Local currency, marketing, general and administrative expense decreased, largely due to lower overhead expenses in the quarter.  Moving to our U.S. segment. Underlying pretax income decreased 16.3% to $120.6 million in the third quarter, driven by lower volume and higher costs, which more than offset positive pricing, favorable brand mix and cost savings. Domestic STRs decreased 2% in the quarter, while sales to wholesalers declined 4.7%, with the variance to STRs driven by the timing of shipments last year. Domestic net revenue per hectoliter for MillerCoors, which excludes contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, increased 1.8% in the quarter. Meanwhile, cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 3.2% as higher freight, fuel, packaging, fixed-cost deleverage and an out-of-period depreciation charge of $5.2 million were partially offset by cost savings. MG&A expenses increased 3.2% in the third quarter, primarily due to higher information systems and marketing expense, along with an out-of-period depreciation charge of $7.3 million.  In our U.K. business, third quarter underlying pretax income decreased 25.3% to $27.4 million due to overall lower volumes, a lower net pricing and higher marketing investments and operation costs. The British pound appreciated 4% versus the U.S. dollar, which improved pretax earnings by approximately $1 million. STRs decreased 2.9% due to a weak U.K. market impacted by the economic climate, along with the temporary off-premise volume reduction in our business.  Overall industry volumes increased 1.6% from a year ago. Our business grew share and net price in the on-premise channel, but share and price declined in the off-premise as we transition through some channel and customer dynamics. Owned brand net sales per hectoliter increased 5% in local currency, with 6% driven by positive sales mix in the quarter, especially the addition of the Modelo brands. Net pricing was 1% lower than last year, impacted by increasingly competitive market dynamics and adverse customer mix in the off-premise. Total cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 10% in local currency, primarily due to the addition of the Modelo brands. Other factors include input inflation, fixed-cost deleverage from lower volumes and expenses related to a major information system implementation.  Marketing, general and administrative expenses declined nearly 7% in local currency due to lower employee incentive and pension expense, partially offset by higher marketing expenses -- investments.  The international and corporate segment posted an underlying loss of $58.1 million pretax in the third quarter. This $3.5 million (sic) [$3.6 million] increase was driven by the impact of a weak U.S. dollar on interest expense. The $7.2 million underlying pretax loss in the international business was $1.4 million higher than a year ago, primarily due to investments in our Ukraine, India, China and Russia businesses. The international business grew volume 50% in the third quarter.  Underlying free cash flow for the first 3 quarters of this year was $464 million, which was made up of $603 million of operating cash flow, including $372 million from MillerCoors, plus $17 million of proceeds from the Foster's swap unwind and asset sales, minus $126 million of capital spending and $30 million of cash invested in MillerCoors. This underlying free cash flow is $207 million lower than in the first 3 quarters of last year, primarily due to one-time cash sources last year and higher capital spending and the timing of working capital this year. Our 2011 underlying free cash flow remains -- our goal remains $750 million plus or minus 10%, but we now believe that we will likely close out this challenging year in the lower half of the range. Please see our website for details regarding our adjustments to arrive at underlying free cash flow.  Regarding cash uses in the third quarter. Peter mentioned our stock buybacks, partial cut across currency swap retirement and the Ontario Beer Store debt paydown. Totaling more than $465 million, these cash uses strengthened our balance sheet and reduced our share count at an attractive price.  Here are the details regarding the buyback. During the third quarter, we bought back approximately 6.3 million Class B Common shares for $271.1 million in cash, which is approximately 23% of the total program authorization and roughly 3.5% of our outstanding Class B shares. As originally announced, we have been implementing this program opportunistically, with a goal of growing long-term shareholder value. We also recently added Class A Common shares to the buyback authorization. And there are fewer Class A shares available for repurchase on the open market, so we plan to continue to focus primarily on the repurchases of Class B Common shares. Meanwhile, the swap in debt retirements improve our debt ratios with the rating agency, and as always, all potential cash uses will be vetted by our disciplined process and must meet our firm criteria of providing a clear view to near-term earnings accretion and building long-term shareholder value.  Looking forward, we have not changed our 2011 guidance for pension contributions or corporate interest expense. Please refer to our May earnings call for our most recent guidance regarding these metrics. We are reducing our outlook for 2011 MG&A expense in the corporate and international segment to approximately $190 million. This $10 million reduction is driven by corporate cost reductions. Our full year capital spending outlook is now approximately $250 million, and this $20 million increase in guidance is driven half by foreign exchange movements and half by investments in our new Cobra India venture and Sharp's Brewery in the U.K. Note that this capital spending guidance excludes MillerCoors.  We are adjusting our outlook for the company's 2011 effective tax rate to a range of 12% to 16%, driven by the favorable resolution of unrecognized tax positions early in the fourth quarter. This new annual guidance, which is down from the 15% to 19% we estimated on our last earnings call, implies a fourth quarter effective tax rate in mid-single digits. Our expectation for our long-term effective tax rate remains a range of 22% to 26%.  Looking ahead, our cost outlook. In Canada, it continues to be, for 2011, all-in cost of goods sold to increase at a mid-single digit rate per hectoliter in local currency due to higher input inflation, distribution costs and the addition of the NAB contract volume this year. In the U.S., we continue to expect MillerCoors cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a low single-digit rate in 2011. In the U.K., we now expect our full year COGS per hectoliter to grow at a higher single-digit rate in local currency, driven by the addition of the Modelo brands this year.  One additional factor that will affect our fourth quarter results is the extra week that we will have at the end of our fiscal 2011. This will add a week's worth of volume and operating results to our fiscal fourth quarter this year.  At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for regional outlook, wrap up and the Q&A. Peter?
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Stewart. On Canada, we have now largely cycled last year's significant market share gains, which we anticipate will result in less challenging volume comparisons in the fourth quarter. Our focus remains to deliver profitable growth with an increasingly competitive environment. A recently favorable court ruling regarding our Canada partnership with the NHL has allowed us to move ahead with activating the sponsorship, which will provide us greater access to the market and drive relevance for our brands among a very important consumer group. We will continue to expand our bulk premium business to further geographic expansion of Creemore and Granville Island brands through Six Pints, our new craft and specialty group in Canada. We will also be expanding on-premise coverage through a new prestige sales force.  For the second consecutive year, we have been recognized as one of the top 100 employers in Canada, selected as a top 50 engage workplace from I Love Rewards and this year, we have been ranked number 9 out of 150 companies by Ramster Canada.  In the U.S., we are committed to driving brand growth and profit by executing on our 7 major initiatives nationwide. These are focused strategies to drive distribution, floor displays, convenience store single-serve packages, Blue Moon seasonals, premium lights and Mexican soccer, winning some of the premium lights and on-premise execution.  On our brands, we're taking a hard look at every aspect of our Miller Lite marketing and will continue to evolve our chased [ph] and masculinity message and deliver it with an even broader communications platform. Innovations, such as our aluminum pint, Vortex Bottle and chased [ph] activated glass have been received well by consumers and will continue to be a focus. We're also increasing our advertising and focusing on our 11 Miller Lite NFL alliance teams, and we're focusing on college football and unveiling a new innovation with the Miller Lite chased float can. With Coors Lite, our super cold activation has been well received by consumers. We are also focused on football for the remainder of the year, along with Hispanic soccer, with the launch of Coors Light Funache Sors Del Fio [ph] website with promotional packaging and points of sale materials.  And finally, Tenth and Blake will continue to drive craft and import growth. The Blue Moon brands are up 24% year-to-date and our Leinenkugel Summer Shandy up more than 80% compared to last year. This helped us lead craft segment growth this summer. We will continue to drive momentum around Blue Moon with seasonals, such as Blue Moon spiced amber ale and the recent launch of a year-long campaign inviting consumers to help choose a new beer for the next lunar blue moon.  In the U.K., following the completion of our SAP system implementation this summer, the team focused on brand-building and innovation activities during the third quarter. This included the rebranding of Carling to give the U.K.'s largest beer brand new positioning, a new visual identity, and the launch of a new premium line extension called Carling Chrome. We also launched Animée, a beer with the delicious fresh taste that is available in 3 variations tailored to legal drinking aged women, and we launched Carling, Coors Light and Caffrey's in aluminum bottles.  Additionally, we recently announced a multiyear redevelopment program in our U.K. brewing network in order to improve our bottle innovation, flexibility and performance and enable us to deliver on our brand and innovation agenda. These changes will also bring significant environmental benefits, including helping to reduce packaging weight, save water and improve energy efficiency.  While driving brands and innovation in our core markets, our international team has been selectively but significantly expanding our international brand footprint and generating momentum in some of the top global growth markets. In addition to our partnerships in Russia, Spain and China, we have also entered into a commercial joint venture with leading brewer Obolon, in Ukraine, which is Eastern Europe's second-largest beer market. And finally, building on the success of our partnership in the U.K., we are ramping up our new Cobra beer joint venture in India, which is the world's fastest-growing beer market and represents an exciting opportunity for us to expand our footprint in Asia. As we have mentioned previously, our international group is increasing investments in high potential markets, with the goal of becoming a significant contributor to total company top line and bottom line growth in 5 years or less.  Finally, the following are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the fourth quarter. In Canada, our sales-to-retail for 4 weeks ended October 22 increased at a low-single digit rate versus a year ago. In the U.S., for the 3 weeks ended October 22, MillerCoors STRs declined in the mid-single digit rate. In the first 4 weeks of the quarter, our U.K. STRs have increased at a high-single digit rate, reflecting a reversal of the off-premise channel dynamics that impacted our third quarter volume. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a small portion of the third quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead.  So to summarize our discussion today, Molson Coors third quarter underlying aftertax earnings decreased 11%, as we continue to face high unemployment among core beer consumers, lower volume and significant commodity inflation. New challenges included the MillerCoors MG&A increase and the degree of market softness in the U.K. Nonetheless, we continue to pursue all 3 of our growth strategies: maximizing the value of our core markets, expanding our exposure to emerging markets and taking advantage of smart M&A opportunities. With these strategies, profit and cash generation and our disciplined use of cash will remain tightly focused on building long-term value for our shareholders.  Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also at 2 p.m. Eastern time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. That call will also be available for you to hear by webcast on our website.  So at this point, Melissa, we'd like to open it up for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Carlos LaBoy.
Carlos A. LaBoy - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Peter, can you give us maybe some more insight on how you look at the trends in the U.K.? You've got some growth happening for the industry as a whole. The off-premise is growing and the on-premise slipping. If you can give us more granularity on that, it would be helpful.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, sure. I'll sort of give a summary, Carlos, and I'll pass it over to Mark, who can go into more detail for you. I think overall, what we've seen in the U.K. over the last 2 to 3 to 4 years, is a marketplace that, as you say, has continued to move from the on-premise to the off-premise, with the off-premise now being the majority of the market. Obviously, you know it's a very consolidated market at the retail end, both in the on and the off-premise. But equally, we're seeing consolidation around the brands as well, which is obviously positive for us. This particular issue, in the summer, was really, we just did not see a rebound in the market that we expected to see following the relatively easy comparisons with last year during the World Cup. So really, that's the backdrop to it. But I'll let Mark go into more detail.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Peter. Hi, Carlos. I think to your question, I'd take this in 2 parts. There's the long-term trend where we've seen beer volumes in the U.K. down circa just under 20% over the last 5 years. So beer, which is still the biggest category, is under a lot of pressure from other long alcoholic drinks, and wine in particular. And we're responding to that through things like Animée, which Peter mentioned, and looking for opportunities to really expand the relevance of the beer category. That's more of a medium to long-term ambition and aspiration and one which I think is wholly appropriate. If you look at what happened over the summer, to Peter's point, we'd seen the market down about 10% last year in the quarter. This year, it only rebounded by about 1.5%. I think the good news is, as a business, we've now seen about 19 quarters of pricing growth. We've seen our shares stable since Q2 of 2010. We grew our share in the on-premise through the third quarter and have actually grown our on-premise shares through Q1, Q2 and Q3 of this year. We've found the off-premise more challenging through the third quarter. A good performance in the multiple grocers and more challenging performance in the convenience channel. And some of that was to do with the phasing in relation to some customer discussions. The positive sign, as we've gone into the fourth quarter, we've seen our STRs up to high-single digit growth. So some of that phasing challenge has started to come back. I think there are 2 quite distinct challenges here. One is the short-term piece, which I've talked to, which I think we'll bounce back from. There is a longer-term challenge in the beer category and one which ourselves and the whole of the industry is dealing with or attempting to deal with.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Judy Hong.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess first, just in terms of Canada, maybe you could talk a little bit more about your share performance in the context of the competitive backdrop. You talked about the challenging year-over-year comparisons, but sequentially, your share also declined by about more than 150 basis points or so. So I just wanted to get your perspective of what happened with the competitive backdrop and then your share performance in the context.
David Perkins: Judy, it's Dave. Just on the sequential share in Q3, it was more or less flat with Q2 and Q1. So I just want to correct that first.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The absolute share level, Dave?
David Perkins: Yes, the absolute share level in Q3 would be within 1/10 of a point of what we've seen in the first half of the year. Okay? Okay. So just with that corrected, let me give you a perspective then on share. I mean, we're not where we want to be yet. We did go down 1/2 a share point in the quarter. That having been said, as Stewart referenced, we were cycling almost a share point increase prior year. What I do like in what I see about our market share is, first of all, the fact that we have remained essentially stable on a sequential basis while growing our NSR per hectoliter. We've also outpaced the market with Canadian trademark, Coors Light, Rickard's, Keystone and our craft brands. So we've seen a number of our strategic brands actually growing share in the quarter, which feels very good to me. Innovation has delivered about 3 share points again. So that will be consistent with recent quarters and I think is a positive sign. Where we've lag the market is really in the imports and unsupported brands. Unsupported brands, not concerned about that, and on the import front, we're working to put plans in place for the future to strengthen the performance of those brands. But overall, there's a lot to like, I think, in the market share performance in the quarter. You also touched on sort of the competitive context and I'd just say the market does remain very, very competitive right across the country, as I noted last quarter. I think in terms of changes that we're seeing, Judy, in the West, I would say pricing is firming up somewhat. So we feel good about some things we're seeing there. In Québec, we've actually seen discounting increased. We're paying close attention to that. We've made some adjustments in our price volume balance and we'll continue to do that as we need to. Ontario appears pretty stable. So seeing some regional variation, but a very competitive market. Consumers continue to respond to value, as you'd expect in this environment.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on the cost side, your cost per barrel, up 16% in local currency. Even if you account for the cycling of the benefit last year, it just looks like the underlying -- maybe the input cost inflation just came in a lot higher than what you have seen in the first half of the year. And then if I take Stewart's guidance for the full year, it actually implies, Q4, you could see maybe even a decline in cost per barrel. So I'm just trying to understand the context of 3Q and then sort of the implication versus the full-year guidance.
David Perkins: Yes, let me take a stab at that. So the increase that we've seen in COGS in the current quarter's driven by 3 factors, and they're roughly equal in size. One is the input inflation, which accounts for about 1/3. That's from rising commodities, barley, aluminum and fuel in particular. A third is related to the NAB contract production. And then 1/3 is related to 2 items: one is the effect of adjusting to an asset value this year for about $6 million and the effect of cycling last year's one-time reduction that was equal to about 3 percentage points on our COGS. So those are the 3 items. As it relates to the full year, the perspective I'd give you is, year-to-date, our COGS per hectoliter would be up high-single digits. We currently expect our Q4 COGS will bring our full year down to the high end of the mid-single digit range. And that's primarily because we're not expecting additional one-time items and we're also expecting some improvement in sales mix, and that's really import domestic mix for us. Does that help you?
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. And then on the input cost side, so is it correct for us to assume, because in the first half I think commodities were up 2.5% to 3%. It looks like in Q3, it was maybe closer to 5%, 5.5%, if I take your comment.
David Perkins: That's correct.
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. And then, Stewart, just in terms of the share buyback, I think you've talked about sort of desire to be opportunistic with the buyback program, but certainly in Q3, it seems like the amount that you bought back was probably greater than what we've anticipated. So just maybe help us with how you're thinking about timing in which you're trying to complete the program and then how does that -- sort of that Class A being included sort of influence the share buyback decision?
S. F. Glendinning: Judy, I can't help but start by pointing out that I haven't had any complaints about the too much until now. But I...
Judy E. Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: No, no complaints, just a comment.
S. F. Glendinning: No, I think -- look, as I shared last quarter, we are going to be opportunistic. We're going to buy back the shares as we see the greatest opportunity to create value for shareholders. And we do have sort of a roughly 3-year period over which we expect to execute this. And we said last quarter that we weren't going to share our specific trading strategies. So I really am not in a place where I can say, "Oh, we're going to spend this amount next quarter and this amount in the following quarter." We're going to balance our cash needs as always, as we've done to this point, based on balance sheet requirements, based on opportunities to grow in the marketplace and based on, broadly, opportunities to create shareholder value. If you look back in this quarter, we saw it as an excellent opportunity to deploy a fairly healthy amount of cash. We had a good amount of cash on the balance sheet and we thought that the share price was attractively priced.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Farmer.
Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just going back to Canada for a second, I'm curious what the precedent is for the aggressive price discounting you've seen, particularly in Québec? Does that run its course over 2 or 3 quarters or how long should we expect that to continue? What have you seen in the past?
David Perkins: The past won't necessarily be a good predictor. What we've seen is, through the last 2 or 3 quarters, there has been an increase in discounting in Québec. And I'd say it's a competitive -- a very competitive market now. What happens in the future is beyond my control in total and so it's very difficult to speculate. I think the fundamental that is driving the increased activity is likely the weaker industry that we had through the beginning of the year.
Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then sticking with Canada, but shifting to advertising, obviously you've made comments on the discounting front, but have you seen the advertising intensity pick up over the last couple of quarters, especially from, I would say, your primary competitor?
David Perkins: The level of brand-building activity seems fairly consistent, fairly constant to me, so nothing that is out of the ordinary, nor is it being dialed back.
Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then final question for me, and I apologize if you touched on this, but in terms of the benefit of the 53rd week in the year, did you comment on what that might mean to EPS in 2011?
S. F. Glendinning: We haven't given any -- we won't give any guidance relative to what that will mean for 2011. But I will say that, in the fourth quarter, when we release our earnings, we'll be sure to comment on its influence on the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on the tax rate guidance. Not that I'm looking for you guys to pay more in taxes than you have to from that standpoint. But when you talk about the long-term tax rate, I guess the question is sort of what -- how do you define long term? And how should we really look as we map out estimates over the next couple of years to try to figure out where the cash flows are going to be, et cetera? What's your thought in terms of how long it's going to take you guys to get back up to what you call the normalized tax rate?
S. F. Glendinning: John, difficult -- well, first of all, we really won't give any specific guidance about when we think it will come to pass but we'll reach that. But what is longer term, I'd look out sort of out to 4, 5 years. And I expect that over that -- between now and then, we will see our rates increase. And so this is one of the reasons why we try to give guidance each year, during the year, to help with where our tax rates are going to go. As you know, there's been a fair amount of volatility and even that volatility we can't plan for, because the outcomes of various tax positions are resolved by closed audits. And we take a position that we think is sensible. We give you the guidance at the beginning of the year and then we update it during the course of the year. So again, look out 3, 4, 5 years. That's sort of as we get to the longer-term, and you should expect to see, from this point on, we see increasing rates over that timeframe.
John A. Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. So it won't just be one sort of big step -- it will be more like a step function as opposed to one big sort of push up from that standpoint? As far as you can tell at this point.
S. F. Glendinning: Yes, that's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg.
S. F. Glendinning: Mark, before you ask your question, just to John's point, in terms of step up, when we have one-time volatility like we did have, that we'll see this year, yes, you will see some step up from that artificially low rate. But if you look back over the last couple of years, we'll see a gradual increase. I just want to make that point clear.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Stewart, a question for you and then over to you, Dave, if I could, on Canada. But that $51 million write-down related to -- or maybe write-down is not the right word, but the planned assumption of a multi-employer pension plan for brewery workers, can you give us some color on why that's happening and whether we should expect any similar charges going forward?
S. F. Glendinning: Yes. First, I don't think you should expect similar charges going forward. This was a bit of a one-off. And this plan was a multi-employer plan where we were basically the only employer in the plan. So as we looked at it and the discussions we've had, Gavin pointed out this morning that we've highlighted it in the past, our goal was to -- we thought the best way to handle it was to merge it with our existing -- with one of our existing plans. The merger of that plan triggers the charge, but it fundamentally hasn't changed the real obligations of the organization. And we were always going to be obligated to that multi-employer plan.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Got it, great. And then, Dave, as we try to and you try to figure out when you get to that inflection in terms of profit trend, local currency, in Canada, I guess we've had 3 quarters now of high-single digits, maybe upper-single-digit rates of decline in pretax income in Canada, local currency. Do you think the worst is behind you when you try to just add all these things up? Is it just too hard to call? It seems like the pricing environment is getting better, the volume picture is improving. It seems like there's reason to think that the coming quarters will be better than the last year. Is that a fair view?
David Perkins: Well, that is probably bordering on guidance on this, but some of the factors that we've seen, I mean in the most recent quarter, our EBIT was down about 5.2% for the business unit, so mid-single digit. As I look at what's going on in the market, as I say, it's remaining a very competitive market. We saw the industry perform better in this most recent quarter than has been the case for a little while. We did have very strong, very good weather in most parts of the country. And in the one region where the weather wasn't in our favor, we did see continued decline in the industry. So I just recognize the role that weather plays on the upside, sometimes in the same way that it played a negative role for us in Q2. So, look, it's going to come down to the health of the industry as we go forward. As Mark referenced for the U.K., we're certainly pushing into the challenge of strengthening the beer category in Canada with broader targeting of consumers that we go after, with innovation, with expanded occasions that we're developing for beer. But that is a longer-term play, I think, when you look at it realistically. So we just need to stay focused on the fundamentals of ensuring that we have a strong brand portfolio, that we're doing the right things for the fundamental health of the industry and then we'll see where that takes us.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Right. And if I could follow on that. The NHL sponsorship, how impactful do you think that is to your share performance and how costly is it relative to what your costs have been?
David Perkins: Well, the cost of the NHL deal is fully absorbed in existing marketing and sales budgets. So it's not onerous in that sense. I wouldn't take some of the descriptors that you've seen in the press, probably, on the deal. It's a very reasonable deal for us. It's one that we feel will be an important part of building the health of our portfolio. So we're really excited about it. The impact of that deal has not yet kicked in, in the sense of driving our business. So that's ahead of us. That's an opportunity ahead of us. But, no, we feel very good about it. I mean, hockey is something that is very central to the Canadian culture and really helps us with the Molson Canadian and the Coors Light brand.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of James Watson.
James Watson - HSBC, Research Division: I had a question, I wanted to hear a little bit more about the premium market in Canada. Specifically, kind of compared to the U.S., where we've heard a lot more about the Tenth and Blake operation, and just in terms of what you're doing with the prestige sales force and the size of the opportunity and how quickly you can start to realize some of that.
David Perkins: Okay, so James, we're seeing growth in Canada in what we call the above premium market that is similar to the trends that you'd be familiar with from the U.S. I mean, there's a vibrant craft sector here. There are some strong above premium import brands. In recent months, we've seen some weakness in that import sector. I think that consumers are really watching their dollars in that sense. But overall, when you take a longer-term view, there's clearly a trend here that favors the above premium brands. So what we've done is set up a company called Six Pints that would be similar to Tenth and Blake. It has our 2 craft brands, Creemore and Granville Island, in there. And the prestige sales force is really a small supplemental sales force that will help us focus on smaller upscale accounts. So we want to extend our coverage. But that will help both the above premium portfolio of brands as well as even our mainstream scale brands. But no, we feel there's a meaningful opportunity in the above premium, and it's why we're setting up -- why we have set up a separate structure and we're pushing into that. So I think if you look at it in a similar manner as you do in the U.S., that would be fair.
James Watson - HSBC, Research Division: And in terms of a timeframe, so if this above premium had a greater growth rate, when do we start hearing about its effect on overall Canada volume or even on price mix in Canada?
David Perkins: Yes, I think it likely is in the area of mix that you hear about it. It'll play a role, I think, in category expansion. There's no doubt that there are some occasions that have gone to the wine and spirits sectors that we should be able to bring back to beer with some of the craft and the above premium import offerings that we have. But I would say the primary focus is really going to be in what we're able to do to premiumize the business. And look, this isn't a quick step up. This is something, as with category health, that over time it starts to make a difference. But to do it right, you do want to have some patience about you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Karen Lamark from Federated Investors Inc.
Karen Lamark - Federated Investors: I wanted to talk a little bit about your perspective on the balance between price and volume, particularly in the U.S. I appreciate the inflationary COGS and the need to balance price and mix, but pricing over the last several years has been elevated, and it looks like there's a heightened level of elasticity on the volume side, part of it probably going to wine and spirits. But at what point do you start to rethink your pricing posture and maybe moderate it a little bit?
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay, I think I'll pass that straight on to John, because I think you had a similar question this morning. John, do you want to pick that up?
John E. Cleghorn: Yes, it's a very important question. Our pricing strategy in the United States has been to pass along essentially inflationary costs. And before the joint venture, beer had under indexed the inflation in the United States. And since that time, we've just about passed on inflation. So there's a very consistent pricing policy, actually, in the U.S. Nevertheless, there is a price gap compression that we talked about at the top end, and we've had 2 really solid years of squeezing, closing the gap between below premiums and premiums. And so there is some more pressure on whether that closing the gap, mining the gap strategy on the bottom end will continue to produce results in our biggest sector. And so it's something we're watching just very carefully. And again, when you look at elasticity in beer, you almost have to look at it brand by brand. And our approach has been to keep very consistent in our pricing, passing along factor costs, input costs, and trying to make our brands more relevant such that we have the choice of either taking price or taking share. And that's the sweet spot that we've been striving to get to. In this case, we've been taking price.
Karen Lamark - Federated Investors: Is there a market share or I guess decline or a volume decline that's intolerable to you as you think about this balance?
John E. Cleghorn: No, of course there are some step changes. There were some of the questions that were asked earlier about brewery and infrastructure, and there's some step changes in our cost structure that we are mindful of. But at this stage, we don't see those.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions at this time.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Well, thank you, Melissa, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today, and for your interest in Molson Coors. We look forward to speaking to you again at the end of the fourth quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Perkins - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Canada and President of Molson Coors Canada David Dunnewald - Vice President of Global Investor Relations Peter Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Krishnan Anand - President of Molson Coors International S. Glendinning - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc. James Watson - HSBC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2011 Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, I want to paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com. Again, that is www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors. Please go ahead, sir.
Peter Swinburn: Thank you, Michelle. Hello, welcome, everybody, and thanks for joining us today. So with me on the call this morning are Stewart Glendinning, Molson Coors CFO; Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors; Dave Perkins, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors U.K.; Kandy Anand, President of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors Chief Legal Officer; Bill Waters, Molson Coors Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors VP of Investor Relations. On the earnings call today, Stewart and I will take you through highlights of our second quarter 2011 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective on the balance of 2011.  In the second quarter, our company underlying after-tax earnings decreased about 1% as positive beer pricing and cost reductions in our core businesses and favorable foreign exchange were offset by the impact of weak economic conditions, commodity inflation and investments in our International businesses. As we mentioned during our annual New York Investor Day in March, our growth strategies rest on 3 pillars: Maximizing the profitable growth opportunities in our core markets; accelerating our push into new and emerging markets to grow our brands globally; and looking for M&A opportunities that meet our criteria for generating shareholder value. We can [indiscernible] with our results for our core markets, we faced challenges in 2 main fronts in the second quarter. Volumes for the industry on our businesses were weak due to struggling economies, high unemployment among our core demographic base and high fuel prices. Our Canada and U.K. businesses cycled particularly difficult volume comparisons from a year ago, which negatively impacted results this year. Input inflation, including fuel, packaging materials and agricultural commodities has driven our 2011 cost of goods per hectoliter forecast in all of our businesses higher than we anticipated just 6 months ago. Our hedging strategies have lessened, but not eliminated the impact of this inflation. At the same time, we have continued to invest behind our brands and innovation, and in the U.S., Blue Moon and Leinenkugel grew double digits and led the growth of the craft category, while Coors Light grew both volume and market share. In Canada, we introduced Molson Canadian 67 Sublime, Miller Chill Lemon and Rickard's Blonde. And in the U.K., we grew market share for the third consecutive quarter. After successfully implementing an SAP system in the first half of this year, the U.K. team plans in the second half include a number of new brand introductions, a new beer to appeal to women and the rebranding of Carling. Our international group has increased its investment rate behind Coors Light, Carling and other brands, and has been growing the top line at high rates in a group of priority new and emerging markets. International business volume was 54% higher in the second quarter, driven by the addition of the Si'hai brands in China and the Modelo brands in Japan, along with growth of Carling in Europe and Coors Light in Latin America and China. In the quarter, we completed the purchase of a controlling interest in a new joint venture to brewing market the Cobra brand in Southeast Asia, including India. This $35 million investment represents a very attractive way to enter one of the world's most fastest-growing markets and gives us global control of the high opportunity Cobra brand. We also introduced the Carling brand in the Ukraine this quarter, and initial results are very positive.  As we mentioned in New York in March, our international group is increasing investments in high potential markets with the goal of becoming a significant contributor to total company top line and bottom line growth in less than 5 years. The primary focus of the international team for the short and medium term is on making the recent brand and market launches successful. We will also continue to look for M&A opportunities that fit our financial criteria. Besides the Cobra business in South Asia, other recent examples include the Sharp's Brewery in the U.K. early this year and Granville Island Brewery in Canada last year. During the past several years, we have used our cash not only for growth opportunities, but also to continue to strengthen the company's balance sheet and to double our dividends per share. The combination of strong cash generation and substantial cash balances now gives us the opportunity to increase returns to shareholders through a stock repurchase program, which we introduced this morning with our second quarter earnings. Our board has approved a program to repurchase up to $1.2 billion of the company's class B common shares, which we expect to implement over a period of the next 3 years. This new stock buyback program reflects our continued confidence in the long-term growth and cash generating potential of our company. In a few minutes, Stew will provide additional details regarding our capital allocation priorities. So with those highlights of our strategic growth pillars and the new share repurchase program, I'll turn it over to Stewart to give second quarter financial highlights. Stewart, over to you.
S. Glendinning: Thanks, Peter. Hello, everyone. In second quarter financial highlights, Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors declined 2.8%, driven by continued industry volume weakness in Canada, the U.S. and the U.K. Nonetheless, total company net sales increased 5.7% due to foreign currency movements, along with higher pricing and positive sales mix and international growth. Net sales per hectoliter increased 8.9% in the quarter. On the bottom line, underlying after-tax income of $231.6 million or $1.23 per diluted share was 1.2% lower than a year ago, driven by lower sales volumes, higher commodity inflation and investments in our international businesses, largely offset by positive pricing, continued cost reductions and favorable foreign currency movements. It is important to note that our second quarter underlying earnings excludes some special and other noncore gains, losses and expenses, the net to an $11.3 million pretax charge. These adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results are described in detail in the earnings release we distributed this morning. In segment performance highlights, starting with Canada. Underlying pretax income decreased 4.5% to $139.9 million. Increased pricing, MG&A reductions and favorable foreign currency were more than offset by mid-single-digit volume declines and the resulting fixed cost deleverage. These results included $5 million benefit from a 6% year-over-year increase in the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar. Sales-to-retail or STRs declined 4.2% in the second quarter due to continued industry weakness and competitive price discounting in key regions. Our market share declined approximately 3/4 of a point from a year ago, which was partially, driven by a challenging comparison versus the second quarter last year, when we grew market share more than 1.5 points. Net sales per hectoliter increased 2.2% in local currency due equally to continued positive pricing and the addition of North American Breweries contract brewing sales. Cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 7.7% in local currency, driven largely by the impacts of fixed cost deleveraging from lower volumes, input inflation, sales mix and the cost of brewing beer under our NAB contract. Marketing, general and administrative expense decreased in the quarter due largely to lower overhead expenses. Moving to our U.S. segment. Underlying pretax income increased 5.6% to $172.2 million in the second quarter, driven by continued positive pricing, favorable brand mix and strong cost management. Domestic STRs decreased 2.7% in the quarter. Domestic net revenue per hectoliter from MillerCoors, which excludes contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, increased 2.9% in the quarter. Meanwhile, cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 2.3%, with higher freight, fuel and packaging inflation partially offset by cost reductions. MG&A expenses increased 0.4% due to higher information systems expense, partially offset by cost savings. In our U.K. business second quarter underlying pretax income increased 6.1% to $34.7 million, driven by a temporary reduction in marketing spending, a decrease in defined-benefit pension expense and favorable foreign exchange, partially offset by lower volumes as a result of cycling the FIFA World Cup in 2010. The British pound appreciated 9% versus the U.S. dollar, which improved pretax earnings by approximately $3 million. STRs decreased 5.7% due to cycling the World Cup in June 2010. This compares to a 10% decline for the U.K. industry, yielding a market share increase, the third consecutive quarterly share gain for our U.K. business. Owned-brand net sales per hectoliter increased 7% in local currency, driven by the impact of positive sales mix in the quarter, especially the addition of the Modelo brands. Owned-brand cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 16% in local currency, with nearly all of the change due to sales mix, which was predominantly related to the addition of the Modelo brands. Other drivers include input inflation and fixed cost deleverage from lower volumes. Meanwhile, marketing, general and administrative expenses in the U.K. declined 7% in local currency due to lower marketing and pension expense, partially offset by higher sales force and information systems costs. The International and Corporate segment posted an underlying loss of $67 million pretax in the second quarter, 16% more than a year ago. This increase was primarily due to higher investments in our International businesses and brands, along with a $2 million increase in corporate net interest expense. Approximately 1/4 of the $10 million loss in the International businesses in the quarter was driven by quarterly time differences, as well as the integration costs relating to the new Cobra joint venture in India. Equally important, the International business grew volume 54% and contributed nearly 15% of total company net sales growth in the second quarter. Underlying free cash flow for the first half of this year was $122 million, which was made up of $272 million of operating cash flow, plus $15 million of proceeds from the Foster swapping line and $1 million from asset sales, minus $72 million of capital spending and $94 million of cash invested in MillerCoors. Note that MillerCoors also provided $273 million of operating cash in the first half, yielding net pretax free cash flow of $179 million in the first half. This $201 million reduction from last year was primarily driven by the timing of working capital and lower cash provided by MillerCoors this year. Our 2011 underlying free cash flow goal remains $750 million, plus or minus 10%. Please see our website for details regarding our adjustments to arrive at underlying free cash flow. Total debt at the end of the second quarter was $2 billion and cash and cash equivalents totaled $1.2 billion, resulting in net debt of $0.8 billion.  Looking forward, we have not changed our 2011 guidance for total company and capital spending, pension contributions, corporate interest expense or MG&A expense in the Corporate and International segment. Refer to our February and May earnings calls for our most recent guidance regarding these metrics. We are revising our outlook for the company's 2011 effective tax rate to a range of 15% to 19%, which is 2 percentage points lower than our outlook at the beginning of the year.  Turning to cash use, we have been consistent in saying that our priorities for allocating capital will be in 3 areas. Growth opportunities, strengthening our balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. First, in growth opportunities, Peter reviewed our growth strategies earlier and highlighted some of the transactions and brand investments we've made recently. Other examples of reinvesting in our business include high return investments in facilities, systems and capabilities, such as the new high-speed can line we're installing in our Montreal brewery this year and a series of planned supply chain improvements in the U.K. over the next few years. These are return-driven investments that also support our brand and innovation strategies. Second, our balance sheet is much stronger now after paying down substantial debt and pension liabilities in recent years, and our leverage ratios are in a comfortable range. One specific balance sheet question that we will resolve in the next year relates to the cross-currency swaps that are now about $440 million out of the money and maturing in May 2012. We likely will address this upcoming maturity through a combination of settlement and extension.  Third, in returning cash to shareholders, Peter mentioned that we have doubled our dividend per share over the last 4 years with significant, current cash balances and strong prospects for cash generation in the years ahead. A stock buyback program also makes sense. This morning, we announced our board approval of a $1.2 billion stock repurchase program, which we plan to implement over the next 3 years. We will manage this program opportunistically with the primary goal of growing long-term shareholder value. We are pleased to be in a strong position to increase cash returns to Molson Coors shareholders while preserving financial flexibility to explore growth opportunities and strengthen our balance sheet in the future. As we consider opportunities and circumstances change over time, we will continue to monitor and pursue the best returns for our shareholders, and this may impact our capital allocation priority. As always, all potential cash uses will be bettered by our disciplined process and must meet our firm criteria of providing a clear view to near-term earnings accretion and building long-term value and shareholder value. In the area of cost outlook, each of our businesses continues to face significant challenges from high unemployment and fuel costs.  Looking ahead by business. In Canada, we now expect our 2011 owned-brand cost of goods sold to increase at a mid-single-digit per hectoliter in local currency. We also expect Canada all-in COGS, which includes the cost of contract brewing, to increase at a mid-single-digit rate per hectoliter in local currency. In the third quarter, we will be cycling a non-recurring reduction in costs that we called out a year ago. In the U.K., we still expect our full year owned-brand COGS per hectoliter, including the impact of active brands and contract brewing, to grow at a low double-digit rate in local currency. This increase is driven by the addition of the Modelo brands, which we treat as owned brands in the U.K. We expect all-in U.K. COGS to increase at a mid-single-digit rate per hectoliter in local currency. In the U.S., we continue to expect MillerCoors COGS per hectoliter to increase at a low single-digit rate in 2011, largely due to significant recent increases in freight and fuel costs. In all our businesses, we hedge a portion of our commodity inputs generally over a 1-to 3-year range to reduce the impact of commodity volatility on our financial results in the short term. Nonetheless, we expect significant cost challenges this year from volatility in freight, fuel and the unhedged portion of our commodity inputs.  In our core markets, we are evaluating our pricing in order to take into account growing input inflation. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for regional outlook, wrap up and the Q&A. Peter?
Peter Swinburn: Thank you, Stewart. So by way of regional outlook, in Canada, having now cycled last year's Winter Olympics and several new brand launches, we anticipate easier volume comparisons in the second half of this year. More important, our brand portfolio is the strongest it has been in many years, and we continue to build on this strength. We are investing behind our recent brand expansions, while continuing to drive consumer relevance for Coors Light and Molson Canadian through successful programming, such as our Red Leaf campaign. In the U.S., we continue our keen focus on premium lights, crafts and imports. Execution and distribution continue to be a major focus area for 2011, and we're investing heavily behind our programs, including multicultural outreach.  We also remain focused on core brand innovations. Coors Light super cold activation packaging is resonating well with consumers, and we are supporting it with retail programs and national advertising. Miller Lite will continue its taste for positioning with new TV spots placed during prime sports programs. We are driving a strong focus on Hispanic soccer with Miller Lite's sponsorship of the Gold Cup tournament and the Chivas Mexican team sponsorship.  We are also driving Craft and Import growth through Tenth and Blake. In Blue Moon and Leinenkugel, we have 2 of the largest and fastest-growing craft beer brands in the U.S. market. Our Leinenkugel Summer Shandy and its summer sample pack are helping to win this summer, and we continue to increase Blue Moon momentum with additional television and a focus on seasonals. In the U.K., our team continues to make substantial progress in improving underlying profitability through the expansion of our brand portfolio and our value ahead of volume strategy. During the second quarter, we grew market share for the third quarter in a row. With the completion of our SAP system implementation this summer, our focus during the second half of the year will be aligned behind specific brand building and innovation activities. Examples will include the rebranding of Carling, which will give the UK's largest beer brand new positioning, a new visual identity, innovative aluminum bottle packaging and a new premium line extension called Carling Chrome, which will be launched later this month. Another innovation to be launched is Animée, a beer tailored to women with a delicious fresh taste that will be available in 3 variations beginning in early autumn. Coors Light and Caffrey's will also add individual aluminum bottles to their package lineups. In our International business, we continue to invest in emerging and other markets to drive top and bottom line growth so this business can be a significant driver of Molson Coors growth in 5 years or less. We continue to expect incremental 2011 investments across several markets to total $25 million to $30 million on the MG&A line, including adding the new Cobra business in India, the Modelo brands in Japan and the joint venture in China to our results. Our expectation is that there will be no significant impact on the international group's bottom line as a result of this increase in MG&A spending, as these new investments would be largely offset by volume and gross profit in 2011. The following are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the third quarter. In Canada, our sales-to-retail for the 4 weeks ended July 23 decreased at a mid-single-digit rate as we cycled strong volume growth and share gains in July of last year. In the first 4 weeks of the quarter, our U.K. STRs have increased at a low single-digit rate due to cycling weak sales following the World Cup in the third quarter 2010. In the U.S., for the 4 weeks ended July 23, MillerCoors STRs declined at a low single-digit rate. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a small portion of the third quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. To summarize our discussion today, Molson Coors second quarter underlying after-tax earnings decreased about 1%. Positive beer pricing and cost reductions in our core businesses were offset by the impact of continuing weak economic conditions and global commodity inflation in the quarter. Despite these challenges, we remain focused on building shareholder value through our growth strategies, profit and cash generation and our disciplined use of cash. We also generated substantial cash in the quarter, a large portion of which will be returned to shareholders via our increased stock dividend and our new stock buyback program. While our short-term results reflect challenges, we are implementing aggressive measures to ensure that Molson Coors continues to drive profit, cash generation and shareholder value over the long term. Now before we get -- before we start on the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional question regarding the quarter results. That call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. So at this point, Michelle, we'd like to open up for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First, I guess, Canada, I just wanted to get a little bit more perspective as we think about, if you look at 2Q, your volume and market share was down, your costs are coming in higher and your pricing is lagging inflation. So just wondering what gets better in the back half, if any?
David Perkins: All right. Thanks, Judy. It's Dave. So what we saw in Q2 was the continuation of the economic pressures that we felt recently. Certainly, gas prices and competition from other alcohol beverage is putting pressure on. Weather was a factor in Q2 as well. So we see that. Now as you think through the balance of the year on the industry, the only thing I'd point out is that last year, in the first 7 months of the year 2010, we did have 6 months that were essentially flat or up. So we had a strong performance in the first part of the year. In the last 5 months of the year, 4 of the 5 months were down at the industry level. So as Peter said, we're cycling something different going forward than we have seen on a year-to-date basis. On market share, we gave up about half of our gain in Q2 from the 1.5 points that we picked up last year. As I look at the market share result, I actually feel pretty good about it. I look at on a sequential basis, Q2 versus Q1, we actually grew our share marginally. And when I look at our innovation and our core brand programs, they're working well for us. So innovation in the quarter delivered about 3 share points for us. That's on the high end of what we've seen over the last year or so. So feel good there. Canadian trademark share was at last year's level in Q2 and we had strong pricing behind the brand. So we're feeling good there. We've got some new programming out on Canadian, including the Red Leaf program with a positive reaction. And then on Coors Light, our share was off slightly. But Coors Light was really the key beneficiary of that major spike in Q2 of last year. Again, we're seeing good brand equity scores on the brand. Our pricing was strong. So feeling good there. Last year, our market share performed particularly well through the end of August. Once we get into comps from September through to December, it is easier for us. So I just give you that perspective.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just in terms of -- I mean, I guess the comparisons do get easier, both from a market share perspective and for the industry as a whole. But just in terms of the competitive backdrop and the discounting activity you're seeing, is it your sense that, that would also moderate in the back half and that gives you a little bit more comfort as well?
David Perkins: Well, yes, hard for me to predict what will happen in the back half. What I would say in Q2 is the market was very competitive. We did see a step up in discounting compared to the first quarter. I think small brewers were especially active. Consumers continue to respond obviously to the special offers. But nonetheless, we saw an increase in our NSR per hectoliter in the quarter despite that environment. And as I say, our brands performed where we'd like to see them performing.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then Peter and Stewart, just a couple of questions on capital allocation. First, on the share buyback announcement this morning, should we think that this may be an indication that, perhaps, the M&A opportunities might be a little bit more limited at least in the near term? And then Stewart, you talked about the $400 million cost currency swap that's out of money or that expires in 2012 and that's out of money. Can you just help us on how we think about the impact on your cash flow for 2012?
Peter Swinburn: I'll take the first part of that, Judy. I'll let Stewart take the second part. I'd really refer back to the New York conference with the analysts that we had in early March, and I think we laid out pretty clearly that what we wanted was to -- or certainly laid out pretty clearly we wanted flexibility in terms of the cash we'd hold on hand. We're comfortable, we do that. We wanted to make sure that we got a balance sheet in good order and we feel much better about what we've done around pensions and liabilities that we had on our balance sheet a couple of years ago. We did say that we really, when we look at cash, we continue to look at our use of cash to the extent that it can actually drive shareholder value. This is one way of giving value back to shareholders. It's not the only way. We will continue to look for M&A opportunities, but only if they actually drive the shareholder value that we would expect them to drive. So really, our position hasn't changed. And really, I think we flagged pretty clearly in New York what we would do if we didn't have any opportunities on the M&A front. And that's what we're doing. So I think we've been pretty consistent from the announcement and the clarity that we try to give in York and what we've actually done.
S. Glendinning: Good. Thank you, Peter. Judy, I'd just say I really echo Peter's point there, but this preserves flexibility for us going forward. And we think it's an excellent way to continue to try to drive shareholder value. On the swap itself, I called out in the script that we're looking at a number of alternatives. But I think the most likely scenario is that you'll see this be a combination of some settlement of a portion of the liability and some portion that gets extended. This will basically allow us to take that up over time. It will potentially subject us to movements up or down as in any hedging program, and will allow us to take into account tax considerations as well. Bottom line is it's a period of years, Judy. That's how you should look at that.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then the tax rate coming in lower for this year, is there any change to your long-term tax rate at this point?
S. Glendinning: We continue to expect that our long-term guidance will remain the same at 22% to 26%. We're expecting the benefit of some one-time benefits in the back half of the year that could push our tax rate down.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Farmer from Jefferies.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I think several months ago you pointed to a few 100 basis points of additional margin expansion in the MillerCoors segment over the next few years. I realize that's a ways out. But if we just think about this for a second, if the U.S. economic backdrop that we're seeing right now carries deep into 2012, is that number still realistic or in play in your mind?
David Dunnewald: This is Dave Dunnewald. That's actually SABMiller guidance, and so we'll leave it to them to comment on that.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. Okay. Fair enough. And then just following up real quick on Canada as it relates to you mentioned innovation driving 3 points of growth. Are you willing to sort of talk about the brands that are driving that and the sustainability you think you'll see moving into the back half of '11?
David Perkins: Yes, I mean, the innovation is fairly broad based. In the past 6 months, we've rolled M, Molson M out to Ontario and the West. We've got Molson Canadian 67 Sublime and Miller Chill lemon in the flavored area and Rickard's Blonde, and those are building on top of the Keystone brands. And we've actually got fairly solid performance across the group of new brands. And you were far enough into this now that I'm actually feeling pretty good about the way the brands are performing and the staying power that they're showing.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then just quick follow-up on Canada. You talked about this. But just following up on the competitive discounting, realizing that you can't predict what happens on the back half of '11. But was that competitive discounting intensifying as you moved through the 2Q?
David Perkins: It was fairly stable through Q2. And I would say it was a step-up rather than a dramatic shift in the environment that we're seeing. Clearly, there is some response to the volume softness. But I'd characterize it as more of a step-up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Swartzberg from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess, Dave, on Canada, also on a -- probably a little bit more on the price discounting you're seeing. Could you talk a little bit more about the regions where you're seeing the discounting and how you think it affects the outlook for pricing across Canada beyond looking into the second half and into 2012?
David Perkins: Yes, Mark. There's not much regional variation in what we're seeing, which actually is encouraging. I mean, this isn't like something that we saw 3 years ago in Québec where you get a fairly severe situation in a region. So we're seeing that step up across the country as, presumably, people go after volume. And I'm not very alarmed by it. I think given the circumstances with the industry contacts, it's a fairly predictable reaction to that.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. And are you seeing it both from your major competitor in the lower-end products? Or is it more weighted towards the lower-end products?
David Perkins: No, it's across the portfolios, actually. I mean, as you look at the various brewers across the country, I mean, whether it's mainstream or above premium, you're seeing temporary discounting behavior. In the value segment, the prices tend to be fairly stable.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Got it. Great. And then, yes, Peter or Stewart, on the share repo news, for the sake of modeling, any thoughts on how we should put it into our models over the next few years? I guess you're saying some of it is going to come in the second half. Is it reasonable to think ratably? I realize you don't know what deals you're going to do, but can you give us some sense of pace here?
S. Glendinning: Yes, Mark, I really can't. I mean, what we said is that we're going to do it opportunistically. We've laid out the 3-year period, but it will largely depend on how we think that's going to drive shareholder value. So I'm sorry, but I can't give you more than that.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Faucher from JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And just a quick follow-up on Mark's question. I mean, by opportunistically and looking at best way to drive shareholder value, basically, it sounds like you're just saying, look, if the stock is down, then we'll be more aggressive. But it's not going to be sort of an in the market everyday type of thing, correct?
S. Glendinning: We really don't want to get into the details of exactly how we plan to trade. That's counterproductive. What I will say is, look, we're sitting on $1.2 billion worth of cash. And we continue to generate cash. This is a company that generates a lot of cash. We're going to have the flexibility to do all of the things that we need to do with using a varied pace depending on what the opportunities that present themselves to us. And that's the best way really I can give, bearing in mind also that we'll be paying dividends over that same timeframe.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Got it. Okay. And then a separate question. I think you guys talked about some marketing spending in the U.K. shifting out of the second quarter. And I think we saw a similar thing, and they talked about this on the MillerCoors call in terms of some of the NFL-related spending shifting. So I guess, it seems like the spending shift was most likely budgeted in something planned ahead of time and it doesn't sound like it's a response to continued tough category trend. Is that a fair statement? And as you shift some of that spending into the back half of the year, should we -- can you get a payoff that quickly where maybe that helps drive a little better volume going forward?
Peter Swinburn: So you're absolutely right, they were planned. As far as the U.K. is concerned, we had a major SAP implementation. So really, all of our efforts were placed on making sure that, that went through smoothly. And it seems we had a great job there. So we did plan for most of the activity in the U.K. to be back loaded. You'll get some benefit on the top line from that activity because there are some new product innovation, but obviously, you won't get a bottom line benefit from new products in such a short period of time. For the established brands, such as Carling, then yes, we would expect the impact of the expenditure to be reflected in better performance. On the U.S., it was more a structural thing where we've lost the NFL and we had first half spending on that last year. That's really being translated more to the NHL now on the second half of the year. But again, Tom, you're on the line, if you want to expand on that, please do.
Tom Long: No. I think you covered it precisely. Thank you, Peter.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Watson from HSBC.
James Watson - HSBC: First question is just back to Canada for a second. Wanted to know about the price gaps versus your competitors, both your primary competitors and the smaller competitors. Just how are they right now compared to historical ranges? And seeing that you guys took up pricing a little bit, if the price gap is getting larger, does this take-away from some of your flexibility to make moves in the market?
David Perkins: Yes, James, we haven't left the price gaps relative to any major competitors change appreciably. So we've remained competitive. Certainly, there has been some increased aggression from smaller brewers that it's difficult to fully keep pace with. But I wouldn't characterize it as a really significant widening of gaps. I mean, we continue to do promotional activity by region, by channel and by pack site that keeps us in the ballpark of competitiveness. We watch the price and volume balance, and then make sure that our brands are able to perform for us. So I think the challenge for us that we need to watch is just that gap relative to some of the smaller players.
James Watson - HSBC: And on the international MG&A, you guys talked about an additional spend on MG&A there for the rest of the year. I was just wondering is that behind the brands that you've already bought. And then is that something that we can look to going forward into 2012 that there's just going to be a higher sort of base level of spending to build up these new opportunities internationally?
Krishnan Anand: Jim, this is Kandy. Yes, these are behind the new brands as we mentioned in our release. It's behind our India Cobra acquisition, our cycling of a continued -- of our general JV as well as the Modelo brands that came out as superior [ph] in Japan. So these are ongoing MG&A increases. But I want to emphasize what Peter said in his remarks, which is the net effect of these on the bottom line of the company is not significant because it also comes with increased gross profit.
Peter Swinburn: Just to expand on that a little bit. We're actually very pleased the way the international program is going. Although more opportunities have presented themselves in the short term than we expected, we've been able to take advantage of that. And as we said in the script, it's already contributing 15% of our net sales of revenue growth and we've been pretty clear about what we expect this section or this sector to do for the business going forward. So it's something that is for the future, but we're very pleased with the way with the progress that's being made in that arena.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Christine Farkas from Bank of America.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just picking up with the last point, overseas, the Chinese joint venture, can you comment on ultimate CapEx requirements? Are you happy with the way the distribution agreements or the licensing agreement is working out? And would you look further down the road into building facilities?
Peter Swinburn: So trying and hit all of those points, Christine. First of all, let's split the China business up into 2. We've got this, our legacy Coors Light business. That brand continues to do exceptionally well in China. And we're pleased with its continued progress, and it's absolutely right in line with where we expected it to be and it continues to build equity value. So we're very pleased with that. In terms of the JV, it is going slower than we expected. But a lot of that really has have to do with getting certain commissions and certain licenses. We now have those. And we're in a position where we can put in the CapEx that we always planned to put in, which will allow us to get much more flexibility around the Coors Light brand, of course the number of SKUs that we can produce and improve the margins. So from that point of view, slightly behind the timescale we initially envisaged, but everything is going to plan and we're pleased with that. In terms of the future, we've got enough on our plates at the moment with building the Coors Light brand and also trying to get the JV and the CapEx away. So that's what we're really focused on at the moment. But I will always give myself the out, which is if the right opportunity came up in China and it satisfied all our criteria, we would seriously ask it.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's helpful. And then moving to price mix across your segments. I don't think I've missed this, but could you help us with respect to the mix contribution within that revenue per hectoliter growth? So Canada was up 2.2% with respect to revenue per hectoliter. I'm wondering what current line pricing looked like relative to mix?
David Perkins: Yes, so on the Canada NSR per hectoliter, it was, about half of that increase was related to our contract brewing arrangement and half was to stronger pricing. And within that, mix didn't play a role.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then in the U.K. and the U.S.?
Mark Hunter: Yes, so from a U.K. perspective, we've now had 18 quarters of our pricing growth and that Q2 of this year, that was principally driven by the addition of Modelo into our portfolio. We saw a continued pricing in the on-premise unit pricing growth in the off, but a little bit of overall price decline in all 3 because of customer mix. But the principal driver of pricing growth was addition of the Modelo brands into the portfolio.
Peter Swinburn: Tom, do you have a number for -- or Tom or Kandy, for the U.S.?
Tom Long: As far as pricing growth and mix is concerned, mix accelerated in the quarter, either to around 80 basis points of that was mix and the balance would be pricing growth. Mix is slightly stronger in the second quarter than it was in the first.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's helpful. And then just the last question maybe it's more anecdotal than anything else because you have given us STRs for the first 4 weeks. But given a strong heat wave across much of the Northeast or into Canada, I'm just wondering is that something that actually helps your volumes or hurts it? Are we seeing just many outdoor activities being canceled? Or are you seeing some benefit to people out and just having to be hydrated?
Peter Swinburn: Broad answer is I've got no idea, but there are probably just as many people that want to go out and drink more as there are people who want to stay in and keep cool. So we'll have to see what the numbers turn out like.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Brett Cooper from Consumer Edge Research.
Brett Cooper - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: A quick question on Canada. If innovation is driving 300 basis points of share gain and your share is down 75 basis points, can you elaborate on what brands are the main drivers of the weakness? What you're doing about it? And then on the innovation side, there was a lot of, I guess, regional launches last year and expansion across Canada. So can you talk about how the innovation is performing within the regions in which they were introduced last year?
David Perkins: Yes, let me just be clear on the 3 share points that innovation accounts for. That is not growth year-over-year. That is the total of our new brands, okay. And so what we're seeing is about the 3 share points from innovation, we're seeing the Molson Canadian trademark stable and then Coors Light off slightly as I mentioned before. On a regional basis, we're seeing a solid contribution from innovation across the regions. I wouldn't want to get into the brand level detail by region. But I would say that as we look across our 4 major regions, we're getting a meaningful contribution from innovation in each, and we're seeing similar trends year-on-year in each.
Operator: I have no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to Mr. Swinburn for closing remarks.
Peter Swinburn: Okay, thank you, Michelle. And thank you, everybody for joining us this morning. I really appreciate your interest in the business, and look forward to speaking to you again at the next earnings results. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Perkins - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Canada and President of Molson Coors Canada Peter Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director S. Glendinning - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch James Watson - HSBC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Alicia, and I will be your conference Operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2011 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Before we get started, I want to paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Peter Swinburn: Thank you, Alicia. Hello, and welcome, everybody, and thank you for joining us today. With me on the call this morning are Stewart Glendinning, Molson Coors' CFO; Tom Long, President and Chief Commercial Officer of MillerCoors; Gavin Hattersley, CFO of MillerCoors; Dave Perkins, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors U.K.; Kandy Anand, President of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors' Chief Legal Officer; Bill Waters, Molson Coors' Controller; Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors' VP of Investor Relations. And for the last time, I can say we're also joined today by Leo Kiely, CEO of MillerCoors. In Leo's 18 years with the company, he has been on more than 70 of these earnings calls. So he has certainly more than paid his dues. We will miss Leo. But while thanking him for his great service to the company, we also welcome Tom Long to his new role and congratulate him on his appointment, effective June 1. So Leo, well done; and Tom, congratulations. On the earnings call today, Stewart and I will take you through highlights of our first quarter 2011 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company along with some perspective of the balance of 2011. In the first quarter, our company increased underlying after-tax earnings by 17% and expanded margins significantly despite continuing challenges from weak industry volume and accelerating global commodity inflation. We faced particularly difficult volume comparisons in Canada, as we cycled last year's Vancouver Winter Olympics, but our volume trends in the U.S., U.K. and International improved versus recent quarters. Equally important, the strength of our brands drove positive pricing and net sales growth across our company. We've also continued to exceed our cost reduction goals, which provided resources to invest in our brands, grow earnings and generate cash.  Although the first quarter is a low season quarter for our core businesses in both profit and cash generation, these results reflect progress against the growth strategies we laid out for you 2 months ago during our annual Investor Day in New York. To remind you, in that meeting, we said our strategic growth focus would rest on 3 pillars: maximizing the profitable growth opportunities in our core markets, accelerating our push into new markets to grow our brands globally and looking for M&A opportunities that meet our criteria for generating shareholder value and that provide solid growth platforms for our business and brands. First, in our core markets. Our strategic focus has been on investing behind our brands, delivering value-enhancing innovation and effectively managing our cost structure in our mature markets. Our efforts to strengthen our brands and lead innovation in our markets have helped improve brand health, support positive pricing and generate a lot of excitement in the category.  Here are just some of the current examples. Coors Light has outperformed the competition in the past few years in both market share and average price. Our largest and most international brand grew at low single-digit rate globally in the first quarter. In the U.S., Miller Lite's portfolio performance continue to improve with this brand growing market share in the first quarter.  In Canada, Molson Canadian was up against a difficult comparison cycling the 2010 Vancouver Olympics, but we grew NSR per hectoliter across all markets, and we also launched Molson Canadian 67 into the Québec market in the quarter. Early this year, we also signed our new National Hockey League sponsorship, under which Molson Canadian will have new opportunities to grow in Canada and expand in the U.S. Additionally, we expanded Molson M in Ontario to Western Canada and Keystone Lager to Ontario, while renewing the Molson Export brand with focus in Québec. Overall, we have introduced more new products in Canada in the past 18 months than during the previous 15 years.  In the U.K., our recently strengthened portfolio gained overall market share for the second quarter in a row. And finally, we recently acquired the Sharp's Brewery, which produces Doom Bar, one of the UK's fastest growing cask ales. And these ales play at the top end of the category, similar to craft beers in the U.S. and Canada.  In our second growth pillar. Our International group has increased its investment rate behind Coors Light. Carling, and other brands -- sorry, Coors Light, Carling and other brands has been growing the top line at high rates in a select group of new markets. International business volume grew more than 45% in the first quarter, driven by the addition of Si'hai brands in China and growth of Coors Light in Latin America and China. This group is moving quickly and with purpose to what's becoming a significant contributor to total company top line and bottom line growth in 5 years or less. Turning to our final growth pillar. We look at M&A opportunities in 3 categories. First, small fill-in acquisitions in current markets to help build our portfolio and provide incremental top line growth. We've had a number of recent successes in this area over the past several years, including Creemore and Granville Island in Canada and Cobra in the U.K., all of which I might say are exceeding our initial expectations. Most recently, we completed the Sharp's acquisition in the first quarter, and after only a few months, results were already more positive than our original forecast. Second, we would invest selectively in international markets, as we did most recently with our new Si'hai JV in China. And that is also progressing well in these early days. And third, large scale M&A.  Regardless of the size or nature of the growth opportunity, we have a disciplined process around evaluating each of these, and we determine to make the very best use of every dollar of cash that we generate.  So with those highlights of our performance against our strategic growth pillars, I'll turn it over to Stewart to give first quarter financial highlights and the outlook for the balance of 2011. Stewart?
S. Glendinning: Thanks, Peter, and hello, everyone. I'll start with the first quarter financial highlights. Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors declined 1.5%, driven by industry volume, weakness in Canada, the U.S. and the U.K. Nonetheless, the total company net sales increased 4.4% due to foreign currency movements along with positive pricing and sales mix. Net sales per hectoliter increased 6.6% in the quarter. In the bottom line, underlying after-tax income of $81.6 million, or $0.43 per diluted share, was 17% higher than a year ago, driven by positive pricing and continued cost reductions this year. We grew operating and pretax margins in our U.S., U.K. and International businesses, which drove total company operating pretax and after-tax margin expansion of more than 100 basis points in the quarter. Delivering strong earnings growth in the face of substantial economic and industry headwinds bodes well for our ability to do even better when conditions improve.  It is important to note that our first quarter underlying earnings include some noncore gains, losses and expenses that net to 0 on a pretax basis. These adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results are described in detail in the releases -- in the earnings release we distributed this morning.  In segment performance highlights, starting with Canada. Underlying pretax income decreased 3.2% to $54.4 million in the first quarter. Increased pricing, overhead reductions and favorable foreign currency were more than offset by mid-single-digit volume declines and input inflation. Due to weak industry conditions this year and cycling the 2010 Winter Olympics, our Canada sales to retail, or STRs, for the first quarter decreased 6.9%. This represents a market share decline of approximately 0.5 point from a year ago, which was gained by smaller brewers primarily through increased price discounting.  Net sales per hectoliter increased 1.8% in local currency due to continued positive pricing. Cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 3.1% in local currency, driven -- largely driven by higher commodity fuel and distribution costs as well as fixed cost deleveraging from lower volumes. Marketing, general and administrative expense decreased in the quarter due to lower overhead expenses and the release of an indirect tax reserve. Moving to our U.S. segment. Underlying pretax income increased 7.6% to $101.8 million in the first quarter, driven by continued positive pricing, favorable brand mix, strong cost management and the receipt of a onetime payment by MillerCoors. Domestic STRs decreased 1.4% in the quarter. Domestic net revenue per hectoliter from MillerCoors, which excludes contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, increased 2.1% in the quarter. Meanwhile, cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 1.2%, higher freight and fuel inflation partially offset by cost reductions. MG&A expenses decreased 1.3% due to a onetime payment from a third party.  In our U.K. business. First quarter underlying pretax income more than doubled to $4.6 million, driven by a decrease in defined-benefit pension expense and higher pricing, partly offset by lower volumes and higher cost of goods sold. Although the British pound appreciated 4% against the U.S. dollar, this had no significant effect on pretax earnings. STRs decreased 1.6%, which is better than the 4% decline for the industry, implying a slight market share gain for our U.K. business.  Owned brand net sales per hectoliter increased 10% in local currency, driven by positive pricing and sales mix in the quarter, especially the addition of the Modelo brands. Owned brand cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 13% in local currency, with 2/3 of the change due to the addition of the Modelo brands, along with higher cost channel mix, fixed-cost deleverage and input inflation. Meanwhile, marketing, general and administrative expenses in the U.K. were unchanged in local currency.  The International and Corporate segment posted an underlying loss of $62.3 million pretax in the first quarter, 5.3% less than a year ago. This improvement was due to a $5.8 million decrease in corporate expense, partially offset by $2.3 million higher spending to accelerate International growth.  Now beyond operating and profit performance. Total debt at the end of the first quarter was $2 billion, and cash and cash equivalents totaled $1.1 billion, resulting in net debt of $0.9 billion. Our cash balances were $136 million lower than at year-end because we are in our seasonal cash-use time of the year.  Looking forward, we have not changed our 2011 guidance for effective tax rate, total company spending or for MG&A expenses in the Corporate and International market segments. Refer to our last earnings call for our last guidance regarding these metrics. In terms of revised guidance, we now expect full year corporate interest expense to be approximately $115 million based on current foreign exchange rates, down from $120 million on our last earnings call. With regard to cash uses, we now anticipate cash distributions to our defined-benefit pension plans of about $60 million this year, including our portion of MillerCoors in Canada JV contributions. In the area of cost outlook by business. In Canada, we now expect our full year 2011 owned brand cost of goods sold per hectoliter excluding the cost of contract brewing to increase at a low single-digit rate in local currency, driven by commodity inflation and fixed-cost deleverage related to lower volume, particularly in the first quarter. Including the effect of our contract brewing arrangement with North American Breweries, we still expect cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a mid-single-digit rate in local currency. Note that this contract brewing arrangement will also increase net sales per hectoliter this year. In the U.K., we now expect 2011 all in cost of goods per hectoliter to increase at a mid-single-digit rate in local currency. Excluding the impact of factored brands and contract production of other brewers' products, neither of which are included in our beer volumes, we expect our 2011 owned-brand cost of goods per hectoliter to increase at a low double-digit rate in local currency. This increase is driven by product mix related to adding the Modelo brands, which increased both net sales and cost of goods sold per hectoliter and are treated by us as owned brands. Other drivers include input cost inflation, offset by cost savings and lower pension costs. In the U.S., we now expect MillerCoors COGS per hectoliter to increase at a low single-digit rate in 2011 due to significant recent increases in freight and fuel costs. In all of our businesses, we hedge a significant portion of our commodity inputs, generally over a 1- to 3-year range to reduce the commodity volatility on our financial results in the short term. Nonetheless, we expect significant cost challenges this year from volatility in freight, fuel and the unhedged portion of our commodity inputs. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for regional outlook, a wrap-up and the Q&A. Peter?
Peter Swinburn: Thanks, Stewart. So by way of regional outlook. In Canada, we're leveraging our new product launches by expanding Molson M into Ontario and the western provinces to complete a national footprint to this successful brand, and we also completed the national rollout of Molson Canadian 67 by introducing this brand into Québec. In our endeavor to continue to own the low-calorie beer segment, last month, we launched a new flavor variant, Molson Canadian 67 Sublime, which delivers a refreshing twist of lemon and lime flavor while still leveraging our low-calorie platform. We also expanded Keystone Lager into Ontario this year based on the success this brand has enjoyed since last year's launch in the western provinces.  We continue to develop and introduce innovative ways to drive consumer relevance and excitement behind Coors Light and our Molson brands. In particular, we are partnering with the NHL to provide Molson Canadian with new and exciting growth opportunities across North America. From an operations perspective, we expect Canada financial results to benefit from the ramp-up of the NAB contract brewing arrangements in the balance of this year, which also helps mitigate the increasing inflationary pressure on our cost base.  In the U.S., as we move into the key summer selling season, we will continue our keen focus on premium lights and crafts and imports. Execution and distribution will continue to be major focus areas for 2011, and we will invest heavily behind our programs, including multicultural outreach. We also remained focused on core brand innovations. This summer, we will launch Coors Light Super Cold Activation packaging, which lets customer know when the beer is not just cold but super cold. Miller Lite will continue its taste positioning by asking consumers to "Man Up" with new TV spots being placed during prime sports programs. We will have a strong focus on Hispanic soccer with Miller Lite's sponsorship of the Gold Cup tournament and the introduction of the Chivas' Mexican Team sponsorship. You'll also see more excitement around MGD 64 this summer with MGD 64 Lemonade. We will continue to drive Craft and Import growth through Tenth and Blake. We expect to see continued growth in the seasonal release of Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy. Later this month, the brand will launch a summer sampler can pack, making Tenth and Blake the first major craft brewer to launch a variety pack in cans, and we will continue to increase Blue Moon momentum with additional television and focus on seasonals. In the U.K., the team continues to make substantial progress in improving underlying profitability to our value-add-to-volume strategy. During the first quarter, we grew market share slightly while achieving pricing growth. Our agreement to distribute Corona and other Modelo brands became fully operational in the first quarter, and we commenced distribution of brands from our recently acquired Sharp's Brewery. Along with brand building and innovation work on our current portfolio, we expect the addition of the Modelo and Sharp brands to help us drive improved volume and market share gains in the U.K. In the second quarter, U.K. volume and earnings comparisons will be challenging due to the cycling of the FIFA World Cup in 2010, which drove industry volumes plus 13% and our U.K. volumes plus 17% in the month of June. Following the World Cup, industry volumes declined 16% in July of last year, which will make for easier year-on-year comparisons in the third quarter of this year.  Our International business -- in our International business, we continue to invest in new markets to drive top- and bottom-line growth, so that this business can be a significant driver of Molson Coors' growth in 5 years or less. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect incremental 2011 investments across several markets to total approximately $25 million to $30 million on the MG&A line, including adding the Modelo brands in Japan and the joint venture in China to our results. Our expectation is that these new investments, as a group, will be offset by volume and gross profit increases in 2011.  Following are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses in the second quarter. In Canada, our sales to retail for the 4 weeks ended April 23 decreased slightly. For the same, in the U.S. -- sorry, for the same 4-week period, our U.K. STRs have increased at a low single-digit rate due to the benefit of Easter holiday timing this year. In the U.S., for the 4 weeks ended April 23, MillerCoors STRs declined up to mid-single-digit rates. During this period, our market share, measured in Nielsen scanner data, continue to be positive. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a small portion of the second quarter, and trends could change in the weeks ahead. To summarize our discussion today, our first quarter results reflect solid net sales, earnings growth and margin expansion despite sluggish economies in our core markets and accelerating global commodity inflation. Our financial performance in the quarter benefited from strong trends supported by substantial investment in innovation, continued positive pricing and cost reductions. These results reflect progress against our 3 growth pillars of maximizing the value of our core markets, increasing our exposure to emerging markets and taking advantage of smart M&A opportunities. Our group's strategy is generating value for the business today and will have an even greater impact as economic conditions improve. At Molson Coors, we have a strong team focused on growing this business, realizing our vision of becoming the top global brewer in profitability and delivering long-term value to our shareholders. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. That call will also be available for you to hear by webcast on our website.  So at this point, Alicia, we would like to open it up to you for questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So I guess in terms of the Canadian market, because it sounds like Q1 volume trend was pretty weak, understand that there's the Olympic comparisons. But can you just give us a little bit more color in terms of the industry trends and in Q1? And then it looks like you saw a pickup in April with your STR down only slightly, so maybe just give us a little bit of color in terms of what, then, drove the improvement in April versus Q1.
David Perkins: Judy, it's Dave Perkins. Thanks for the question. So Q1 was heavily impacted by cycling the Olympics, as you mentioned, from last year, and we're continuing to feel economic pressures. I think including the increasing gas prices that we've seen over the last few months, we haven't had particularly good weather to date in Canada. I think that's an impact as well. But really, the 2 factors is cycling the Olympics and the economic pressures. It's tough to give you a much color on April than we have some benefit from Easter timing, but we've also got the offset of what has continued to be quite weak weather. And so we also don't have insight into industry volume relative to share. But certainly, we're feeling better about what we're seeing in April than that we saw in the first quarter.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Dave, can you just maybe give us a little bit of your perspective just in terms of, then, your market share performance in light of the competition from some of the smaller brands? What are you doing to basically regain some of that market share back? Are you seeing heightened competitive activity from some of those smaller brands as you got into the second quarter as well?
David Perkins: Yes. Well, the context there, Judy, over the last 18 months, as you know, we've been focused on strengthening our portfolio, and we've had programs behind our core brands to renew those. We've had a pretty aggressive innovation agenda, and we invested to become price competitive in the market. As a result of that, we saw strong share growth last year that we felt very good about. Over the last 3 quarters, we've been flexing the strength of that portfolio to restore our revenue growth. And what we've seen in the first quarter is quite encouraging in the sense that we saw about 3% increase through pricing, which helped offset about one point of mix headwinds for us. So that felt good. There's no question that where we increased our NSR per hectoliter, we did see some share decline to the smaller national and regional brewers who appear to have stepped up their discounting. So as we go forward, we'll -- we're going to have our continued aggression behind innovation, behind our core brand renewal. And we'll continue to watch the price and volume balance to ensure that we're allowing our strategic brands to deliver what they need to deliver for us.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then just broadly speaking on the cost side of the business, I guess the freight and fuel cost have been pretty volatile here. Stewart, is there any way you can give us some perspective on how much of your costs are covered or hedged? And how much of the sort of freight and fuel cost volatility could impact your low single-digit, I guess, underlying cost guidance for MillerCoors and then, I guess, mid single-digits for Canada?
S. Glendinning: Yes. So, Judy, we really don't, for competitive reasons, give out a great amount of detail on our hedging. I mean, as I've shared in the past, these hedging programs obviously have a lot more hedged in the more immediate periods than in the later periods and do basically span a period of years. We take into account our -- the current cost situation and what we're seeing in commodity pricing in terms of giving you that guidance. And that's the reason we give the guidance is to just try to make that a little bit easier for you. So for the moment, I would rely on that. And to the extent that we see any changes, then we'll update you next quarter. I will say that if you just look at where commodities are currently, they're pretty high prices relative to what, perhaps, we've seen in the last 12 months. And so you have to expect a lot more increase in order to see those -- that inflation number moving around.
David Perkins: And, Judy, can I just clarify the number you quoted for Canada COGS, you said mid-single digit. Just recognize that is with the NAB impact factored into that. What we're in fact seeing is low single-digit without the NAB impact in there.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And you also, Dave, talked about the NAB benefit that you will get as the year progresses, which sounds like maybe the -- you get some offset on the cost on the margin side.
David Perkins: Yes. I mean, there's 2 impacts from NAB, one will be some volume leverage benefit, and the other will be a margin benefit, income benefit.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kaumil Gajrawala with UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank: Just to make sure I fully understand the STRs in North America, so it's your number till 4/23, there may or may not be a little bit of Easter effect in there? Easter, I guess, obviously being the day afterwards. Could we assume it's mostly covered in that?
David Perkins: Yes, in the case of Canada, through to April 23, there would be some Easter benefit in there. Easter in Canada we don't estimate to be a huge beer event or beer occasion, but it does have some impact.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank: Got it. Also, just sticking with Canada, because last year with the Olympics, you were also the official sponsor and such. Can you maybe say that the share loss this quarter versus what last year looked like, is that perhaps maybe the share gains were artificially high last year?
David Perkins: Well, in the first quarter of last year, I believe, we gained about a 0.5 share point, which is similar to what we've given up this quarter. Certainly, we would've had some share benefit last year from our position within the Olympics. But I think there are the 2 factors that play into this, one is the Olympic effect, and the other is on increased discounting, what appears to be increased discounting by the smaller brewers. And I think they both play into this. And if you ask me to weight them, I'd put a higher weight on the pricing strategy or the pricing that we're seeing from the smaller brewers.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Investment Bank: Got it. And in those western provinces, are there any legal minimums or such that we're close to?
David Perkins: There are minimum prices in 3 of the western provinces, and there are brands at those legal minimums. The mainstream brands, Molson Canadian, Coors Light, would tend to be quite a bit above those minimum prices.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dara Mohsenian with Morgan Stanley.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: Tom, I was hoping you could give us a bit of an overview of the U.S. business and just your perspective on if we should see some tweaks and strategy here with your leadership of the business and what the key areas you'll be focused on going forward.
Tom Long: Yes, thanks. We have put in a really firm foundation for our company here. And our focus on organic growth that we outlined to our entire system, including our distributors recently, is a focus of our strategy going forward. So fundamentally, our job is to keep driving brand equity in the marketplace, drive cost management and drive forward to organic growth, as we stated. So I wouldn't plan to make fundamental changes in that. We just look to accelerate our capability to deliver.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: And Dave, I wanted to turn back to Canada for a minute. Can you just give us an update on if you're expecting to gain market share in Canada this full year? Is it realistic given the Q1 share loss and the robust innovation contribution from last year as well as the discounting from the smaller brewers?
David Perkins: Yes. Well, obviously, couldn't give guidance on what I think our share will be. What I would say is we're very much focused on continuing to build the strength of our portfolio. I like our innovation program coming up for the summer. As Peter talked about, Molson M has gone into Ontario and the west, Canadian 67 into Québec. We've got 2 new flavored entries with 67 Sublime and Miller Chill Lemon and a little bit beyond that, that we'll be putting into the market. So I feel good about what's going in. Some interesting programming behind Molson Canadian for the summer as well, which I think consumers will respond well to.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: And are you expecting the innovation contribution to be less in 2011 than it was in 2010?
David Perkins: We're continuing to see innovation delivering in between 2 and 3 share points in our business, and so it feels like a good, solid contribution. I have not seen that tailing off at all.
Dara Mohsenian - Morgan Stanley: And then just on the pricing front, you obviously indicated that some of the smaller brewers are discounting more aggressively. What are you seeing from your main competitor in the marketplace? And maybe if you could just give us a bit of a review on pricing by region?
David Perkins: Well, I think that the major difference I see in the environment relative to before is really what I commented on, on the smaller brewers. I think the pricing environment, generally, is quite stable, with that exception. And we've seen some selective price increases and general price increases go through in various markets and seem to be sticking.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Christine Farkas with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: If I could start with a couple of questions for Mark. In the U.K., can you tell us, either for the quarter or perhaps for the year, how much you expect the Modelo and Sharp's brands will add to your volume?
Mark Hunter: Hi, Christine, yes. All other things being equal, we would expect about one share point. Obviously, you got a net from the reduction in the same-store brands which the Modelo brands replaced. But a gross level, about a share point overall.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, share point in the marketplace versus points to your volume growth, correct?
Mark Hunter: Yes.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: And then sticking with the U.K., there was a comment in the press release that suggested the British pound appreciation did not impact the pretax for the segment. Can you just tell us why that is?
Peter Swinburn: Stewart, you want to take that up?
S. Glendinning: Yes. I mean, the answer is that there's a 4% appreciation, but the earnings for the quarter are so small that it's not material. It's not worth really flagging.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: So it's not that there's was an offset on some other line, okay. And just moving to Canada, Dave, you talked about the -- what I understand to be the full rate, or frontline rate, up 3% offset by about a point of mix. The press release indicated 3% on key brands, but your whole portfolio saw, in aggregate, 3 points of rate increase?
David Perkins: In aggregate, yes, NSR per hectoliter was up 3%, offset by a point of mix headwind. And just give you the clarification that in that increase, there's reduction in dealing back or special offers to the consumers as well. So it's a combination of some frontline price increases, general price increases and reduced deal back.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: And your comments about price increases going through in selected markets. Was that a first quarter comment or pricing since your first quarter has been reported, since the end of your first quarter?
David Perkins: There are 2 provinces in which we saw change in the first quarter. And one that has gone through in -- since the beginning of the second quarter.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And roughly, while we don't know what would be dealt back or how the environment looks, what kind of price increases are you seeing?
David Perkins: Well, for instance, in Québec, at the beginning of April, the minimum price would have gone up about 1.8%, in line with the CPI. And in the west, the increases tend to be in line with CPI as well.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And then in Canada as well, there was a help to the MG&A line that was described as a release of an indirect tax reserve. Is that a onetime? Does that reverse later, or can you quantify perhaps how much that helps Canada?
David Perkins: Yes, it's not an ongoing benefit. So it was in the quarter, and it was -- it accounts for about 2/3 of the favorability that you've seen on our MG&A for the quarter.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Lastly, Peter for you. There was a mention about a small impact from the total return swap on Foster's. I thought maybe -- I was under the impression that was no longer a factor. Can you just help us out what's left or what's on your accounting statements regarding that swap?
Peter Swinburn: Sure. I'll delegate that one to Stewart, because he'll you give you the correct answer, Christine.
S. Glendinning: Christine, just so -- we finally settled the swap. Last year, we reentered into a number of instruments to try to lock out some of the gain, and the final settlements took place in the first quarter. And that's what you're seeing here flowing through the numbers.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay, so we won't see anything going forward?
Gavin Hattersley: No, you will not. That swap is now gone.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Faucher with JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Want to follow up on the Canada trends a little bit. If we take a look at the first half of last year in realizing there was a benefit from the Olympics, even so, the 2-year stacked run rate on STRs -- or not the run rate, but the 2-year stack total, you showed volume growth on a 2-year basis. The last couple of quarters, volume is down on a 2-year basis, and this quarter, it was basically in line with the back half of the year. So adjusting for the comps, it looks as though the last 9 months have been weaker. Can you talk a little bit -- are you seeing -- is this just the continued economic stuff? Was it just the new products were so much more successful in the first half of last year? I'm trying to figure out why that 2-year trend has decelerated and kind of when you think, from your perspective, that can get back to positive?
David Perkins: And, John, you're talking about the industry category volume, right?
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Well, yes. I mean, I think it actually works out the same for you guys or the industry from that standpoint. I'm not sure it really makes a dramatic difference one way or the other.
David Perkins: Okay. Let me just comment, then, on the category trend. If you take out the Olympic quarters of Q1 of 2010, generally what we've been seeing in the surrounding quarters is volume decline in the 1.5% to 2% range. And so without any abnormal quarters, that's what we seem to be seeing. We believe that the bulk of that is economic circumstances. And as to when that will improve, I mean, it's impossible to say. We just -- we get our portfolio into shape, but when that does improve, we'll be a big beneficiary of it.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And it does, I guess -- it wasn't just the first quarter last year, though, it's also the second quarter. So again, do you think maybe that was just, again, that extra new product activity that drove it?
David Perkins: Yes, I think there was a couple of factors. One is there were some larger pack sizes that were being marketed in certain provinces like Ontario, 28-packs that were quite aggressively sold, and we think that did have some benefit to industry volume. Weather last year through the summer was quite incredible here, which probably also had some impact. So there's a lot of noise in what's going on in the industry, but I think the underlying trend that we're feeling appears to be economic factors.
Peter Swinburn: John, this is Peter Swinburn. Just to expand on a little bit. If you try and track it a bit further back and look at the trends across the whole of North America, then volume trends in Canada and the U.S. fell off around about the same time and tracked each other. The first quarter of last year and the second quarter of last year were, I won't say aberrations, but they certainly were where the trends separated to the benefit of Canada. But then the Canadian trends got back in line with the overall American trends. So it just looked like the overall North American trend is pretty similar, but for some reasons, the first and second quarter -- obviously, the first quarter because of Olympics, but first and second quarter of last year in Canada were, for some reason, more beneficial.
John Faucher - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Got it. So a little less decoupling now is probably the right way to look at it?
Peter Swinburn: Exactly.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of James Watson with HSBC.
James Watson - HSBC: A couple of quick follow-ups on Canada. Just if you could give a little more color on the negative sales mix in the quarter. I just wanted to know where that came from and if that was related to the share loss to the smaller competitors, which I -- although I assume that would be in the low end of the market.
David Perkins: The mix impact that we saw, James, was really the launch of Keystone, Keystone Light last year, and so it's the impact of that in our mix. As we strengthened our position in the value segment of the business, we've had that mix impact.
James Watson - HSBC: And across Canada, are you seeing a difference in the volume growth trends between the high end, the mainstream and the low end?
David Perkins: Yes. I mean, the value category performance does vary. The absolute size of the category, the penetration of the category varies. It is higher in the west than it is in the balance of the country. It's lower in Québec because so much beer is sold at minimum price there. The growth trends that we see would tend to be higher in the west and, again, lower in Québec, Ontario and the middle.
James Watson - HSBC: And just on -- in the U.K., I was wondering if you could just talk about the performance, if we stripped out the addition of Modelo and the reduced pension expense in the quarter, how the U.K.'s performance would have compared to last year.
Mark Hunter: Hi, Jim. When you say the U.K. performance, at what level, on which metric?
James Watson - HSBC: Operating income.
Mark Hunter: On an operating income level, the benefit from pensions has given us a swing of about GBP 4 million in the quarter. So we called out the 2-year benefit in New York and what we're seeing is that phase-through in a quarterly basis.
James Watson - HSBC: And Modelo didn't trickle down to the bottom line in a...
S. Glendinning: It would, James, but we wouldn't comment on that specifically.
James Watson - HSBC: And just a question, broader question on pricing in the U.K. I mean, you guys were up, excluding Modelo, about 5% it looked like this quarter, and that was coming off of a large increase in 1Q10 and even before that. Just how are you guys getting these large increases in pricing? Like, where is it coming from, and how sustainable is that over the long term to keep taking this sort of large price increases?
Mark Hunter: What we've seen, James, is we said it very clearly our value-ahead-of-volume strategy just about 3 years ago because of the downward pressure on industry volumes, we've now had actually 17 consecutive quarters of pricing growth. And that's fundamentally been around the quality of our negotiations with our major customers and our own -- the quality of our promotional plans that we're developing with our customers. So I don't think you will see, going forward, the kind of double-digit pricing increases that we've seen over the last couple of years. But clearly, driving value in our market, which continues to slide in volume, is a key priority for us as an organization as we continue also to manage our costs very effectively in the business.
James Watson - HSBC: Have the competitors followed at the same level of price increases, or has there been a big change in the price gap?
Mark Hunter: At retail, there's been very little change. Our pricing that we're commenting on clearly is our NSR, our cost pricing into our customers. And I can't comment on what our competitors have been doing or not doing in that area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: A few questions on the COGS you had, Stewart. I guess, firstly, your expectation for COGS increases has come up versus where it was when you reported the fourth quarter, but it doesn't look like it's come up all that much. Do you think that's a function of the hedges you've got in place or more a function of simply the basket of your commodities? And then I had a follow-up.
S. Glendinning: Yes, it's really a function of the hedges, Mark. Obviously, our cost programs are offsetting, but they would've been there already.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So in other words, hedges rolling off, COGS staying where we are, we're going to see probably an accelerating increase come '12?
S. Glendinning: You got to remember that our hedging program is a rolling program. It will depend on where pricing is. I mean, we saw very rapid rise in the price of fuel. That could just as easily go the other way. I think if you look at metal's prices over the last couple of years, there's been tremendous volatility there. So I don't know where price is going to go next year, but what I do know is that our hedging program is beneficial from the perspective that it smooths those changes over time.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then glass, specifically, looks like there's some shortages there. How are you seeing your glass costs today versus when you reported fourth quarter? Is that shortage affecting your cost there? What's going on with that component of your cost?
S. Glendinning: No, Mark, we haven't seen any dramatic impact on our business from any glass shortages. And we certainly haven't broken our -- we don't breakout our COGS publicly like that. But I can just tell you that with respect to glass, we haven't seen a major impact from any shortages.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And availability of supply on glass, how do you feel about that versus rest of the year?
S. Glendinning: We feel very positive.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenters.
Peter Swinburn: Okay. Thank you very much, Alicia, and thank you, everybody, for your interest in the company. We look forward to speaking to you again at the end of the next quarter.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-10 14:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Snyder - Director, IR David Dunnewald - Vice President of Global Investor Relations
Analysts: Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. James Watson - HSBC Holdings plc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2010 Fourth Quarter and Year End Earnings Investor Relations Follow-up Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  Before we get started, I want to paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by the company's executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior-year period and in U.S. dollars. Now I'd like to turn the call over to David Dunnewald, VP of Investor Relations, Molson Coors.
David Dunnewald: Thanks, Devon. Hello, and welcome, everybody. On behalf of Molson Coors Brewing Company, thank you for joining us today for our Fourth Quarter 2010 Follow-up Earnings Conference Call. Our goal on this call is to address as many additional earnings-related questions as possible, following our regular earnings conference call with Peter Swinburn, Stewart Glendinning and our business unit CEOs earlier today. We will use a standard question-and-answer format, and we anticipate that the call will last less than an hour. So let's get started.  With me on the call are Leah Ramsey, Investor Relations Manager; Greg Snyder, Group Manager of Global Forecasting and Analysis; Spencer Shearer [ph], Finance Forecasting Manager; Steve Hills, Financial Reporting Manager; Mark Sacks [ph], Senior Director of Tax; and Bill Waters, Vice President and Global Controller.  As Peter Swinburn mentioned on our earlier regular earnings call earlier today, 2010 was a year of good progress for Molson Coors in building exceptional brand, driving value-enhancing innovation, reducing costs, strengthening our balance sheet and generating cash. As a result, we increased gross margins, operating income, pretax income and free cash flow despite continued input cost inflation and weak industry volume. In 2011, we will be more focused than ever on driving momentum on the top line and bottom line and growing substantial value for our shareholders. Now before we get to the Q&A, I wanted to follow up on one question we had earlier this morning on the regular earnings call, and that was relating specifically to Corporate and International markets' MG&A.  In our call this morning, we provided guidance that we anticipate that MG&A expense for the Corporate and International segment will be approximately $200 million plus or minus 5%. That represents approximately a $28 million increase from 2010. And we said it was driven by higher brand investments in our International business and the addition of 100% of our China joint venture expenses. You remember, we closed the Si'hai Brewing joint venture in the fall.  And then the minority owner share of those increased expenses from the China joint venture, we're just layering them in, actually, will be subtracted from our consolidated results in the line, Noncontrolling Interests. What I wanted to emphasize is that this guidance is only for that segment. It is not total company, Molson Coors' MG&A. So it's just for that one segment, first of all.  And then second of all, it's not earnings guidance, because it does include operating businesses in places like China, Japan, Vietnam and Spain and so on. The operating performance of that segment will also be driven not only by MG&A expense but also by international market sales and cost of goods. So I just wanted to emphasize that point.  And with that, I'd like to open it up for your questions. Devon?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Swartzberg of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So I guess, two things here, but maybe as a follow-up to the conversation in the morning call, can you kind of update all of us on your COGS mix by region? And any color you can give us on how and to what extent contracts and market-based hedges are benefiting your COGS expectations for '11?
David Dunnewald: We did definitely want to follow up on that. I guess, I'd start with -- give you three pieces of information. One, the amount of information we give on hedges is somewhat limited, as it is from our competitors just for, call it, competitive reasons. But we do provide some general guidance around what our COGS -- the makeup of our cost of goods by business unit and then a little bit of perspective on our hedging. The route to market and the package mix drive substantial differences in our cost of goods base in each of the three major businesses that we have. For example, the U.S. market, U.S. business, about 40% of the cost of goods line there is packaging materials, because we have a lot of nonreturnable packaging and not very much draft as well, which I guess, that's a subset of the first point. In Canada, on the other hand, there's a lot more in the area of distribution. We have returnable bottles, there's over half the package mix in Canada, which reduces the packaging materials component, but a lot of distribution. And then in the U.K., you have a high component of draft beer, which reduces packaging materials even more. But you also, on the flip side, you have what we call factored brands, which are beverage brands that are owned by other companies that we take possession of and therefore, have to consolidate in our U.K. business, and we deliver those to pubs all over the U.K. So that's basically why you have differences between the business units. And I can go into whatever detail you need as far as the breakout of packaging materials versus brewing materials, but if we don't need that, I'm just going to give you the headline that, when it comes to hedging strategy, we believe in limiting volatility of those inputs where we have the opportunity to reduce risk and volatility. And the mix, call it as a percent of cost of goods of hedgeable commodities, really does vary quite a bit by geography. For example, in the U.S., if you distill it down, essentially about 1/5 of the cost of goods line is hedgeable commodities. So the other 4/5 are things like conversion costs and labor costs, depreciation, things like that, that are not hedgeable. And then if we move to Canada and the U.K., roughly 1/10 of the cost of goods lines there are hedgeable. Now this doesn't tell you that every year, we will hedge exactly 1/10 or exactly 1/5, depending on the geography, but it does tell you what the potential is by market. Beyond that, I would tell you that our strategy, because we do believe in volatility mitigation, we tend to hedge out a ways. Generally, it's rolling hedging over two to three years, where that's available. It's not available in all places, but as you can tell by the numbers in the U.S., more commodities are hedgeable than in some of the other markets, plus the fractions I gave you indicate the different makeup of the cost of goods line in those geographies.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: When you use the term hedgeable, would you consider a long-term contract a source of hedge, or something that in that portion that is not hedgeable?
David Dunnewald: I would say a long-term contract if it, how do you say, eliminates rate movement, then yes, I would throw that in the hedgeable bucket. We hedge through a variety of instruments, financial, contract, just storage, for example, when it comes to malt, things like that. So I guess, the answer is yes.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then back on that first part of your response there, when you said packaging, 40% in the U.S., lower in Canada, lower in the U.K., can you put a number on what those numbers are for Canada and the U.K., what packaging is? And then I guess, part of distribution's going to show up below the gross profit line, but can you talk too about distribution more specifically, put some numbers around distribution?
David Dunnewald: Yes, I can give you broad guidelines. The packaging materials, I already mentioned the U.S. about 40%. In Canada, it's about a half of that or roughly 1/5 of the cost of goods line. And then in the U.K., mid-teens percent of cost of goods is related to packaging material. The cost of kegs, because they're so reusable for generally 10 to 20 years tends to be very low cost for our business in the U.K. As far as distribution goes, I guess I'd clarify that a little bit. Distribution costs in the U.S., we would -- simply the cost of our -- the independent distributors we have, that's borne by them, not by us, with the exception of the one distributor we own in Denver, and that distributorship is fully consolidated. So you have a whole range of costs throughout the P&L for Miller Coors associated with Coors Distributing Company in Denver. So if we set that aside, essentially, in the U.S. business, MillerCoors, you have freight charges, shipping primarily finished goods freight from our packaging facilities to our distributors, the 700 or so distributors around the country. And so there's a high fuel component of that, and it's about 1/5 of the U.S. cost of goods line. Then if you move to Canada, a combination of -- that system has a lot more warehousing, a lot more distribution costs, frankly, in it, and that's just the makeup of the market. So about a third of the Canadian market is a combination of distribution, freight, logistics, that sort of thing. And then, if you move to the U.K. business, you'd come in around mid-teens on distribution and freight costs.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then finally, on that topic, brewing materials, what kind of numbers are we talking about?
David Dunnewald: Brewing materials, because there's more consistency across geographies, they don't vary quite as much. The U.S. market, you'd be around 1/10 for brewing materials and related utilities. In other words, we buy the barley, and then we use some utilities to convert it into malt. You'd see the same sort of number in Canada, around 1/10, and then the U.K., same thing, broadly speaking, 10% or a little bit lower.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And if we tally up the numbers you just gave for each region, obviously, it doesn't get to 100%. Most of the difference, labor and manufacturing overhead, that kind of stuff?
David Dunnewald: Yes. Essentially, then to fill out the picture, in the U.S., you have about 1/5 of the cost of goods line would be plant manufacturing, that's labor, some related utilities. You'd put depreciation, property tax, those types of things into that bucket. So about 1/5 there, same thing in Canada, about 1/5 of the cost of goods line. And then in the U.K., it would be a little bit lower, more of a mid-teens number, and that's because the cost of goods line is, call it, enlarged by the factored brands that I mentioned earlier.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: It’s kind of an old topic that seems to be more pressing today, anything new you can tell us beyond what Stewart said and Peter said on the call about deployment of cash flow? Because Stewart talks -- he was pretty -- I don't know, you can over-interpret these things, but statement of fact, Foster's isn’t a claim on cash flow anymore. Statement of fact, the pension situation is better than it was six months ago. Statement of fact, you just completed a very cash-generative year. So it really seems like you're keyed up to do -- and statement of fact, you don't have much in the way of absolute borrowing. So people are left thinking you're going to go do something big acquisition-wise, or that the odds are going up that you actually return more cash to shareholders than you have in the past, and yet, of course, people have been disappointed there over the years. So what besides what we heard this morning, if anything, can you tell us given the picture that we're all looking at?
David Dunnewald: That's a good question. I'm sure it's on the minds of a lot of investors. We do have -- we did achieve some very positive cash generation last year. We do have, call it, a solid cash balance at the end of the year on our balance sheet. And, I guess, all I would do is reiterate what we’ve said in the past, and that is we're going to look at potential cash uses in three main buckets. First one is growth opportunities. We've done a number of relatively modest-sized growth opportunities, things such as China and the most recent brand acquisition in the U.K., Granville Island, those types of things, Cobra in the U.K. as well. So those are relatively small bolt-on acquisitions. We've done MillerCoors, which was relatively large. And so as we've said in the past, we'll look at a variety of growth opportunities, and we will run them through a disciplined process, where the two main criteria are: We need to see short-term earnings accretion; and also, a clear view to growing long-term shareholder value, which is kind of a verbal way of saying ROIC needs to be growing in excess of our weighted average cost of capital. In that same disciplined process -- or we will apply that same disciplined process to balance sheet improvements. And to your point, Mark, we have made some significant improvements in the last year in that area, around pensions and Brazil indemnities, and those types of things. So we'll continue to see whether or not there are opportunities there, but as you suggest, we have taken some of those at least in the near term, off the table. It doesn't tell you what we'll do down the road, but we've certainly made good progress in a couple of key areas.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And am I right in thinking that with the way your board normally meets and having your Analyst Day on March 2, it's kind of -- it requires a special meeting of your board to give us an update on that on March 2?
David Dunnewald: I always caution people about tagging a specific date on board meetings and that sort of thing, because there's quite a bit of both variability and flexibility when the board does and can meet. So I think looking for those types of signposts, it may not be fruitful. So I'm not sure I'd spend a lot of time on that, but that's your choice. One thing I would do is just mention the last bucket which is, returning cash to shareholders. And as Stewart mentioned, we've increased the dividend three years running, and as part of that dialogue with our board that we have on an ongoing basis, we also talk about things like stock buybacks. And so as Stewart mentioned, that dialogue is ongoing.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess, lastly, I suppose it's kind of a rhetorical question, but the subject of actually having long-term guidance, is it reasonable to think you guys are giving this new consideration, kind of looking at it with a fresh set of eyes? Or is it just kind of on the larger list of things that you think about, but it's not necessarily at the top of the list?
David Dunnewald: Well, there's different ways to look at a list, but as Stewart mentioned, we think about guidance and look at it on a periodic basis, and we look at it not only from an earnings standpoint, but as you know, we provide guidance on cost of goods, and a number of other lines that help build our earnings results. And so we look at the components there too, and just to see whether or not there's some incremental help that we can give people, whether it's earnings or not. So we do consider it periodically.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from James Watson of HSBC.
James Watson - HSBC Holdings plc: First question was just, you guys had the, I guess, 50-plus percent International volume growth, but I guess a lot of that was Si’hai. I'm wondering if you could break out what the sort of more organic growth rate was across the broad International segment, and just if there were any specific other countries with significant growth you could point out.
David Dunnewald: I'd say it's broadly half, layering in the Si'hai brands volume, and then the other half would be what you call, organic growth.
James Watson - HSBC Holdings plc: And were there any other countries where it was notable growth?
David Dunnewald: Yes. I would highlight, China continues to grow strongly. I would say the introduction of Coors Light in Russia was a relatively small factor in that volume. It's all new volume, but it's very small, so that is not a driver of that number even in the organic piece that we talked about. Mexico has been a nice growth market for us recently as well. I think those are the ones that I'd highlight for you. I'm sorry, Spain. Spain's been a nice growth market for the Carling brand.
James Watson - HSBC Holdings plc: Have you given out what kind of size you have in Spain right now?
David Dunnewald: No. I would say in comparison to our main businesses, it's very small. And even relative to the overall international markets group, it's still relatively small. In other words, it's a lot smaller than China, for example.
James Watson - HSBC Holdings plc: And just switching tacks over to the pension expense, I was just wondering if you could help me figure out what the delta is between the pension expenses as they hit the income statement in 2010 versus what we'd expect to see hitting the income statement in 2011.
David Dunnewald: On the earlier call, we mentioned that 2011 expectation is around $60 million, at least currently. Things can change, but that's our view now, and then that was $17 million lower than 2010, and that includes the 42% of MillerCoors expense.
James Watson - HSBC Holdings plc: Is most of that going to come through the U.K. segment?
David Dunnewald: No. Well, most of the reduction or most of the actual expense?
James Watson - HSBC Holdings plc: Most of the reduction.
David Dunnewald: Yes, you could attribute $25 million of reduction to the U.K., more than all of it. But we have a lot of different plans, so there's a little bit of movement here and there, but basically, it's all the U.K.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walt Coleman [ph] of Decade Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: On all the COGS guidance that was provided, it was a little confusing because of the structural impacts that are going on both in Canada with the contract brewing, and then the U.K. with the Corona, et cetera. So I guess my question was x the structural impact, is there like gross margin pressure from COGS in Canada and the U.K.? I mean, I guess my question is because Canada COGS are flat, excluding the contract brewing, but with the contract brewing coming in at increasing mid-single digits, I mean is there also a revenue for hectoliter increase or the same, or it's just accounting? And then kind of the same question on the U.K. with the Corona stuff.
David Dunnewald: Two ways I'd look at that, I guess. One is on our own brand, and that's essentially taking out the structural piece you were talking about. So if you do that, Canada COGS, largely unchanged we said for 2011 that's per hectoliter. In the U.K., we said increase at a low-double digit rate, and now that's driven largely by -- let's see. Since we've -- layering in the Modelo brands, which increase both net sales and cost of goods. So if you take out the Modelo brand then you'd have a much lower increase in the U.K. from an owned brand standpoint. And then in the U.S. we said up slightly, and that's all in, no structural adjustment so to speak on that one. So that would get you to, call it, a modest increase for all three markets. So that's, I guess, one point of view, just on kind of on our own brand. And then if you layer in those structural pieces, then Canada goes to a mid-single digit rate, the U.K. actually drops to a low-single digit rate, and the U.S. stays where it is. If you net those out, I guess, you still end up somewhere in the low-single digits if you give us 42% of MillerCoors.
Unidentified Analyst: So like on the U.K. though, there isn't associated revenue increase along with the Modelo brand that would offset kind of the COGS increase?
David Dunnewald: Yes, that would be the other part of your question, thank you. Those structural items, those do, in every case I can think of, they actually do drive net sales revenue per hectoliter up as well, not just cost of goods, or in the case of -- let's see, in the case of the U.K., they drive them down, because then you're layering on a component of NSR per factored brand and contract production. So, yes, in all cases that I can think of, they have both NSR and cost of goods impact in the business. And then to figure out whether that results in gross margin enhancement or compression, I'll leave that to you since we don't give earnings guidance. But if you're in the low-single digits, I mean, that's kind of where we ended up on an all-in basis without doing any careful math, compare that to your expectation for pricing. We've had relatively good pricing -- actually, in the fourth quarter, we had good pricing in all three of our major markets.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Mark Swartzberg of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess I wanted to understand more your comments about global MG&A in 2011. I guess, a, am I comparing numbers right? I'm looking at 2010 at $172 million, and now you're saying as much as $200 million for '11.
David Dunnewald: Yes, does that sound good, Greg?
Greg Snyder: Yes.
David Dunnewald: Yes, 172 up to around 200. And it's just Corporate and International, yes.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: So $28 million for -- I guess, you called out China. It still seems like a pretty big number relative to your presence in China. So I guess, am I right in thinking that's all China? Or is there something else going on there?
David Dunnewald: Yes, there is. These are investments, really, in a number of markets around the globe. So think about the existing Coors Light business in China. We've been ramping up spend behind that brand for some time. And it's getting to be a decent-sized brand in a relatively small slice of a large market, I guess, is the way I’d put it, at the very top end of the market. So, anyway that would be a continuation of that trend. You also have essentially, layering on 100% of the Si'hai Brewing Company, not only marketing, but also overheads. And then, as I say, only half of that actually drops to the bottom line, the other half is taken out under the minority interest line in the consolidated income statement. And then you have other markets like Spain and Vietnam and Mexico and Russia, where we’re spending -- we see very good growth opportunities. And it's important to mention that we'll also have Modelo in Japan, and that brand, which obviously, we want to make the most of that opportunity as well. So I think if you add all that up and I think that the other point that I wanted to make sure I made earlier was that as we make these investments, obviously, the goal is to sell more beer. And if you sell more beer, then you're going to be -- your operating income or loss line will look different from the MG&A line.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And this might continue on March 2, but it's interesting to see your International strategy from an internal perspective. I guess it's acquisitions, but anyhow, it's interesting to see your International strategy unfold here. Because you're really saying that '11's a big year for you guys internationally in terms of your own aim. So what kind of return do you think about getting on that kind of step up and spend, and what kind of timing are we talking about on that return? And I guess, are we going to get more of a focus on International on March 2?
David Dunnewald: The last question first. Yes, as always, we'll give you more strategic, maybe even tactical information related to the International group on March 2 in New York. As far as how long does it take to return, well, as with all of our investments, we have an expectation that over not too long, we're going to see a nice return from those investments. We expect all of our markets to get to a point of profitability, even the investment markets, over a reasonable time frame. That depends though on the, call it, the long-term potential of the market. And so there really isn't a one-size-fits-all answer to the question of how long are we willing to invest in a market like that before we get to, call it, pretax profit. And the other thing I'd say is, our international strategy really has two major components. One is, just what we talked about, in the International group, where we're investing in markets like China and Spain and Vietnam and Mexico. And at the same time, we look at opportunities to invest incremental cash in growth opportunities aside from the existing businesses, and that includes things like buying an interest in the China brewery and looking at other potential growth opportunities around the globe.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'll wrap here, but if on March 2 -- the opportunity's exciting. There's a pretty long history, as you know, of brewers kind of falling pretty hard in some of the investments they've made in some of the markets you've cited, but you have a strong brand with Coors Light, for example. But anything you can do, on the 2nd, to say, our executives have been through some of those flops, our way of analysis is more rigorous in terms of returns, anything you can do to kind of allay concerns that your investors are going to see you spend the money and not get the return, would be great.
David Dunnewald: I not only understand, but appreciate the feedback, Mark.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I'm showing no further questions at this time, sir.
David Dunnewald: Okay. Great. Well, thank you, all, for joining us. Appreciate your interest in Molson Coors. If you have additional questions that we did not cover during our time this afternoon, please call me on my direct line or Leah Ramsey on her direct line or at the main number here at Molson Coors, which is (303)927-BEER [(303)927-2337]. Also wanted to remind you that we have our upcoming events. The main one is that we have our Annual Investor and Analyst Day in New York on March 2 at the Essex House. So we hope to see many of you there. Thank you, again, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all now disconnect. Thank you, and have a nice day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Leo Kiely - Chief Executive Officer, MillerCoors David Perkins - Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Canada and President of Molson Coors Canada Stewart Glendinning - Chief Financial Officer Peter Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director David Dunnewald - Vice President of Global Investor Relations Krishnan Anand - President of Molson Coors International
Analysts: Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank AG Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Carlos LaBoy - Crédit Suisse First Boston, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2010 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference call, Mr. Dave Dunnewald, Vice President of Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
David Dunnewald: Thanks, Kevin. Before we get started, I want to paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussions today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call and from time to time by our executives in discussing the company's performance, please visit the company's website at www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the financial reporting tab of the Investor Relations Page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. And with that, I'd like to now turn it over to Peter Swinburn, President and CEO of Molson Coors. Peter?
Peter Swinburn: Thanks, Dave. Hello, and welcome, everybody. And thanks for joining us today. With me on the call is Stewart Glendinning, Molson Coors, CFO; Leo Kiely, CEO of MillerCoors; Gavin Hattersley, CFO of MillerCoors; Dave Perkins, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors U.K.; Kandy Anand, President of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors Chief Legal Officer; Bill Waters, Molson Coors Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors Vice President of Investor Relations. On the earnings call today, Stewart and I will share highlights of our first quarter 2010 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspectives on the balance of 2010. And then as usual, we will open it for questions. So let's get started. In the early part of 2010, we continue to face challenging economic and beer industry conditions primarily as the result of high unemployment and the slow recovery in consumer confidence. These conditions negatively affected our company's volume and financial performance with Molson Coors worldwide volume declining 3.8% and underlying pretax income down 19% versus a year ago. Adding the impact of a much higher tax rate this year, underlying after-tax income decreased 29.5% in the first quarter.  More importantly from our perspective, we are seeing signs of progress in key areas of our business as a result of our continued investment and focus on brands and innovation. In Canada, as we indicated on our last earnings call, challenging pricing and cost comparisons resulted in lower earnings in the first quarter versus a year ago. But our strong volume and market share performances demonstrated the benefit of the brand innovations we rolled out late last year and early this year.  Based on the current environment, the strength of our Canada portfolio will drive improving results over the balance of the year. And despite a 3.6% drop in MillerCoors domestic volume, our U.S. underlying income grew slightly in the first quarter due to positive pricing and aggressive cost reductions. We are pleased with these results in a difficult volume quarter and look forward to improved sales as the economy recovers. In the U.K., the strength of our brands continue to boost margins as they have over the past two years. Having achieved this, we now expect to drive more stable U.K. market share as the year progresses. Overall, our core business remains strong and well positioned to take advantage of growth opportunities as the economy recovers. During our most recent briefing between investors and analysts in early March in New York, we provided a detailed look at how we are executing our strategies around brands, innovation and cost reductions. Let me take a moment to update you on our progress against those priorities in the first quarter. On brands, despite tough economic conditions, we remain committed to a strategy of continued brand investment because we believe that a strong portfolio of brands is the key to growing profitably as markets improve. In Canada, in the first quarter, we saw growth in Molson Canadian for the first time in four years. And Coors Light continued to achieve strong growth. In fact, Coors Light is now the largest selling beer in Canada. In the U.K., we continue to see the benefits of our brand-building and pricing strategies. And In the U.S. industry volume remains weak, but five out of our six strategic brands again grew market share in the first quarter. And we are confident that our branded innovations efforts will be rewarded as conditions improve.  When we met with many of you two months ago in New York, we discussed our commitment to innovation as a driver of growth and the ability of Molson Coors to own innovation and lead the industry in this area. I'm especially pleased with the progress we've made over the past few months to bring innovations to market that offer compelling value propositions for beer drinkers.  Key examples include introducing or expanding Molson M, Canadian 67, Rickard's Dark, Keystone and Miller Chill in Canada, along with home draft, aluminum pint bottles, Blue Moon cans, wartex bottles for Miller Light and code-activated packaging for Coors Light in the U.S. and Blue Moon draft, cold-activated cans for Coors Light and taste-lock cans for Carling in the U.K. These innovations help to drive positive market share in the U.S. and Canada in the first quarter and positive pricing in the U.K. On costs, we committed to deliver $150 million of resources for growth to savings by 2012, along with our share of $700 million of savings of MillerCoors. In the first quarter, we exceeded our cost reduction targets with $15 million of RFG2 savings and $60 million of MillerCoors cost reductions, underscoring again our ability to meet or exceed our cost commitments through our disciplined approach to these critical initiatives.  We have also achieved a favorable resolution of Brazilian tax indemnities and announced a dividend increase and the purchase of a controlling share in the Si'hai Brewery in China. Stewart will discuss these in the context of our $760 million free cash flow target and our cash use priorities. So with that as an overview, I'll turn it over to Stewart to review first quarter financial results and highlights of our brands, innovation and cost reductions across our company. And then, we'll cover the outlook for 2010. Stewart?
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks, Peter, and hello, everyone. I'll start with the first quarter financial highlights. Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors declined 3.8% from a year ago, driven by industry weakness in the U.S. and U.K., as well as our pricing strategy in the U.K.  On the bottom line underlying after tax income of $69.7 million or $0.37 per diluted share, decreased 29.5% from a year ago due to lower volume, higher marketing, general and administrative expense and a higher effective tax rate this year.  It is important to note that our first quarter underlying earnings excludes some non-core gains, losses and expenses primarily related to a sale of real estate, changes in the value of our fastest cash-settled total-return swap in MillerCoors integration costs, as well as net special charges of $2.6 million.  The adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results are described in detail in the earnings release we distributed this morning. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results we share with you today will be in U.S. dollars. And results comparisons will be versus the comparable prior-year period. In segment performance highlights starting with Canada. Underlying pretax income and local currency decreased 14% in the first quarter. Strong volume in operations, cost reductions in the quarter were more than offset by cycling lower levels of price discounting a year ago, along with higher commercial and overhead costs this year.  Our prior-year results included overhead cost reductions, favorable impacts from consolidating the beer stores in Ontario and equity income from our interest in the Montréal Canadiens hockey club. These prior-year impacts which did not reoccur this year accounted for more than 70% of the decline in first quarter Canada local currency income.  In U.S. dollars, Canada underlying earnings decreased 3.3% to $56.2 million in the first quarter, which reflects the $9 million benefit of a 21% year-over-year increase in the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar. So let's review some highlights. Our Canada sales to retail or STRs for the calendar quarter ended March 31, increased 5%. We estimate that about half of this increase was driven by our successful sponsorship of the Winter Olympic games in February along with an earlier timing of the Easter holiday this year.  Strong brand performance also drove our Canada STRs with mid-single-digit growth from Coors Light and Molson Canadian brands along with positive growth for Molson Dry and Rickard's, partially offset by a decline in Molson Export in our nonstrategic brands. We are off to a solid start in the revitalization of Molson Canadian by leveraging our sponsorship during the Olympics, launching new ad creative and packaging, continuing to drive distribution of Molson Canadian, of Canadian 67, and ensuring competitive pricing in our regional markets. During the first quarter, we also launched Molson M into the Atlantic region, Keystone into the West and Ontario regions, and Rickard’s Dark across the rest of Canada. These brand initiatives along with the addition of Granville Island volume and incremental sales from the Vancouver Winter Olympics held in February, helped us to increase our market share a 0.5 a point versus a year ago. Total Canadian beer industry sales to retail increased an estimated 3.8% in the calendar first quarter, driven in part by the Winter Olympics and Easter holiday timing. Our Canada sales volume at 1.8 million hectoliters in the first quarter, up 3.3%. Net sales per hectoliter declined 2.7% in local currency. About 2/3 of this decline was driven by cycling our less-competitive price position in the first half of 2009, which we expect to fully cycle by this summer.  During the second quarter last year, we began implementing strategies to make our brands more competitive in Canada, including more competitive pricing for some brands and markets. Balance of the decrease in sales per hectoliter was due to lower export sales to the U.S. Cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 4.6% in local currency in the first quarter driven by the net effect of two factors. First, savings from our RFG2 program reduced cost of goods sold per hectoliter by more than three percentage points. And second, lower export volume to the U.S. reduced the cost of goods sold rate by about 1.4 percentage points. Marketing, general and administrative expense in the quarter increased 12.7% in local currency, with a little over 1/3 of the change driven by higher commercial and innovation spending to build brands. The balance of the increase was due to prior-year benefits that included the last two months of consolidating the Ontario beer stores, along with adding Granville Island overhead costs this year. Other income decreased $5.5 million in the first quarter due to foreign currency movements and the lack of the Montréal Canadiens equity income this year. Moving to our U.K. business. In the first quarter, underlying pretax profit of $2.1 million represents a decrease of $1.4 million due to a $7.1 million non-cash increase in defined benefit pension expense. If we excluded the first quarter increase in pension expense, our U.K. underlying pretax income would have more than doubled driven by positive benefits of continuing to leverage our contract brewing arrangements, brand-building efforts and strong pricing. Our first quarter U.K. results include only minimal impact from foreign exchange movements. By looking at first quarter highlights, our U.K.-owned brand volume increased 10.9% due to declining industry volume, partly as a result of poor weather. Volume was also impacted in the first quarter as we worked on concluding contract negotiations with some of our major customers, especially in the off premise channel. Total U.K. beer industry volume declined approximately 5% in the first quarter. Net sales per hectoliter of our owned products increased 21% in local currency with about 13 percentage points driven by higher pricing in all channels as we continued to benefit from our strategy and forego low-margin volume and eight percentage points as a result of positive sales mix, predominately due to growth in Magners Cider and Cobra. Cost of goods sold per hectoliter of our own products increased 22% in local currency driven by five factors: Incremental pension expense represented four percentage points of this increase, 1% was due to input cost inflation; seven percentage points were due to mix, driven by growth in Draught Magners Cider and Cobra and higher employee related costs; seven percentage points of the increase was due to fixed cost deleverage related to lower owned brand volumes; and three percentage points predominantly relating to 2009 performance that we do not expect impact the balance of this year. Marketing, general and administrative expenses in the U.K. increased 10% in local currency with six percentage points due to higher pension expense this year. Balance was due to information systems investments and the cost of adding the Cobra sales force and higher employee-related costs. In our U.S. segment. Underlying pretax income increased 0.4% to $94.6 million in the first quarter driven by MillerCoors results. Looking at total MillerCoors P&L. First quarter underlying net income increased 0.4% to $217.2 million due to favorable U.S. pricing and delivery of cost-savings, which were offset by soft volumes, cost deleverage and commodity price pressures. MillerCoors domestic STRs declined 4% driven by continued weak economic conditions affecting the entire industry. Domestic sales-to-wholesalers declined 3.6% driven primarily by lower retail sales. Total net revenue decreased 0.9% to $1.7 billion. Nonetheless, pricing remained strong in the quarter as domestic net revenue per hectoliter, which excludes contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales increased 2.1%. Cost of goods sold or COGS per hectoliter increased 5.9% driven by increases in commodity costs with significant increases in brewing materials, malt and corn, packaging materials, glass and aluminum and higher fuel costs. COGS per hectoliter continued to be negatively impacted by the absorption of fixed and semi variable costs across lower production volumes. Marketing, general and administrative expense decreased by 9.2% primarily due to synergies. In our International and Corporate segment, the underlying pretax loss for International and Corporate combined was $65.8 million in the first quarter, an increase of $17.4 million driven by three factors. First, higher interest expense due to a year-over-year appreciation of the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. Dollar; second, cost to implement our RSG2 cost reduction initiatives; and third, the timing difference in the company's incentive compensation expense, which is more heavily weighted towards the first quarter this year versus the second quarter in previous years. As a result, first quarter of Corporate net interest expense increased $4.3 million. And Corporate general and administrative expense increased $12.3 million to $33.4 million.  It is important to note that a significant portion of the first quarter of Corporate G&A expense increase was due to timing, or infrequent factors. As a result, we expect Corporate G&A to be roughly flat for the balance of this year.  Our international team grew sales volume nearly 20% in the first quarter up a small base, driven by sales in China and Europe. Speaking of China, we announced this morning that we have signed an agreement to form a joint venture with Hebei Si'hai Beer Company in China for a total cash investment of approximately $40 million. We will gain a 51% controlling interest in the joint venture, which will be called Molson Coors Si'hai Brewing company.  This JV will give us access to a quality regional brewery for the production of Molson Coors brands along with sales of the regionally strong Si'hai brands. We expect this new venture to be accretive in the short term and to grow long-term shareholder value by reducing costs and increasing the growth potential for Coors Light in the world's largest beer market by volume. We plan to close the transaction this summer. Back to first quarter results. MG&A expense for international was $11.6 million in the quarter, an increase of $0.6 million due to brand investments in our priority international markets. Corporate other expense was $7.4 million driven by a $6.9 million non-cash mark-to-market loss related to the total return swap we arranged with respect to Foster's common stock. As a result, as usual, mark-to-market to gains and losses on the Foster swap are excluded from our underlying earnings. Now, highlights of our cost reduction initiatives. We kicked off our RFG2 program in the first quarter with $15 million of cost-savings towards the program's three-year goal of $150 million. In addition to our RFG2 savings, MillerCoors delivered $53 million of incremental cost synergies in the first quarter toward the original $500 million three-year synergy commitment. MillerCoors also delivered $7 million of cost reductions against its new $200 million cost-savings program to be delivered by the end of 2012. We benefit from 42% of the MillerCoors cost savings. Moving beyond, operating business performance. Our first quarter effective tax rate was 16% on a reported basis and 19% on an underlying basis. With a regard to our balance sheet during the first quarter, we reached an agreement with FEMSA to settled some indemnity liabilities related to purchase tax credits in Brazil. Resolution of these liabilities stem from a Brazilian tax amnesty program announced last year for a cash payment of $96 million.  This favorable settlement eliminated $284.5 million of maximum potential tax claims, of which $131.2 million of indemnity liabilities were accrued on our balance sheet. The result is a $42.6 million gain related to discontinued operations in the first quarter. With this settlement a reserve of less than $25 million for Brazil indemnities remains on our balance sheet. Total debt at the end of the first quarter was $1.74 billion. And cash, and cash equivalents totaled $657 million, resulting in a net debt of $1.08 billion. The first quarter each year is generally a cash-use quarter because of the seasonality of the beer business.  The cash flow for the first quarter of this year reflected a net cash use of $34 million, which was made up of $86 million of operating cash flow, plus $2 million of proceeds from asset sales, minus capital spending of $23 million and $99 million of net cash contributed to MillerCoors. This free cash flow result was an improvement of $46 million primarily due to improved working capital this year, partially offset by an increase in net cash provided to MillerCoors. If we exclude cash uses by MillerCoors to capture synergies and to buy the distribution rights for Miller and other brands in Denver, along with the return of collateral cash related to MillerCoors commodity hedges, our underlying free cash flow for the first quarter total a negative $5 million cash use, a substantial improvement from underlying free cash flow of negative $61 million in cash use a year ago. Note that the Brazil settlement was not paid until the first day of our fiscal second quarter, so this cash use will be included in second quarter results. With regard to our use of free cash flow, in addition to the favorable Brazil settlement, we announced yesterday our third consecutive annual dividend increase, this time a 16.7% increase to an annual dividend rate of $1.12 per share. Looking forward, we continue to expect full-year 2010 MG&A expense in the International Corporate segment of approximately $180 million plus or minus 5%. We now forecast full-year 2010 Corporate interest expense to be approximately $110 million at today's foreign exchange rates. Turning to our effective tax rate. We expect our full-year underlying tax rate for 2010 to be in the range of 18% to 22%, assuming no further changes in tax laws. We continue to expect our normalized long-term tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 26% after this year. Our 2010 capital spending outlook remains approximately $150 million for the full year. As always, this guidance excludes MillerCoors. At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for a look ahead to the balance of 2010. Peter?
Peter Swinburn: Thank you, Stewart. In 2010 we continue to focus on brand-building, innovation, reducing costs across our company and generating cash. In Canada, we've introduced new brands and innovation to strengthen our portfolio. The early results are encouraging. As indicated by our positive Canada share trends in the last two quarters.  This brand-led focus will continue with the upcoming expansion of Miller Chill across Canada early this summer. By summer, we also expect to have cycled nearly all of the step-up in price discounting activity last year. At the same time, the Canadian dollar is strong. The economy has started to show encouraging signs of improvement and based on the strength of our brands, we are achieving moderate, selective price increases in most regions of Canada. In the U.K., the business has continued to make substantial progress in improving profitability. We are succeeding with our strategy of value ahead of volume, which continues to strengthen our overall position within the U.K. market. Although the U.K. business lost market share in the first quarter, we are confident that our share trends will improve in the balance of the year. We are taking a number of actions in key areas of the business to drive momentum. In the off premise, trading deals have been signed with all major retail chains. In the on premise, nearly all major customer contracts have also been renegotiated with annual price increases on an average three-year contract life. We are growing portfolio strength in a number of areas, including Cobra performing ahead of acquisition objectives and Coors Light growing at strong double-digit rate in the off-premise, and increasing share in Ireland. In the U.S., we successfully grew profit despite a challenging selling environment in the first quarter. As we enter the key summer selling season, we're investing in brand innovation, chain account focus, execution, quality and people to win in U.S. beer. As we continue to deal with economic and competitive pressures, we remain focused on building our brands and managing costs. Following, are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the second quarter. In Canada, our sales to retail in April declined at a low single digit rate due in part to the Easter holiday shift. In the first five weeks of the second quarter, our U.K. STRs have decreased at a low double-digit rate. In the U.S., for the four weeks ending April 24, MillerCoors STRs declined at a low-single-digit rate due to continued industry softness with some trend improvement aided by favorable weather in April. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a very small portion of the second quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. In the area of cost outlook by business. In Canada, we continue to expect our 2010 cost of goods sold per hectoliter to decrease at a low-single-digit rate in local currency driven primarily by the delivery of RFG2 cost-savings. In the U.K., we now expect 2010 cost of goods per hectoliter of our own product to increase at a high single-digit rate in local currency. Drivers include the step up in pension expense this year, a low-single-digit increase in input cost inflation, which is a substantial improvement over last year, and a shift in our sales mix towards the high cost off-premise channel, as well as product mix reflecting more Cobra and Draught Magners volume. We expect cost of goods comparisons to be more challenging in the first half of the year than in the second half, due to less fixed cost deleverage and cycling of the Cobra acquisition in the second half. In the first quarter, we also agreed a multi-year agreement to contract brew ales for Carlsberg beginning in 2011 which will help us to continue to maximize U.K. asset utilization. In the U.S., MillerCoors remains on track to deliver $750 million in total synergies and other cost-savings by the end of 2012. Supply-chain integration continues to proceed on schedule. The brewery optimization project is nearing completion as beer production moves are more than 90% complete. The next phase of supply-chain integration will include the realignment of teams in quality, engineering and packaging and manufacturing and supply-chain development. We expect U.S. COGS per hectoliter will be up at a low-single-digit rate for the full year of 2010, though we anticipate some degree of fluctuation within the year. We expect to see a low-single-digit increase in the second quarter and approximately flat for the second half of the year. So to summarize our discussion today, despite challenging economic and industry conditions, we have continued to execute our strategies for brands, innovation and cost reduction, which we outlined in New York earlier this year. We are encouraged by the trends we are seeing as a result of the right investment in brands and innovation and aggressive cost reductions in each of our businesses. As a result, we believe our company is stronger and better positioned to take advantage of growth opportunities as the economy recovers. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 2:00 p.m. Eastern time today, our Investor Relations team, led by David Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, essentially a working session for analysts and investors who have additional questions regarding our quarterly results. That call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. So at this point, let's open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christine Farkas with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: I had a question on Canada, a couple of questions on Canada, if I could. First thing on pricing, down 2.7%. It seems to me and please correct me if I'm wrong that sales mix might have been favorable. And I think there was a step up in Quebec minimum pricing in core [Audio Gap] Take us through the net of the pricing and the mix and perhaps regionally, where you might have seen some more discounting?
David Perkins: Yes, Christine, it's Dave Perkins. So on the 2.7, about 2/3 of that is due to the cycling, our less competitive position last year. What we've seen this year is reasonable stability in the pricing environment. I think Quebec has been quite stable. We haven't seen much change in recent quarters. What we have seen obviously as we've moved through successive quarters is a drop off of the benefit that we get from general price increases that went into effect over a year ago. So that actually is the reason that we've seen this drop off in NSR per hectoliter. There really hasn't been the kind of mix issues -- the one thing I would point out is in the last few weeks and months, and in particular, during February and March, we were able to put in place moderate price increases on selective brands and packages in nine of our 10 provinces. So there has been price increases going into effect.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: And if I can follow up on cost of goods, in Canada, it's sharply different than in the U.S. where you're enjoying lower cost of goods, where in the U.S. it's higher. So I'm trying to understand the picture on the commodities front, perhaps offset by the fixed cost leverage. Maybe you compare why we're seeing such a difference in that management?
Stewart Glendinning: Stewart here. Maybe I could pick that up. I think the first thing is to bear in mind that each of these geographies got a fairly different mix just in terms of costs. So your U.S., for example, has about 50% of its -- roughly half of its costs are in packaging materials. Whereas in Canada, it's less than 1/3. So right there is a big difference in terms of why you're not seeing that packaging cost coming through in Canada quite as strongly. The other thing to bear in mind in Canada is that over the last year you've seen a strengthening of the U.S. dollar by approximately 20%. And that will have influence some areas they otherwise would have seen cost increases in, particularly metals and fuel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Swartzberg with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: A couple questions on Canada, starting either with you, Stewart or you, Dave. On the MG&A, if we assume kind of a flat volume picture in Canada for the rest of the year, is a 4% kind of increase in MG&A the right way to be thinking about it or a reasonable way to be thinking about it, local currency?
David Perkins: Well, Mark, I can't give guidance on that. Let me just review a couple of facts that will be helpful. Of the 12.7% increase in MG&A in our first quarter, 1/3 of that was increased commercial spend. The balance is related to Granville and some prior-year benefits, such as BRI deconsolidation and some other overhead savings. So I just point that out and then the other thing I just remind you is last year in 2009, you'll remember in the first half of the year, our MG&A was flat over the prior year. Q3, we increased 4% and Q4, we increased 14%. So there's obviously implications to cycling that. So hopefully, that's somewhat helpful to you.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Dave, also on Keystone, trying to get my arms around how significant this could be in Canada. Can you -- first -- I guess a couple of questions, number one, how is it priced versus Coors Light and Molson Canadian? And then secondly, how is it going? And thirdly, I think it's only, you said only in Western Ontario, what's your intention or what's the potential for it to be in other provinces as we move through the year?
Stewart Glendinning: Well, Keystone is actually in Ontario and Western Canada, so it's in a total of five provinces. They'd account for around 2/3 of the country. So it's in significant geography. The value -- it's priced in the value segment, so it is up against other value brands in the marketplace. And the value category in those markets that I've talked about would be in and around 20% of the market. Now the significance of the brand over time, we'll see. I mean, we're in very early days. We're driving distribution and awareness and trial right now. I'm pleased with what I'm seeing in the early days. But as I say, we've only been in a few weeks really. We're at the distribution levels that we want now, we have TV advertising supporting the brand. And so we're starting to build the awareness in trial that we need. But, it's very difficult to give you a clear sense of the upside potential on this at this point.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And than lastly Dave, why not keep talking about Canada here. Limelight obviously had a great summer last year. Can you just give us a sense how they're performing here in the early spring? And in your mind, what are the parts of your portfolio that are most directly going against them?
David Dunnewald: So the lime products last summer did very well during their first two months. They actually tailed off quite significantly post-Labor Day, post the September long weekend. And we've seen some discounting. I think because of inventory builds on some of the competitive products. So far, what we've seen this spring is not a major pop-up. But I mean the limes are still significant. We've come in with Miller Chill, which is our product in that segment. Again, we're in early days with that as we are with Keystone, we're building trial and awareness. It is going in across the country so it'll be a full national launch. And it will be supported in a meaningful way. So we feel good about our level of competitiveness. So far, we haven't seen the big bump up in the segment yet. But I think we're watching for the May long weekend which is when the warmer weather kicks in and usually you'll see products like this start to take hold.
Operator: Our next question comes from Marc Greenberg with Deutsche Bank.
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank AG: Peter, during the call, some of the press reporting that MillerCoors has bowed out of the NFL sponsorship, for Coors Light. Particularly curious here, as over the years you all have talked about how important that's been to Coors Light and its growth. So two parts really. First, with regards to the brand, how are you going to make up for losing such a big sponsor? And secondly, what kind of a cost impact might that have with regards to the U.S. business?
Peter Swinburn: I'm going to pass that on to Leo and Tom because I know that they've got all the answers to those. So Leo, do you want to pick that up?
Leo Kiely: Yes, Marc. It is no secret that the trademark negotiations for the NFL marks was up for renegotiation starting with the 2011, 2012 season. So that's -- that's a year away. Until midnight last night, we had a -- what we felt was a full value offer on the table that expired at midnight. That story broke on us this morning. This was a long-term decision based on our sense that the NFL marks were fully valued. And we look at each of those situations one up and one at a time. The two important points to remember. First -- first of all, we have a full season ahead of us, where we're fully committed to in 2010 and 2011, activating behind those marks on Coors Light before there's any change. Secondly, as you probably know, we have several -- in fact, Tom may even have the number, of very successful programs and activations with teams in our key markets, and those -- those have in some cases multiple years left on those activations. So we're comfortable with this. I don't think it's going to cost us anything. I think the question is how do we get smarter about how we spend those dollars and activate them behind the portfolio. So that's our point of view.
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank AG: Leo, I guess when I was talking about cost, I was really alluding to what kind of dollars may come back into the marketing portfolio as a consequence of not spending behind the NFL.
Leo Kiely: Yes. I don't think we've been public about what our baseline was on that. And we don't know, by the way, where the NFL's finally going to come out on this. So, I mean, I have to be very careful and respectful about that, but it gives us a significant amount of money to reallocate. And our judgment is we can reallocated it long-term more effectively, activating our innovation and a full mix of properties. In fact, I think it's an opportunity that's different for us as a new company than it was as Coors. So, hey, look. NFL's a great property. We're not running away from the NFL. We have tremendous advertising commitments there and we'll continue to. This is really how you activate trademarks and brands and these are decisions you have to make. I feel really confident about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carlos LaBoy with Credit Suisse.
Carlos LaBoy - Crédit Suisse First Boston, Inc.: Can you, Peter, can you give us some more insight on this announcement you made on this China investment; why start in this province with this brewer, maybe how much you paid for it per hectoliter? But more importantly, how do you look at capital requirements for China going forward? Is there going to be a major deployment of cash behind China and is this -- this is just the start of it?
Peter Swinburn: I'll let Kandy talk about the detail, Carlos, but to the general point, the answer's absolutely, no. If you remember in New York, we -- I think we tried to make it quite clear that our approach to our investment into developing markets in particular is that we don't want to send capital ahead of our brand development. So we go in, we develop the brand. We've been doing that in China in a pretty disciplined way for seven to eight years now. The brand has built up to -- it's in 42 different cities. It's national. It's got a critical mass. And so the actual equation for us is that we've got brand health scores, we've got brand momentum. And therefore, it makes it sensible for us to actually put fairly limited investment into a brewing capacity, which will give us both security of supply -- a quality of supply. But also we can justify it because we already have that critical of volume to date. So that really is the approach we take. We don't see ourselves putting more capital into China on top of this, we've got no plans for that at the moment. But obviously, as hopefully as the brand develops, we might review that, but that's a long, long way off. Kandy, any additions on that?
Krishnan Anand: Just to build on what Peter said, as you know since 2003, our business in China has been growing at about 30% per annum. So we thought this is the right time for us to take the next step in China. This joint venture, what specifically it does is allows us to further expand our distribution channels, gives us greater control on our brewing, increases our cost efficiency in China as well as more flexibility on packaging and brand innovation, that allows us to grow our share in the market. The Si'hai group is an attractive partner for us because of its strength in the Hebei province, which is north of Beijing. And its proven ability to build a cost effective and portfolio -- and profitable business in a fairly intensely competitive environment. So that's the strategic rationale and Peter explained to you our overall strategy around investments over there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from a follow up from Christine Farkas from Bank of America.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to follow up, Peter, on the Brazilian liability, now just to understand that is completely put to bed, that there'll be no more cash payments or negotiations on this topic?
Peter Swinburn: Well, certainly on this specific topic, Christine. No, that is put to bed. There are some other, as Stewart outlined, we do have some other issues on our balance sheet that are pretty minimal and we're much more confident of a successful outcome on them. But Stewart can give you the details.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes. To Peter's point, this was a more volatile enough part of the liability. I did highlight during the call that we've got less than $25 million on the balance sheet for remaining issues in Brazil. And that we feel that, that's a fair representation of the liability there.
Christine Farkas - BofA Merrill Lynch: Finally on your Fosters stake, I realize there's mark-to-market impacts every quarter. But could you tell us if your strategic thinking has changed there? Or if that value or if that investment is actually now smaller than it was before?
Peter Swinburn: No, Christine. It's not moved. The investment hasn't moved and our position really hasn't moved either. I don't think I can add much more to that which we've already said.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn it back over to you, Peter, for closing comments.
Peter Swinburn: Thanks, very much Kevin. And thank you everybody for your questions and for the interest in the business. And we look forward to speaking to you again in the end of the next quarter's results. Thanks a lot. Bye now.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-09 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter Swinburn - President and CEO Stewart Glendinning - CFO Dave Perkins - President and CEO, Molson Coors Canada Mark Hunter - President and CEO, Molson Coors U.K.
Analysts: Judy Wong - Goldman Sachs Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS John Faucher - JPMorgan Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus Raghavan Selvaratnam - MainFirst 
Operator:  Thank you all for attending Molson Coors Brewing Company 2009 fourth quarter and year end earnings conference call. I’d now like to read a prepared statement. Before we get started, we want to paraphrase the company’s Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K, 10-Q and proxy filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections.  The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call, please visit the company’s website www.molsoncoors.com for a reconciliation of all these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference Mr. Peter Swinburn the President and Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Brewing, Sir you may begin.
Peter Swinburn: Thank you again hello and welcome everybody and thanks for joining us today. With me on the call are Stewart Glendinning, Molson Coors CFO, Leo Kiely, CEO of MillerCoors, Gavin Hattersley the CFO of MillerCoors, Dave Perkins, CEO of Molson Coors Canada, Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors U.K., Sam Walker, Molson Coors Chief Legal Officer, Bill Waters, Molson Coors Controller, and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors Vice President of Investor Relations. On this morning I would also want to extend the special welcome to Kandy Anand who has joined Molson Coors as President of our international business in Asia, continently Europe and Latin America. Kandy brings with him more than 20 years of global brand and marketing experience most recently with Coke and Unilever, and we are delighted to have him on board with the Molson Coors team.  On the earnings call today, Stewart and I will take you through highlights of our fourth quarter and full year 2009 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company. Along with some initial perspectives on 2010, and then as usual we will open the call for questions.  So, we will get started. Underlying earnings for our company increased more than 85% in the fourth quarter versus the year ago driven by one time reduction in tax rate. Behind the headline number, our results were affected by weak volumes across all markets.  Cost increase in the U.S. and UK and brand investments in Canada. Overall, consumer demand remains sluggish and we see these conditions continuing to impact volume and mix in the near term. Our strategy remains consistent however, as we are focused on investing in innovation on our brands, on ensuring we maintain the strong sheet so that when the market conditions improve we are better positioned to accelerate our growth and capitalize on opportunities.  Our forums in the quarter and over the past year has benefited from this strategic focus. While our underlying earnings in the fourth quarter were aided by one time reduction in our tax rate, it’s important to point out that we grew or held our net pricing and market share in both the U.S. and Canada. 
(Audio Gap):
Operator:  Your line is now reconnected sir. 
Peter Swinburn: Okay, well my apologies everybody, I am not quite sure what happened there and I don’t know how much everybody. So, for completeness I am going to start from the beginning again.  Underlying earnings for our company increased more than 85% in the fourth quarter versus a year ago driven by a one time reduction in tax rate. Behind the headline number our results were affected by weak volumes across all market cost inflation in the U.S. and UK and brand investments in Canada.  Overall consumer demand remained sluggish and we see these conditions continuing to impact volume and mix in the near term. Our strategy remains consistent however, as we are focused on investing and innovation on our brands and ensuring we maintain a strong balance sheet so that when market conditions improve we are better positioned to accelerate our growth and capitalize on opportunities.  Our performance in the quarter under the past year has benefited from the strategic focus. While our underlying earnings in the fourth quarter were aided by one time reduction in our tax rate, it’s important to point out that we grew or held our net pricing our market share in both the U.S. and Canada. Our Canada share performance represented a significant trend improvement from previous quarters.  In the UK we continued to forego low profit volume and share which helps us drive positive pricing and margins. For the full year we expanded our brand portfolios in Canada and the UK exceeded our goals for cost savings and maintained price discipline all of which contributed to a significant increase in our full year underlying earnings. Looking at the regional headlines for the fourth quarter our Canada team launched 3 new products and new ad created for Molson Canadian. As well as accelerating promotional activity behind our sponsorship of the Vancouver Winter Olympics.  These brand investments and the addition of Granville Island volume helps us to increase some market share a quarter of one point versus a year ago. Our share performance in the fourth quarter was particularly encouraging in the eastern provinces which represent nearly three quarters of our Canada volume.  A weak economy and industry along with the cost of these new brand investments resulted in a 5% decline in underlying Canada earnings in the quarter. But our brand work is beginning to give us the platform we require to improve share and revenue performance in Canada going forward. In the U.S. MillerCoors fourth quarter results reflect a significantly weaker beer industry than expected. Consumer's reduced overall volume of beer purchases and favored value over convenience in their choices as a result all major channels are worsening of sales trends in the fourth quarter versus earlier in 2009 in line with our overall strategy, our U.S. team continued to invest heavily in brands and maintain market share in a declining industry. In fact five out of six of our U.S. focus brands grew share in the fourth quarter. Nonetheless lower volume and adverse sales mix have a substantial negative impact on our U.S. financial results in the quarter with segment income declining nearly 9% from year ago despite delivery of cost synergies. Our UK team achieved another strong performance in the fourth quarter with 20% growth in underlying earnings driven by continued price management and solid brand building performance was particularly encouraging and the independent on premise channel and with the Cobra brand which we acquired in 2009. The results in the UK show what can be achieved with high equity brands such as Carling now Stewart will take you through the details but we are pleased with the progress of our businesses and the progress being made in building brands managing price reducing cost generating cash and becoming a stronger competitor in each of markets. Before we discuss the fourth quarter in detail I want to share with you some important accomplishments for 2009. For the full year we continue to make great strides in our brands, our competitive position cost reductions and cash generation but we gave back a lot so we can just see volume unfavorable currency movements and commodity inflation particularly in the U.S. and the UK.  Globally we reported underlying earnings of $707.4 million up 40.7% from a year ago on earnings per share increased $1.10 per share to $3.81 per share. Positive results were driven by a lower effective tax rate price discipline and cost reductions. Free cash flow for 2009 reflected net cash generation of $691 million which was made up of $824 million of operating cash flow plus $58 million of proceeds from asset sales minus capital spending of $125 million and $66 million of investing cash contributed to MillerCoors.  If you exclude one time cash uses by MillerCoors to capture synergies along with the return of collateral cash related to MillerCoors commodity hedges underlying free cash flow totaled $725 million for the full year in 2009.  As a result, we exceeded our 2009 underlining free cash flow goal which was $575 million by nearly 27%. We exceeded all of our cost reduction goals and announced our next generation of cost reduction called RFT 2 which plans to capture at least another $100 million of annualized cost savings over the next three years.  Also MillerCoors delivered $245 million of the $500 million synergy reduction in 2009. Additionally, MillerCoors delivered $26 million of its $200 million of next generation cost savings in 2009 and we of course benefit from 42% of these MillerCoors cost savings.  In Canada the leadership team led by CEO Dave Perkins is accelerating our strategy of brand development and innovation. Later in the year we introduced the first new Molson trademark brand for five years called MolsonM.  Along with a low calorie extension of Molson Canadian and the introduction of Rickard's Dark, these introductions are exceeding our expectations and have contributed to our share performance.  We also strengthened our Canada asset weight by selling out interest in the Montreal Canadiens Hockey Club and agreeing to buy Granville Island Brewing Company. The Granville Island acquisition we expect to close in the first half of 2010 further increases our presence in the highly profitable upper premium segment.  MillerCoors exceeded its synergy targets and announced another $200 million of cost saving reductions to be delivered by the end of the 2012. The U.S. team also invested heavily in building brands and sales capabilities. Despite the toughest U.S. beer market in decades, MillerCoors grew underlying income by more than 18% and greatly increased its cash generation in 2009.  MillerCoors was formed a year and a half ago to make as a stronger competitor and improve our financial performance in the U.S. and this team is delivering on that promise.  In the UK we drove volume on the back of the Carling brand strength delivered solid course like growth, purchase to controlling interest in the Global brand grew Magners Draught Cider and completed the ramp up of our contract brewing arrangements. We leveraged these strategic initiatives to balance price and volume priorities affectively. Additionally we closed our defined benefit pension scheme to all future accrual of time and benefits which will reduce the growth of these liabilities in the future. Our international teams enhanced its capabilities and continue to invest in developing markets in Asia, Europe and Latin America.  Due to our focus on cash generation to strengthen our balance sheet our cost savings success and on increased investment in brands in innovation, we entered 2010 a stronger more competitive company, than we were a year ago.  We will continue to build a strong a portfolio brand so that we were able to deliver share and revenue growth to go with our cost savings successes. So with that as an overview I will turn over to Stewart to review fourth quarter financial results and trends. And then we will cover the outlook for 2010, so Stewart over to you.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks Peter. Hello everyone now I will start with the fourth quarter financial highlights. Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors declined 4% from a year ago, driven by overall industry weakness as well as our pricing strategy in the U.K.  On the bottom line, underlying after-tax income of $190.3 million, or $1.02 per diluted share, was 85.5% higher than the fourth quarter a year ago driven by the favorable resolution of unrecognized tax positions and the year-over-year currency moments. Underlying pre-tax income declined 6% due to weak industry conditions in the U.S. and Canada along with cost inflation in the U.S. and UK. It is important to note that our fourth quarter underlying earnings exclude some one-time gains and losses and expenses, primarily related to the sale of our 19.9% interest in the Montreal, Canadians hockey team.  Changes in the value of our Foster’s cash-settled total-return swap and income tax rate change Ontario and MillerCoors integration costs, as well as net special charges of $11.1 million. These adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results are described in detail in the earnings release we distributed this morning. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results we share with you today will be in U.S. Dollars. In segment performance highlights, starting with Canada, underlying pretax income and local currency decreased 12% in the fourth quarter from a year ago excluding the impact of foreign currency hedges in other income. Lower production cost in the quarter were more than offset by increases in brand investments higher incentive compensation expense and the impact of deconsolidating our interest in the beer stores in Ontario, known as BRI Brewers Retail Inc. beginning in the first quarter of 2009 based on the strength of our brand investments and innovations we grew market share while maintaining net pricing versus the prior year.  In U.S. dollars Canada underlying earnings of $94.5 million in the fourth quarter decreased 5.3% which reflects the benefit of 15% year-over-year increase in the Canadian dollar versus the US dollar. The stronger Canadian dollar this year increased Canada segment underlying income by approximately $11 million in the quarter.  To provide more comparable results in our Canada discussions today, as we have done on our previous earnings call. We will exclude the sales and cost related to exporting beer to Campo La Cruz as well as the reporting effects of deconsolidating BRI.  So let’s review some highlights. Our Canada sales to retail or STRs for the calendar quarter ended December 31 decreased 1.2% versus the year ago. Coors Light continued to show growth and our new product launches are exceeding expectations.  The Molson Canadian Dry and export brands decline various prior year. Total Canadian beer industry sales to retail decline and estimates of 1.9% in the calendar fourth quarter. As a result, our estimated Canada market share increased about one quarter of share point in the fourth quarter versus the year ago driven by our portfolio building innovations and investments that our team rolled out last fall.  In the fourth quarter, our market share performance was strongest in Ontario, Quebec and the Atlantic provinces, especially later in the quarter as our brand building initiatives gained momentum.  Our Canada sales volume was $2.1 million hectare liter in the fourth quarter unchanged from a year ago. Comparable net sales per hectare liter were virtually unchanged in local currency various the year ago as favorable frontline pricing was offset by continued price discounting activity. Cost of goods sold per hectoliter in the fourth quarter decreased approximately 3% on a comparable basis in local currency, driven by the net affect of three factors. First, the decrease of about 1.5% was due to declines in commodity and packaging material input costs, partially offset by increases in distribution and pension costs. Second, savings from our sources for growth initiatives reduced cost of goods sold per hectoliter by about 3% and third, these decreases were offset by about 1.5% due to ongoing product mix shifts. Comparable marketing, general and administrative expense in the quarter increased 14.2% in local currency driven by higher brand investments as well as an increase in incentive compensation expense. Underlying other income decreased $8 million in the fourth quarter due to lower Montreal Canadian's equity income this year along with cycling prior year gains from foreign currency hedges. Note that this underlying result excludes a one time $46 million gain on the sale of our interest in the Canadian's hockey club in the fourth quarter. Moving to our U.S. segment, underlying pre-tax income declined 8.9% to $51.2 million in the fourth quarter as weak U.S. beer industry conditions drove lower volumes and significant cost de-leverage in our business. These negative factors were partly offset by favorable pricing, synergies delivery and reductions in marketing, general & administrative costs in the fourth quarter. Looking at the total MillerCoors P&L, fourth quarter underlying net income decreased 21.6% to a $106.1 million versus a year earlier. The difference in trend between MillerCoors income and our U.S. segment income is due to a $17 million increase in share base compensation expense for MillerCoors in the fourth quarter of 2009 which was driven by strong appreciation in the SAP Miller stock price versus a year ago. Note that this expense is attributable to higher mark to market values for stock based grants existing prior to the formation of MillerCoors and not the issuance of new grants. Share based compensation expense related to SAP Miller stock price is excluded from our U.S. equity income. MillerCoors' domestic sales to retailers STRs declined 3.6% primarily due to poor industry and economic conditions. In a weak industry our U.S. business held market share in the quarter. Domestic sales-to-wholesalers, STWs declined 4.2%, driven by lower STRs and a reduction in contract brewing volumes. MillerCoors total net revenue decreased 1.6% to $1.71 billion versus the prior year. Pricing remained strong in the fourth quarter as domestic net revenue per hectoliter which excludes contract brewing and company undistributed sales increased 2.3%. Cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 5.6% versus the prior year as savings from MillerCoors cost performance initiatives were more than offset by significant increases in brewing and packaging material cost including gloss and aluminum along with volume related cost deleverage. Marketing, general and administrative costs decreased 2.7%, driven primarily by synergies and other cost savings. This decreased would have been about 6% excluding the impact of increased share based compensation expense. Higher information technology cost also had an impact. Moving to our U.K. business in the fourth quarter, underlying pre-tax earnings increased nearly 15% in local currency from a year ago. This strong performance was driven by positive results from strategic actions of our U.K. team that they have taken in the past year including leveraging our contract brewing arrangement and brand building efforts which allowed us to forego low margin volume. These earnings drivers were partially offset by lower volume and higher incentive compensation expense in the quarter. In U.S. dollar terms, fourth quarter U.K. underlying pre-tax profit increased 20.3% to $36.8 million versus a year ago. These results include the benefit of a 4% increase in the valuation of the British pound versus the U.S. dollar which increased U.K. earnings by approximately $2 million in the quarter. Looking at fourth quarter highlights, our U.K owned brand volume decreased 9.3% in the quarter due to declining industry volume and a company strategy to forego low margin volume. U.K. brewer industry volume declined approximately 4% in the fourth quarter. Comparable net sales per hectoliter of our own products increased 18% in local currency driven by two factors. First, 10% was due to higher pricing at all channels as we benefited from our strategy to forego low margin volume. And second, 8 percentage points were due to positive sales mix predominately due to growth in draught Magners cider and Cobra. Comparable cost of goods sold per hectoliter of our own products increased 12% versus 2008 in local currency predominately driven by the following. 5% was due to input cost inflation with increases in can metal barley, bottles and utilities. 5% was mix driven by growth and draught Magners cider and Cobra. 3% was due to cost deleveraging impact of lower earned brand volumes. These factors are partially offset by a 1% cost reduction related to a mark-to-market adjustment on natural gas hedges which partially reverses a charge in the third quarter. Marketing, general and administrative expense in the U.K. increased 11% in local currency due to higher incentive compensation and investments in information systems along with a cost of adding the Cobra sales force this year. In the international and corporate segment, the underlying loss for international markets and corporate combined was $58.1 million pre tax in the fourth quarter, 7% higher than a year ago. Our international team grew volume more than 14% in the fourth quarter of a small base driven by sales in China, Europe and Latin America. MG&A expense for international was $15.8 million in the quarter, an increase of $5.5 million versus a year-ago as we increased investments in our priority international markets. In addition corporate general and administrative expense increased $2.5 million to $25.7 million, primarily due to higher incentive compensation expense. Fourth quarter corporate net interest expense increased $2 million from a year-ago with about $3.6 million of this increase attributable to foreign currency movements partially offset by approximately $2.3 million related to the deconsolidation of BRI. Note that interest expense for the fourth quarter of 2008 has been increased by $4 million retroactively in accordance with the new accounting rules for convertible debt. Corporate other expense increased $3.3 million driven by a non-cash mark-to-market loss related to the total return swap we arranged with respect to fastest common stock. As usual mark-to-market gains and losses on the fastest swap are excluded from our underlying earnings. Now highlights of our cost reduction initiatives. In the fourth quarter we captured an incremental $24 million of cost savings as part of our three year $250 million Resources for Growth, or RFG cost reduction initiative. For full year 2009 we achieved $92 million of savings. As a result we closed out our three year RFG program with a total of $270 million in permanent cost reductions which significantly exceeds our original commitment of $250 million for the program. In addition to our RFG savings, MillerCoors delivered $62 million of incremental cost synergies in the fourth quarter., MillerCoors also delivered $26 million of cost reductions against its new $200 million cost savings program to be delivered by end of 2012. These new cost initiatives are additional to the original $500 million three year synergy commitment. As with MillerCoors 42% of these new cost savings accrue to Molson Coors. Moving beyond operating business unit performance, our fourth quarter effective tax rate was negative 65% on a reported basis and negative 54% on an underlying basis. These tax rates are well below our long-term rates due to the favorable resolution of unrecognized tax positions in the fourth quarter. Total debts at the end of the fourth quarter was $1.71 billion and cash and cash equivalents totaled $734 million resulting in net debt of 0.98 billion. Looking forward, we expect full-year 2010 MG&A expense in the Corporate and International Markets segment of approximately $180 million plus or minus 5%. We anticipate full-year 2010 corporate interest expense to be approximately a $105 million at today's foreign exchange rates. Turning to our effective tax rate we expect our full year underlying tax rate for 2010 to be in the range of 18% to 22% assuming no further changes in tax laws. We continue to expect our normalized long term tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 26% after this year. Our 2010 capital spending outlook is approximately a $150 million for the full year. As usual this guidance excludes MillerCoors. At this point, I will turn it back over to Peter for a look ahead to 2010. Peter?
Peter Swinburn: Thanks, Stewart. In 2010 we will continue to focus on brand building, reducing costs and generating cash. In Canada, we begun to implement against our commitment to include the brand portfolio with the launches of Rickards Dark, Molson M and Molson Canadian 67, a low calorie option for consumers and we have seen favorable volume strength in the later of the fourth quarter as a result. This focus is continued into 2010 with the first quarter launch of Keystone Light and Keystone Lager into the Ontario and Western regions as well as a redesign of our common packaging to reflect the visual appeal of the biggest beer brand in the U.K. Both of these portfolio enhancements leveraged our global brand set and are designed to strengthen our value offerings in the Canada regions where we have faced significant challenges specifically from the smaller brewers who have been the market share beneficiaries for the past several years. For the U.S. we are investing behind our brands which we demonstrated late last year with our stepped up advertising for MGD 64 and national TV advertising for Blue Moon. We believe that we have the right positioning for our brands and we are investing aggressively in big ideas, in marketing and innovation to bring them to life. You will see it in this spring with the Miller Lite and Coors Light as we grow with our toned draughts. You will see it as we expand distribution of the Miller Light aluminum pint and later this year introduce Coors Light aluminum pint. We also plan to roll our Blue Moon variety packs and introduce a new advertising campaign for Keystone Light and to start a big push for Miller High Life Light. Finally you will see stepped up investment behind MGD 64 as we prepare for some new competition in the ultra light beer market. In the U.K the business is now on much firmer footing and has made substantial progress in improving profitability. During 2010, we expect incremental benefits to accrue from our Cobra brand which we will began brewing during the year. We're also in the process of implementing a new enterprise information system in the fall of 2010 and I'll be expecting moderate implementation cost in the near term. This system will help drive efficiency in future years. You will recall that we closed our U.K. defined benefit pension plan in April 2009 with a view to minimizing future risk and exposure. Despite a recent improvement in the global economic outlook, pension related interest rates have fallen to historical lows and equity values remain below peak levels of two years ago. As we result we expect our 2010 U.K. pension expense to be approximately 20 million pounds higher than 2009. We do not expect this deterioration in funded states to have an impact on U.K. cash contributions in 2010. Following are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the first quarter. In Canada, our sales to retail in January decreased at low single digit rates driven by continued economic conditions and the first five weeks of the first quarter our U.K. STRs have decreased at a double digit rate impacted by the coldest January in more than two decades. In the US for January most MillerCoors trading day adjusted STRs declined at a high single digit rate. It is important to note that after adjusting for the shift in the Super bowl into February and the impact of the prior year price increase in Puerto Rico, January STR trends were in line with the fourth quarter. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a very small portion of the first quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. In the areas of cost outlook by business, in Canada we currently expect our 2010 cost of goods sold per hectoliter to decrease at a low single digit rate as we anticipate that cost inflation will be more than offset by continued delivery of RFG savings. We expect 2010 cost of good per hectoliter in the U.K. to increase at a mid single digit rate in local currency. Drivers include a shift in our sales mix towards high cost off premise channel and product mix reflecting Cobra and draught Magners volume. We expect cost of goods comparisons to be more challenging in the first half of the year than in the second. In the U.S. MillerCoors delivered $250 million in synergies in 2009 bringing the total to $273 million since the beginning operations on July, 2008. The U.S. team now expects to achieve $450 million of cumulative annual synergies by the end of 2010. We expect U.S. cost per hectoliter to continue to increase early in the year and moderate in the second half of the year and these expectations are of course highly dependent on what we see in commodity pricing in overall industry volume. So to summarize our discussion today, our fourth quarter and full year 2009 results show the effect of weak industry volume along the continued cost inflation in the U.S. and the U.K. and increased brand building investment in Canada. Most encouraging for the future, we grew or held net pricing and market share in both the U.S. and Canada in the fourth quarter and in the U.K. we drew positive pricing, margins and profit on the back Carlings brand strength. Looking to 2010, we expect volume to remain challenging especially in the first half but we are focused on continuing to establish a strong brand base to our business that ensures we not only manage the current market but we take full advantage of the revenue upsides from momentum influence. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of this call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also 2 PM Eastern Time today, our Investor Relations team led by Dave Dunnewald who will host a follow-up conference call which essentially a working session for analysts and investors who have additional question regarding our quarter results. That call will also be available for you to hear by our webcast on our website. So, at this point we can open it up for questions. Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Judy Wong of Goldman Sachs. 
Judy Wong - Goldman Sachs:  My first question is on Canada and I'm wondering if you can give us some perspective on what the competitive dynamics look like in that market. Obviously we have seen your share improve in that market after some softness earlier in 2009 and I am wondering whether there has been any changes to the competitive situation. So if you can update on that is my first question?
Dave Perkins: Its Dave Perkins. Yeah, look. During Q4 we didn’t see any meaningful change from the sort of activity that we saw on Q3. So I would say there is stability there. We continue to have closed our meaningful price gap as we did through the second half. We're satisfied with where we're at. And so overall I would say reasonable stability from Q3. Obviously during the first quarter of 2010 if you see that same level of pricing activity, that will cause us some year-over-year comparison challenges related to pricing because of prior year but I would say overall feeling stable and satisfied with where we find ourselves.
Judy Wong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then Stewart, the free cash flow generation that you saw in 2009 clearly exceeding your guidance of $575 million underlying. So can you give us what the delta was in terms of what drilled that outperformance and then how we should think about that number as we look out for 2010?
Stewart Glendinning: Yeah Judy, really two big drivers for the out performance. One was related to obviously our higher earnings, say year-over-year. The second piece was related to a slightly lower CapEx plus obviously some benefits that are coming from asset sales. I think if you look at where we sit right now, we got about $700 million in cash. This is a business, but working capital wise it would take somewhere around $300 million. We are at the moment in a cash usage period of the year and it's not obvious until we get into the second and particularly the third quarter that we start to really generate cash. And at the same time, we do have a couple of opportunities to look at in terms of our balance sheet. Specifically our liabilities are ledged to the Brazilian tax credits. Also we later this year will have some debt maturing and something you will see in our 10-K is that we have a very large pension liability as a result of reduced discount rate. So you're looking at pension liabilities as somewhere in the almost $900 million range. So we've got some fairly big items out there on the balance sheet. Clearly, as we move into the back half of the year and we get into the cash generation phase of the year, we'll have a little bit more flexibility to look at other alternatives which we've highlighted in the past which would include obviously growing our business and sharing some of that cash with the shareholders.
Judy Wong - Goldman Sachs: And then Peter just from a strategic perspective or in an environment where all of your three markets are seeing an industry volume decline, so if trends really don't get better anytime soon, do you think there is maybe a greater urgency to look at some of the more growth opportunities outside of these markets whether it's in organic basis or looking at strategic opportunities from an acquisition or M&A perspective?
Peter Swinburn: We're being pretty consistent on this Judy. We are investing, not heavily but we are investing in new markets and I mentioned the appointment of Kandy earlier. So we are actually going into new markets as we speak with Coors Light but that’s not on an acquisition basis. Our belief is that we can still work our businesses that we've got pretty effectively and we will certainly not at this moment go for a heavy investment in any market that we don’t really have the skill set to work in and we don’t yet feel we have that skill set to something we are building up internally. But we're not there yet.
Operator: Thank you. our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala of UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS:  So when we think about the new Canadian portfolio, could you give us a bit of a read on what your picture of success is now in Canada. Your results are a bit better than they were perhaps the last quarter but if you could maybe give us a little bit of context done on volume or pricing or what you look at as the long term goals for that market?
Dave Perkins: Yeah, what we're working towards is really a brand portfolio that covers the broad spectrum of consumer occasions. So, because we're not able to say with certainly what the trends across segments will be, I think it's important to have a portfolio that can deal with the movements that we see going on these days. If you look at the super premium imports, we are well lined up with Corona, Heineken and MVD. You think of about premium domestic, we have the Rickards family. The addition of Rickards Dark has been well received. That is a strong brand for us. The growth in the micro area really gets covered for us with pretty more and more now moving towards Granville Island which allows us to participate there. Premium which is really the significant segment in Canada, between Coors Light Canadian and now Molson M and Molson Canadian 67, we feel well positioned across consumer needs that were seeing there and then in value we've recently made some packaging changes on Carling which has been well received but as importantly we just introduced Keystone into Ontario and the Western markets and that will enable us to play in the value segment. So, as we look at our business overall in Canada, our strength is in the mainstream premium and the areas of development opportunity for us are the top end and in the value segment. The moves that we have made recently around our portfolio whether through acquisition or innovation have really helped line us up nicely against those segments. So, success for me looks like building our development in above premium and value while maintaining our strengths in mainstream brand name.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Got it. And then one more follow-up on Canada. With the de-consolidation of the beer store, will that change the pricing dynamic in all that market?
Dave Perkins: No that would have no implication to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Faucher of JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: I wanted a follow up on Canada. If I remember correctly, you guys started off the fourth quarter relatively weekly and then rebounded. It appears pretty dramatically given the fourth quarter STR number to the point where you must have been positive potentially as you exited the quarter. So I guess the questions is, as we look at the weakness sequentially, I'm assuming in January, is there anything to that? Is that noise? Has something gotten a little bit worse as we entered into the first quarter of the year or is it something that we really shouldn't pay that much attention to? And also what caused things to get better as we went through the fourth quarter?
Dave Perkins: Let me start with the second question. What caused things to get better for us through the final quarter was really the innovation agenda and price competitiveness. So we have been although its early days on innovation, we're very pleased with what we're seeing there in terms of volume and share delivery as well as obviously the strategic strengthening of our brand portfolio. As we look at January, I assume you're referring to the low single digit volume decline and we believe that is fully attributable to economy as opposed to anything that’s happening within our business specifically if that answers your question.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Okay, so it does I guess but given the fact that the economy was probably bad in the fourth quarter, it sounds like its more noise than anything else. In terms of looking at how you exited the year versus how you started, it sounds like it's just a bit of normal volatility. Is that fair?
Dave Perkins: Yeah, I think that is fair. We do see ups and down in the industry. You will remember October was a difficult one. You go through all of 2009, you will see several months that bounced around quite significantly. So I'm certainly not reading anything more than the normal volatility and to where we're currently.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Carlos Laboy of Credit Suisse. 
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: You referenced fixed cost absorption in the U.S. in one of the releases. Do you have flexibility to scale back reduction capacity? Is that a consideration at this point? How are you thinking about that?
David Perkins : Just coming off news here. I think, the thing you remember about our capacity utilization is that we will be full out starting the end of the March through July cards, because if you look at last year we actually chased volume most of the year.  So our utilization rates will be great during the peak. What we have to prepare for is more flexibility in the shoulders that’s where we get the leverage that were soft overall market volumes make us most venerable and that’s what showed up in the fourth quarter.  So, are there ways to anticipate that better for next year than this year. I think there are yeah, we look at the plans to give us the most flex, and the plan that gives us the most flex in our system today is Golden, but that’s a decision we have to be prepared to take a really good look at coming at summer. 
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse:
audio gap:
David Perkins: Not in the short term just a pragmatics of cross border cost, tariffs etcetera, doesn’t look to be an opportunistic short term play perhaps in the longer term that’s implement beyond the game plan for North America but again you are dealing with a much different scale in breweries and much different tax and tariff realities. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Mark Swartzberg of Stifel Nicolaus. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Couple of technical questions I guess could you repeat the corporate MG&A numbers to what was your expectation for 2010?
Stewart Glendenning: MG&A for 2010 we have $180 million that includes the international fees.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: And then with Brazil we have been hearing about that for a while what's your best guess to when that gets result?
Stewart Glendenning: We don’t have a specific date for that, Mark. We think we have got good number that fits in our balance sheet as our best guide. We have ongoing discussions with them as it relates to this regulatory process has also been underway so there are few moving parts we are actively working on brining it to a resolution but I don’t have a date to share with you.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Lastly Dave, follow-up to John's question about the volatility in the month by month volumes in Canada, can you talk a little bit about innovations, how many points of growth you got from that in the fourth quarter and is it right to think that, that growth moderated in the month of January. Just trying to understand what the underlying trend for your business is?
Stewart Glendenning: I wouldn’t want to split out the growth that we have got from innovation and just for competitive reasons but I would say that innovation was a meaningful contributor but the underlying trends on the business we continue to see growth with Coors Light with Rickard we saw growth for our import, the micros and obviously through the innovation but where we continued to see difficulties with Molson Canadian was a mid single digit decline and somewhat moderated from the first half which is good news when you think of potential cannibalization issues and other Molson trademark brands that are being XXX and dry primarily would have been high single digit declines. So overall innovation played an important role for us, but the base business is still certainly the bulk of it. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: How would you characterize it's role in January versus the quarter? Was it, did it have a similarly meaningful impact?
Stewart Glendenning: Yes. I wouldn't characterize it as appreciably different than we saw through the last half of Q4 when those brands were in full effect.
Operator: Our next question comes from Raghavan Selvaratnam of MainFirst. 
Raghavan Selvaratnam - MainFirst: Just that question regarding the U.K. and competitive environment, you have already weighed prices quite significantly in quarter 4 what are you seeing from your competitors and may you lead to the fact that the poor weather in January lead to large drop in volumes and is that also perhaps due to the large prices increases, do you see?
Mark Hunter: Yeah, happy to do that. I think it's important to look at the context here we have now had 12 quarters of price increase and certainly over the last five quarters of price increases have been in the double digit range some of that by mix, some of that through our next selling price, you got to remember that not all of those price increases find out their way through to at the retail level, so some of them are renegotiations with our major customers are then absorbed by our customers, so we've been pretty I think consistent and regular with the need in a shrinking market to try and grow value ahead of volume.  I really don't want to comment on anything we're seeing in the market place from a competitive perspective pricing out retail continues to remain very, very competitive because our customers remain very, very competitive with one another. Clearly as we commented in January things have been tough across retail and total its just been announced today that the retailing industry had its work candidate for 15 years so certainly the two weeks are very, very vital and well out of the effective all of our sales haven’t been too much into January and December seems a lot weaker to specially back to (inaudible). 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Faucher of JPMorgan.
John Faucher - JPMorgan: Yes, actually just a follow-up on a question from before on Judy's question about cash flow. Did you guys provide cash flow guidance for 2010 I didn’t get it, so you can give us an idea what the order of magnitude is going to be there? Thanks. 
Stewart Glendenning: Thanks for that question, we have not given guidance yet. We expect in three weeks at our analyst meeting in New York that we will give you some more clarity then. 
Operator: Thank you. I assume there are no further questions at this time, sir.
Peter Swinburn: Okay, that’s perfect timing. Thanks very much everybody, sorry about the glitch early on but thanks for hanging in there and thanks for interest in the company and we will see a lot of you I am sure in New York in a few weeks time. Thanks a lot, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program you may all disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter Swinburn - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Stewart Glendinning - Chief Financial Officer Dave Perkins - Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada  Mark Hunter - Chief Executive Officer, Molson Coors U.K. Dave Dunnewald - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank  John Faucher - J.P. Morgan  Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus Ross Turner - Pelham
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2009 third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions)  Before we get started, we want to paraphrase the company’s Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K, 10-Q and proxy filings for a more-complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call, please visit the company’s website -- www.molsoncoors.com -- for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Peter Swinburn, President and Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Brewing. Sir, you may begin. 
Peter Swinburn: Thanks very much, Matthew. Hello and welcome, everybody and thanks for joining us today. With me on this call are: Stewart Glendinning, Molson Coors CFO; Leo Kiely, CEO of MillerCoors; Gavin Hattersley, CFO of MillerCoors; Dave Perkins, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors U.K.; Sam Walker, Molson Coors Chief Legal Officer; Bill Waters, Molson Coors Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors Vice President of Investor Relations.  On the call today, Stewart and I will take you through the highlights of our third quarter and year-to-date 2009 results and also will give you some perspective on the fourth quarter of 2009. As usual, we will include a review of financial results for MillerCoors. Then, we will open it up for questions. Molson Coors had a successful third quarter, with underlying earnings growing more than 22% versus a year ago. This headline profit has some non-operating and unusual noise in the numbers due to the favorable resolution of tax positions, partially offset by unfavorable currency and one-off headwinds. Stewart will take you through the details but given the economic and industry challenges, we are pleased with the performance of our company in the third quarter. Our results reflect a high level of brand investment, coupled with strong cost control and price management. They also show the effects of weak industry volume trends and continued cost inflation, along with more promotional pricing activity in Canada.  In terms of our portfolio performance, total-company volume in the third quarter declined, and worldwide Coors Light volumes were down slightly against a strong growth quarter a year ago. Looking at the regional headlines, in Canada comparable revenue per hectoliter and gross margin grew as front-line price increases outpaced growth in promotional activity and cost of goods sold. Lower volume and increased brand investments, however, resulted in a 2% decline in local currency earnings. Our U.K. team also reinvested higher revenue per hectoliter in its brands, while growing pretax profit in local currency more than 20% in the quarter. Also, the newly acquired Cobra brand got off to a good start in the quarter. MillerCoors achieved its 5th consecutive quarter of strong double-digit profit growth in the U.S., driven by cost synergy delivery, solid pricing and lower marketing general and administrative spending. Equally important, the U.S. brand portfolio performed well in the peak summer selling season against its competitive set. We remain focused on building a diverse portfolio of extraordinary brands, offering value-enhancing innovations for consumers and achieving positive pricing to grow our top-line and bottom-line as the economy improves. In a few minutes, I will give you a flavor for the investments we are making in brand building and innovation across our business as we close out 2009 and enter 2010. We continue to achieve significant success in generating cash and leveraging our capital base to increase returns. At the end of the third quarter, we have already achieved more than 90% of our $575 million free cash flow goal for the full year.  In terms of leveraging our capital base, we recently announced the sale of our ownership interest in the Montreal Canadiens hockey club and our intent to buy Granville Island Brewing Company of British Columbia. The Granville Island acquisition, which we expect to close early in 2010, will represent a high-return addition to our super-premium portfolio. When combined with our Ontario-based Creemore Springs Brewery, the Granville Island brands will position us for additional growth in the Canada craft and specialty segment.    So with that as an overview, I'll turn it over to Stewart to review third quarter financial results and trends and then we’ll cover the outlook for the final quarter of 2009. Stewart.
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks, Peter, and hello, everyone. I’ll start with third quarter financial highlights. Worldwide beer volume for Molson Coors declined 2.9% from a year ago, driven by industry weakness in our major geographies, as well as our pricing strategy in the U.K. On the bottom line, underlying after-tax income of $212.9 million, or $1.14 per diluted share, was 22.7% higher than the third quarter a year ago.  As Peter mentioned, the headline profit result has some non-operating and unusual noise in the numbers, so it is helpful to look below the surface. Headwinds in the third quarter included unfavorable year-over-year currency movements, a mark-to-market hedge loss this year, and supplier negotiation benefits last year both in the U.K. These headwinds totaled more than $22 million pretax in the quarter, with foreign currency making up $13 million of this total. Meanwhile, our underlying results benefited from the favorable resolution of some unrecognized tax positions, which increased $36.4 million versus a year ago.  If we take these factors out of our underlying results to get a better view of the ongoing performance of the business, after-tax earnings increased approximately 13% in the quarter. It is important to note that our third quarter underlying earnings do exclude some one-time gains and expenses, primarily related to our Foster’s cash-settled total-return swap and MillerCoors integration costs, as well as net special charges of $4.3 million. These adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results are described in detail in the earnings release we distributed this morning. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results we share with you today will be in U.S. Dollars. In segment performance highlights, starting with Canada, underlying pretax income in local currency declined 2% versus a year ago. Positive net pricing and the benefit of cost savings initiatives were offset by declines in volume and higher MG&A expenses, driven by increased brand investment and the deconsolidation of our interest in the beer stores in Ontario, known as Brewers Retail Inc., or BRI.  In U.S. dollars, Canada underlying earnings of $139.3 million in the third quarter declined 7.7% due to an approximate 6% year-over-year decline in the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar. The weaker Canadian dollar this year reduced Canada segment underlying income by approximately $9 million in the quarter. To provide more-comparable results in our Canada discussions today, as we have done on our previous calls, we will exclude the sales and costs relating to exporting beer to MillerCoors as well as the reporting effects of deconsolidating BRI.  So, let’s review some highlights -- our Canada sales to retail, or STRs, for the calendar quarter ended September 30th decreased 3.2% versus a year ago. Coors Light continued to show growth, while Molson Export and Molson Canadian declined versus prior year. Total Canadian beer industry sales to retail declined an estimated 0.7% in the calendar third quarter. Our estimated Canada market share decreased about one point in the third quarter versus a year ago. Our Canada sales volume was 2.5 million hectoliters in the third quarter, down 1.8% from a year ago. Comparable net sales per hectoliter increased 2% in local currency, driven by favorable net pricing, led by price increases across all major markets, partially offset by continued price discounting activity.  Cost of goods sold per hectoliter in the third quarter was flat on a comparable basis in local currency. This increase was due to the net effect of three key factors: first, commodity, packaging material, distribution and other input costs, including pension expense, increased about 1%; second, an increase of about 2% was driven by fixed cost deleverage related to lower export volume to the U.S. this year; and third, these increases were offset by savings from our Resources for Growth initiatives. Comparable marketing general & administrative expense in the quarter increased 4.4% in local currency, driven by higher brand and innovation investments. In the U.S., underlying U.S. segment pretax income grew 16.6% to $107.4 million in the third quarter, driven by continued strong underlying earnings growth by MillerCoors. Strong MillerCoors income growth was partially offset by cycling high equity income last year and one day of income for our legacy Coors business prior to the formation of MillerCoors on July 1, 2008. The equity income adjustments for our U.S. segment results are described in more detail in our earnings release distributed this morning.  Looking specifically at the total MillerCoors P&L, third quarter underlying net income increased 28.1% to $244.4 million from the prior year. MillerCoors is successfully delivering synergies, controlling costs, and managing revenue for sustainable profit growth, despite continuing commodity cost pressures.   In a weak U.S. beer market, MillerCoors domestic sales-to-retailers, STRs, were down 1.3% due to a decline in premium light volumes and continued softness in above premium and premium brands. Domestic sales-to-wholesalers, STWs, fell 0.7%, driven by lower retail sales. Despite the challenging environment, we're realizing the benefit of a well-balanced portfolio that offers consumers choice and variety in all segments. In the third quarter, during the key summer sales period, MillerCoors had four of the six largest dollar-growth brands in the scanner data. These brands are MGD 64, Coors Light, Miller High Life and Keystone Light. MillerCoors total net sales revenue increased 3.1% to $2.01 billion versus a year ago, driven by domestic net pricing. Pricing remained strong in the third quarter, as domestic net revenue per hectoliter, excluding contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, increased 3.7%, driven by sustained price increases taken in the fall of 2008 and reductions in discount activity.  Cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 3.5% as benefits from synergies and other cost-reduction programs were more than offset by higher brewing and packaging material costs under procurement contracts largely arranged prior to more-recent commodity market price reductions. Marketing, general and administrative costs decreased 4.5%, driven primarily by synergies and other cost savings. Moving to our U.K. business in the third quarter, underlying pretax earnings increased more than 20% in local currency from a year ago. This increase was driven by positive results from the strategic actions our U.K. team has taken in the past year, including leveraging our contract brewing arrangement and brand building efforts, allowing us to forgo low-margin volume. The benefit of these actions was partially offset by the one-time impact of a mark-to-market adjustment on natural gas hedges and cycling a one-time supplier negotiation benefit of $6 million in 2008, combined with lower volume and higher marketing, general and administrative expenses in the quarter.  In U.S. dollars terms, third quarter U.K. underlying pretax profit increased 6.5% to $32.7 million versus a year ago. These results include the impact of a 13% devaluation of the British Pound versus the U.S. dollar, which reduced U.K. earnings by $5 million in the quarter.  Looking at third quarter highlights, our U.K. owned-brand volume decreased 6.3% in the quarter due to declining industry volume and the company’s strategy to forgo low-margin volume. U.K. beer industry volume declined approximately 1% in the third quarter. Comparable net sales per hectoliter of our own products increased 21% in local currency, driven by two factors: first, 17% was due to higher pricing in all channels, as we benefited from our strategy to forgo low-margin volume; and second, four percentage points were due to positive sales mix, due to growth in draught Magners cider, Cobra, and favorable channel mix.  Comparable cost of goods sold per hectoliter of our own products increased 22% versus 2008 in local currency, driven by the following: 6% was due to cycling the one-time supplier negotiation benefit in 2008; 5% was due to input cost inflation; 4% was driven by growth in draught Magners cider, Cobra, and adverse channel mix; 3% was related to a mark-to-market adjustment on natural gas hedges, which is expected to partially reverse in the fourth quarter; and 2% was due to the deleveraging impact of lower owned-brand volumes.  Recall also that our contract brewing arrangements effectively take up spare capacity in the production network to deliver sales revenue which contributes positively to the bottom line company performance.  Marketing, general and administrative expenses in the U.K. increased 7.8% in local currency due to higher marketing, incentive compensation, and bad-debt expenses in the quarter, along with sales-related costs in our new Cobra business.  In the International Markets and Corporate segment, our International Markets team grew volume nearly 28% in the third quarter off a small base, driven by China and Europe. MG&A expense for International was $12.7 million in the quarter, an increase of $1.1 million versus a year ago. In addition, corporate general & administrative expense increased $7.7 million to $28.1 million, primarily due to higher incentive compensation, project spending, and labor-related costs this year.  Third quarter net interest expense declined $3.7 million from a year ago, with about 2.7 of this reduction attributable to the deconsolidation of BRI and the balance due to foreign currency movements. Note that interest expense for the third quarter of 2008 has been increased $4 million retroactively in accordance with the new accounting rules for convertible debt. Corporate other income increased $49.1 million, driven by a $59.3 million non-cash mark-to-market gain related to the total return swap we arranged with respect to Foster’s common stock. As usual, these mark-to-market gains on the Foster’s swap are excluded from our underlying earnings. The underlying loss for International markets and corporate combined was $57.5 million pretax in the third quarter, 7.1% higher than a year ago. Now, highlights of our cost-reduction initiatives -- in the third quarter, we captured an incremental $18 million of cost savings as part of our three-year, $250 million Resources for Growth, or RFG, cost reduction initiative. Savings from the RFG program during the past 2.75 years now total $246 million.  In addition to RFG savings, MillerCoors delivered $73 million of incremental cost synergies in the third quarter, largely due to organizational savings. Our 42% share of these synergies is $31 million.  As we announced earlier in the year, we are wrapping up the RFG program and locking down our next generation cost-reduction program, called RFG2. This new program offers at least $100 million of permanent cost reductions over the next three years. The primary areas of savings for the new program will be in logistics, waste, utilities, maintenance, systems, and procurement. We plan to provide more details regarding RFG2 during our annual New York analyst meeting this March. Moving beyond operating business unit performance, our third quarter effective tax rate was 9% on a reported basis and 4% on an underlying basis. These rates are well below our long-term rates due to the favorable resolution of unrecognized tax positions in the third quarter, which was one quarter earlier than we anticipated at the time of our previous earnings call. Free cash flow for the first three quarters of 2009 reflected net cash generation of $490 million, which was made up of $667 million of operating cash flow, plus $4 million of proceeds from asset sales, minus capital spending of $72 million and $109 million of investing cash contributed to MillerCoors. If we exclude one-time cash uses by MillerCoors to capture synergies, along with the return of collateral cash related to MillerCoors commodity hedges, our underlying free cash flow totaled $534 million for the first three quarters of this year. As a result, we are more than 90% of the way toward our 2009 goal of generating $575 million of underlying free cash flow. Total debt at the end of the third quarter was $1.68 billion. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $565 million at the end of the third quarter, resulting in net debt of $1.11 billion.  Looking forward, we continue to expect full-year 2009 MG&A expense in the Corporate and International Markets segment of approximately $160 million. We now anticipate full-year corporate interest expense in the range of $90 to $95 million at today’s foreign exchange rates, including the net effect of new accounting rules for convertible debt and the deconsolidation of BRI.  Turning to our effective tax rate, we now expect our full-year underlying tax rate for 2009 to be close to zero, assuming no further changes in tax laws. In the fourth quarter this year, we anticipate a significantly negative tax rate due to the resolution of additional tax years. With the substantial reduction in unrecognized tax positions this year, we anticipate that our effective tax rate after 2009 will be less volatile and more likely to be in our long-term range of 22% to 26% for underlying earnings. Based on our year-to-date cash generation, we are confident that we will achieve our goal of generating $575 million of underlying free cash flow this year. As in the past, this goal excludes the one-time MillerCoors impacts on our cash flow. This goal also excludes the benefit of MillerCoors using less collateral cash for commodity hedges this year. Our total free cash generation for the year will depend significantly on working capital timing in the fourth quarter. As we mentioned last quarter, another factor that could affect the company’s free cash flow this year is the potential to resolve some of the contingent liabilities related to our former Brazil business. During the second quarter, the Brazilian government enacted a tax amnesty that may accelerate the resolution of some of these liabilities, which could result in a use of cash.   Our 2009 capital spending outlook is now approximately $130 million for the full year. As usual, this guidance excludes MillerCoors.  At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for a look ahead to the balance of 2009. Peter. 
Peter Swinburn: Thanks very much, Stewart. Throughout 2009, we have consistently said that we would focus on brand building, reducing costs across our company, and generating cash, and that goes on.  In Canada, for the balance of 2009, we expect a continued challenging environment due to overall weak economic conditions, soft beer industry volume, continued price discounting, and the cost of offering enhanced value propositions to consumers. Our commitment to improve the brand portfolio in Canada is now gaining traction. In the fourth quarter, we are launching Rickard’s Dark, Molson “M,” the first micro-carbonated lager, and Molson Canadian 67, the lowest calorie beer in Canada.  Also, with the 2010 Vancouver Olympics approaching, we will begin to accelerate our promotional activity as the Official Beer Supplier to the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games.  In the U.S., the first priority for MillerCoors is driving growth for our premium light portfolio. We believe we have the marketing platforms, tools and the beers to do that. First, we are supporting Miller Lite with great football and soon holiday programming. We’re driving its great taste message with the “Great Calls” campaign celebrating great sports moments, and we’re injecting humor into the message with “Love Your Beer” spots that have just started airing. Secondly, we believe the cold refreshment message will continue to drive Coors Light’s success and we’ll continue to innovate and drive distribution and display just to make sure that happens. Finally, we’re stepping up display, sampling and education behind MGD 64.  In the U.K., we expect performance comparisons with prior year will become more challenging in the fourth quarter as we cycle the ramp up of our strategic initiatives, an extraordinary price increase in the fall of 2008, a greater portion of our sales coming from the higher-cost off-premise channel, and a reduction in marketing spending in 2008. We also anticipate higher incentive compensation in the fourth quarter this year in the UK. This business is now on much firmer footing and has made substantial progress in improving profitability. Our international business is increasing its investments in a number of new brand and market initiatives, particularly in developing markets. As a result, we expect MG&A expense to increase significantly in the fourth quarter from a year ago. Following are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the fourth quarter: in Canada, our comparable sales to retail in the first four weeks of October decreased at a high-single-digit rate, driven by weak economic conditions and poor weather, especially around the Canadian Thanksgiving holiday, leading to a decline in industry volume.  In the first five weeks of the fourth quarter, our U.K. sales to retail have decreased at a low-double-digit rate. In the U.S. for the first four weeks of the fourth quarter, MillerCoors sales to retail declined at a mid-single-digit rate due to overall industry softness. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a very small portion of the fourth quarter, and trends could change in the weeks ahead. In the area of cost outlook, by business: in Canada, on a comparable basis, excluding exports and BRI deconsolidation impacts, we now anticipate that cost of goods sold per hectoliter will decrease at a low-single-digit rate in the fourth quarter of 2009, due to benefits from our RFG cost savings program and lower overhead costs, which we expect to more than offset input inflation and ongoing product mix shifts.  On a reported basis, we expect our Canada cost of goods per hectoliter in the fourth quarter to decrease at a high-single-digit rate in local currency, due to lower exports to the U.S. and the effect of deconsolidating BRI this year.  Our U.K. team is targeting more reductions as part of the Resources for Growth program, driven by supplier negotiations and operational efficiencies. In a challenging industry volume environment, we expect our fourth quarter 2009 U.K. cost of goods per hectoliter to increase at a double-digit rate in local currency. Drivers include an increase in the high-cost off-premise channel as a percent of our mix, continued input cost inflation, product mix reflecting more Cobra and draught Magners volume, and fixed-cost de-leverage as a result of lower owned-brand volumes this year.   In the U.S., MillerCoors has delivered $183 million in synergies to date this year, bringing the total to $211 million since beginning operations on July 1, 2008. The U.S. team now expects to achieve $270 million of cumulative synergies by the end of 2009, surpassing its original commitment of $225 million.  As we’ve previously mentioned, MillerCoors plans to deliver incremental cost savings above its $500 million synergy target, and approximately $200 million of additional cost savings are now expected to be delivered by the end of 2012. These additional cost savings include efficiencies in production costs, procurement, and MG&A expenses.  So, to summarize our discussions today, our third quarter results included significant non-operating and unusual noise in the numbers. Regardless, Molson Coors grew earnings at a double-digit rate in the quarter.  Looking at year-to-date performance for Molson Coors Brewing Company, the first three quarters of 2009 have been positive in terms of both financial results and progress in our businesses. Highlights include: total company underlying earnings up more than 33% year to date; in Canada, the new members of the leadership team, led by CEO Dave Perkins, is improving our competitive position. They have begun to roll out several portfolio-building innovations, and announced their intention to purchase Granville Island Brewing in British Columbia; our U.K. business has posted strong financial results year to date, with underlying pretax income up more than 75% in local currency. The team is leveraging strategic initiatives to improve financial performance and now has finalized contracts with all its major on-premise chain customers, which offers a solid platform to drive both volume and margin in the years ahead; in the U.S., MillerCoors is delivering on its synergies commitments, controlling costs and managing revenue for sustainable profit growth. In a challenging economic environment, MillerCoors is also realizing the benefits of a well-balanced portfolio, as evidenced by our out-performance versus the category this summer.  Molson Coors achieved good performance year-to-date, and as we look forward to the fourth quarter, we anticipate that global beer markets will remain soft and consumers will continue to look for value in a weak economy.  To drive volume, price and profit, we will continue to offer value to consumers in many forms, including innovative brands and packaging, as well as category-leading advertising, retail promotions, and service to our customers. In the fourth quarter, there will be incremental investments related to these efforts, and these will be most significant in our Canada, U.S. and international businesses. In Canada, we are introducing three innovative brands -- Molson M, Molson Canadian 67 and Rickard’s Dark, and accelerating our promotional activity as the official beer supplier to the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics. And in the fourth quarter, we are also rolling out new advertising creative for the Molson Canadian brand. In the U.S., we are increasing our investment behind the fast-growing MGD64 and other brands, as well as expanding distribution of our innovative home draft package. Also, our latest Miller Lite advertising, which is hitting the air waves now, has received positive reviews from distributors and in consumer research. International growth is a key part of our strategy going forward, and we are investing more behind our strategic brands in select markets in Asia and Europe.  These fourth quarter investments are consistent with our brand-led strategies, and we expect them to drive top-line and bottom-line growth as we move into 2010. Equally important, our innovation pipeline is full for 2010, with a wide range of opportunities to build brands and drive profitable growth in each of our businesses well into the future. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment -- our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time today, our Investor Relations team led by Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, essentially a working session for analysts and investors who have additional questions regarding our quarterly results. That call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. So at this point, Matthew, we would like to open it for questions, please. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Stewart, on the free cash flow, your 90% of the way but you still have a quarter left. Could you give us a read on what we should be thinking about or if there is any reason why you haven’t taken up the free cash flow target for the year?
Stewart Glendinning: Good question, Kaumil. We’re not going to give any guidance on where we are going to end up in the -- at the end of the year. That will come a little closer to the fourth quarter but I think really just step back and just say this is really a positive for us, given where we started the year and we set our targets, our earnings have come in stronger, and the business is performing better than we had expected. And that is showing through to our cash and that’s just got to be good news for the shareholders. 
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Okay but there is nothing incremental in terms of uses of cash, maybe the increment CapEx related to the new cost savings at MillerCoors -- is there anything like that in there?
Stewart Glendinning: No, I think we -- all of that we’ve shared with you. MillerCoors is at 84% of the one-time cash, the 450. They will be at 90 by the end of the year, so there is that piece.  The other piece we look at is our exposure in Brazil and as we updated you last quarter, we are still in some discussions with [DEMSA] to decide how that will be resolved but that is a potential use of cash and I’d use -- I’d go to our Q and you’ll see we’ve got about $160 million of liability on the books. That’s not all related to those specific -- to that specific item. I’d say probably in the sort of 85% to 90% is the number on our balance sheet related to that and that’s the best guide for that particular issue. 
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Okay, got it. And then last question, in every region, pricing was very -- or net revenue per hec was strong but volumes were weak. How comfortable do you feel in your ability to hold on to strong pricing?
Peter Swinburn: A couple of things I think we mentioned in the script -- first of all in the U.K., we’ve locked out negotiations with all the major pub-cos this year, so that gives us -- those deals are three-year deals at least, so the pricing is -- the price increase mechanisms are locked in for those and that would account roughly for about a third of our business in the U.K., so we feel comfortable in the U.K.  If you were listening to the MillerCoors call earlier this morning, I think that both Leo and Gavin talked about where the MillerCoors business was. They’ve got about 80% of their pricing through this year, cost of goods look a bit more reasonable going forward so again, I think we are relatively comfortable in the U.S.  And in Canada, it’s a slightly different perspective, to be honest with you. I think we’ve shared with you that we will be competitive in Canada. The team there is really getting its act together but we manage pricing by market, by SKU there and across the piece, to be honest with you, to ensure that we are competitive. So I think that’s the best summary I can give you, if that’s helpful. 
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: I guess my question is really by looking at Canada more closely, you know, your share decline has gotten worse in the quarter. Maybe you can shed a little bit more light into sort of the competitive activity in terms of what is going on there. It sounded like in the beginning of the year, really the discounting was more limited to Quebec and I’m wondering if that is spreading out into other regions. What’s causing sort of the heightened competitive environment and at what point do you think that you may have to take more aggressive steps just beyond some of the innovation things that you are doing to really stem the market share losses in that market?
Peter Swinburn: I’ll pass the main body of the question on to Dave but I think that you hit one of the main points again, Judy, and that is that we see the market being managed in totality and we have been pretty open in the past saying that we weren’t happy with our overall portfolio in Canada and we believe we are making very good steps, great strides, in fact, to sorting that out with the innovations that we’ve got coming into the market place and the new creative with Canadian, which we are very excited about. But Dave, do you want to address the main body of the question?
Dave Perkins: Thanks, Peter, and thanks, Judy, for the question. Judy, as I look at Q3 and our year-to-date share results, obviously we are not where we need to be. I think it’s valuable to go a little bit below the surface in looking at our Q3 share results. We did actually make progress in our competitiveness and our share results in our major markets of Quebec and Ontario and I feel good about what I am seeing starting to happen there as we get to a better balance of price and volume. We are dealing with challenges and opportunities in the remainder of the country.  I think as we went through the quarter, we also saw some progress which felt good to me. But no question we saw smaller regional brewers in each market grow share at the expense of the two major brewers combined and that is something that we will continue to be focused on.  As we have heard, we are really taking action now to strengthen our market position and our brand portfolio in a variety of ways. We feel very good about the innovation that we have coming up with Molson Canadian 67, Molson M, and Rickard’s Dark. I think the announcement regarding Granville Island Brewing is another commitment to strengthening the portfolio, and particularly in the above premium segment there, so that’s a well-known, well-regarded brand in B.C. that we think has the ability to travel and we are excited by that.  We also have work underway to strengthen Molson Canadian, as Peter referenced, and we have the upcoming Olympic platform, and we will certainly leverage that fully.  And finally, as we noted, we continue to improve our competitive position and finding that right balance between price and volume.  So I would say as you go below the surface in the quarter, there are some encouraging signs. Certainly the entire team here is focused on the share challenge because we know we need to step into that and feel good about the activity in fact that we have in front of us there.  
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Just following up on your comment about the smaller regional brewers getting more competitive outside of Quebec and Ontario, can you maybe tell us what sort of are the factors that are driving that competitive behavior in those markets?
Dave Perkins: A lot of it is in fact price or value related. I would say though that during Q3 there was in fact some innovation activity, lime entries, that in fact did get fairly high trial. They have subsequently diminished but they did get high trial. But generally what we are seeing is small brewer pricing activity that we are needing to deal with. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just a clarification -- when you said the Canada SPR was down high single digits so far in the quarter, can you tell us what the industry volume has been during that time?
Dave Perkins: We believe what we are seeing in October is largely related to industry. There does appear to be during October a fairly significant drop-off in industry. Last year I would tell you that we had particularly favorable weather and so we believe that that’s a factor in it. Tough to know what all the factors are -- I mean, there’s even impact in Canada related to the flu going around, so you look at the various factors and there’s probably a combination of weather, economy, and other factors that are at play. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks. And then just my question for Stewart -- on the free cash flow side of the equation, I mean, clearly it sounds like you are pretty pleased with the cash flow generation performance and even if you are to use a portion of that to settle some of the tax liabilities in Brazil, it seems like you are going to be left with still a pretty ample cash flow. And so I’m just wondering why not again sort of commit to some of that going to shareholders at this point?
Stewart Glendinning: Great question, Judy. We are in a place I guess where if you looked at our cash holding, the cash balance at the end of this quarter, about $575 million, so we are in a place now where we feel good about our cash balance.  I will reiterate the point we made in previous quarters, which is that on a quarterly basis, we review this with our board and there’s a range of cash options that we could look to. If you looked at some of the places we have put cash this year, we’ve made two great purchases of smaller brands this year -- well, we haven’t completed the purchase of Granville Island but we’ve made effectively a down payment on that. We also have purchased Cobra, so we are trying to use cash first and foremost in ways that will grow shareholder value. We will also look then at ways to take liabilities off our balance sheet and tax would be an example of that. Last year you saw a use of funds for pensions, and then we will look at what our dividend policy is and consider buy-backs. And again, we have our board meeting next week so we will go through that with the board and if there is any change to any of that, we expect to update shareholders in the next quarter. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Marc Greenberg of Deutsche Bank.
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank: Just to dig a little deeper on Judy’s question around shareholder value, Peter, can you comment more broadly with regard to what kind of a dividend pay-out over the long-term you think is appropriate for a business like Molson Coors and if shareholders would be more significantly enhanced by a repurchase and as an adjunct to that, what kinds of net debt to EBITDA levels are gearing this kind of business should have over the longer term?
Peter Swinburn: Thanks, Marc -- I’m probably going to disappoint you by saying that no, I probably can’t give you all of that but I think you’ve got to look at our track record. We’ve increased our dividend by a pretty substantial rate last year and this year and so I think the important thing, or the way that we look at it is that we need to come to our shareholders and hold our heads up in terms of how we use their cash and I think as Stewart said, in the recent -- in the last 12 months, we put $100 million into the pension scheme in the U.K. We have got very, very good returns from that investment over this year. We have made a couple of really smart acquisitions I think with Cobra and Granville Island. Although you guys get quite excited about it, we are not sitting on a ton of cash. We are in a comfortable position and we will continue to look at the options out there that will give us the best possible return for shareholders and that will include dividends, obviously, it will include share backs, but it would include other options in terms of strengthening our balance sheets as well and that’s just an ongoing dialog that we have with our board, as Stewart said. 
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank: Great, and just a quick follow-up -- on the U.K. business, nice to see the operating profit trending up but it is still, at least based on your 2002 pro formas, below what CBL earned eight years ago, so I guess it’s been kind of a long road there and I’m wondering, as you look at that business today, what kind of sign posts you look at to gauge the success of that business, how might we properly characterize progress there sort of beyond the obvious metrics?
Peter Swinburn: I will let Mark take most of the question but I think my -- the initial response is that you have put a couple of sort of sign posts out there that we look at and most importantly, the sort of cost of -- return on capital we get on that business has got to be acceptable to shareholders. I think we have made good progress this year. We are not where we want to be. The percentage that we achieve in -- our net sales percentage we are achieving is still not where we want to be but again, I think the team is making really good strides in that direction and most importantly for this year and probably last year as well, it’s been about developing a platform that allows us to address those issues. And I think, Mark, you can probably speak to that more effectively than I can in terms of the strategic initiatives and your pricing strategy. 
Mark Hunter: Yes, I certainly can. Thanks for the question, Mark. We’ve been very clear in our business that currently our return on invested capital is below our [WAC] rate and we have set out as part of our three-year plan an ambition to move that return on invested capital ahead of our [WAC] rate, so we start growing shareholder value. Our return on sales have improved significantly over the last 18 to 24 months and we have set a very clear ambition for the business to start to generate returns which get us back to where we were in the early part of the 2000s.  All of the activities that you are seeing taking place through the latter half of 2008 and through 2009 are very consistent with that ambition and job number one has been to reset our pricing and ensure that our net sales [have always starts to] support those ambitions. That job is almost complete as we go through 2009. We’ve continued to invest heavily behind our brands. We’ve been investing a growth rate which is a low double-digit on a per hectoliter basis as we’ve moved our pricing up. And as we move into 2010, we expect to see pricing continue to move forward and we expect to see our share performance start to rebound, having reset pricing -- all of that relative to an ambition that we’ve set for the organization on a 36-month timeline. 
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank: Mark, just briefly, how would you characterize the market environment heading into the important winter holidays?
Mark Hunter: The market environment remains challenging. If you look at where industry volume was as we left 2008, the market finished down about 5.5%. On a year-to-date basis, the market is still tracking down about 4.3%. On-trade has improved but it is still declining at kind of mid-single-digits. Off-trade has been extremely volatile -- up until Q3 of this year, we’ve seen four straight quarters of pretty substantial decline. That rebounded slightly in the third quarter, so still enormous volatility and certainly no tailwinds from an industry volume perspective and that is why our focus on not chasing any low margin volume, focusing on revenue growth at a time when we’ve got very high asset utilization because of our contract brewing deal -- all of that I think puts us in a pretty strong position as we move into Q4 and into 2010. 
Marc Greenberg - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of John Faucher from J.P. Morgan.
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: I want to talk a little bit about the Canadian pricing again and you know, strong revenue per barrel growth -- can you talk about what the industry revenue per barrel growth was? So how did you guys compare?  And then also, looking at the quarter to date trends, you talked about your being down I think it was mid-single-digits in Canada and can you compare that -- you said it’s an industry issue, so I am assuming the industry is basically in line with your quarter to date trend, is that correct?
Dave Perkins: Yeah, the quarter to date would be largely industry related, so you are correct on that. With regard to the NSR for the industry, I wouldn’t have data on that. I only obviously have ours, so I am not able to give you the comparison. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Can you give us a rough idea in terms whether you think the rest of the category is -- I’m not looking specifically, I’m looking sort of general trends in terms of whether you feel like the rest of the category is up a similar amount. 
Dave Perkins: Well, we certainly are achieving the kind of balance we want on price and volume so I would say we are not dramatically out of line with what would be happening within the industry but it is really difficult obviously to get more precise than that. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Okay, thanks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Swartzberg of Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Canada, on the cost side of things, Stewart or David, we heard from MillerCoors this morning, they described their costs per hectoliter view for the U.S. next year being essentially flat on ’09 levels. Can you share with us, given where your hedges are and where the commodities are and your mix, how you think your costs per hectoliter will shake out next year versus this year’s levels?
Stewart Glendinning: I’ll take that. I think MillerCoors did give some of that sense of 2010. For the Molson Coors business, normally we would give that kind of guidance early in the next year and I think that is what our plan is. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you give us any directional feel at this juncture?
Stewart Glendinning: We can't give you any guidance on that. I can say though that I think that team has done a terrific job in terms of managing costs. If you looked at this past quarter, keeping costs flat on a year-over-year basis I think was a great result. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: And can you just remind us about your strategy in terms of hedging for commodities?
Stewart Glendinning: Well for us, like any hedging program, and you can certainly see some of those disclosures in our Q. We have a declining hedging balance so you will have more hedging in the early periods than the later periods and then so obviously in any kind of rising price market, you’d be slower to see some of that rising prices coming through. In a declining price market, you will obviously be a little bit slower to see some of that benefit coming through. I should also point out, Mark, that we did at least give guidance for the fourth quarter, which shows Canada to be down low single digits in terms of their COGS, so combine that together with the performance in the third quarter and I think you probably get a good answer for next year. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thank you, Stewart. 
Operator:  And our final question in queue comes from Ross Turner of [Pelham]. 
Ross Turner - Pelham Capital : It’s [inaudible] from Pelham Capital. Just looking at the Canadian business, you obviously reported 2% increase in revenue per hectoliter, but if you actually look at your revenue and divide it by your volume, it actually was a decline. I’m guessing that is due to the import side of the Canadian business. Can you give us some feel about how the mix effect that you have seen in the Canada business from your import and how much that should decline specifically?
Stewart Glendinning: Let me just pick up the first part of that -- you are better off looking at some of the comparable numbers that we have given you because there is a little bit of noise in there as we look at the impact obviously of FX -- that’s going to be one impact. I think the other impact you are going to see is the Molson -- sorry, the Blue Moon that we stopped producing in Canada has a negative impact on a reported basis on our NSR of about 3%. So we stopped producing Blue Moon last year in Canada. We have that year-over-year comparison issue, so best to really stick with the comparison -- 
Ross Turner - Pelham Capital : What I am looking at -- the way I’ve looked at it, to be honest, and also a [few other things in Canada], is actually look at your Q2 sales this year and your Q3 sales and divide that by your volume for Q2 and Q3. Now I know there’s seasonal effects, I’m sure, but even then just looking at those three months sequentially, it’s down sort of 3% or 4% in Canadian dollars per hectoliter. 
Stewart Glendinning: I think one of the things you are going to see there is potentially the impact of exports and I think that was the second part of your question, which perhaps Dave can pick up. 
Dave Perkins: I’m sorry, Stewart, we didn’t hear the original question. 
Ross Turner - Pelham Capital : The question was basically that obviously you said that on a comparable basis, sales per hectoliter in Canada increased 2%. Looking at it sequentially from Q2 to Q3 09, if you look at revenue per hectoliter on the Canadian dollar, it actually declines sort of 3% or 4%. And I am guessing that’s to do with imports, because you exclude imports when you are looking at it on a comparable basis. I’m just trying to understand how much were your imports down and what sort of effect this is going to have going forward. 
Dave Dunnewald: The answer to the question is essentially you had a flip of the impact that Stewart mentioned related to exports to MillerCoors. In the second quarter, the -- essentially the accounting for those exports increased revenue per hectoliter as well as cost of goods per hectoliter. In the third quarter again on a year over year basis, the exports to MillerCoors reduced the revenue per hectoliter and the cost of goods per hectoliter and that is why when we present comparable analysis of our Canadian results, we strip those out because it’s basically just noise in the numbers, change in the way we account for the beer that we sell to MillerCoors. Now, subsequent to the formation of MillerCoors and subsequent to the moving of Blue Moon product production from Canada to the U.S. 
Ross Turner - Pelham Capital : Okay -- going forward, this should be -- this sort of noise won't -- is less likely to be there? 
Dave Dunnewald: Actually in the fourth quarter, you should see a similar effect to what we saw in the third quarter and then more normal thereafter. 
Ross Turner - Pelham Capital : Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. I have no other questions in queue. I would like to return the program to the presenters for any concluding remarks. 
Peter Swinburn: Thank you very much, Matthew and thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning, this afternoon and for your interest in the business. We look forward to speaking to you again at the end of our next quarter. Bye now. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today’s conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter Swinburn - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Stewart Glendinning - Chief Financial Officer Dave Perkins - Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada  Leo Kiely - Chief Executive Officer, MillerCoors Mark Hunter - Chief Executive Officer, Molson Coors U.K. Dave Dunnewald - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2009 second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions)  Before we get started, we want to paraphrase the company’s Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K and 10-Q and proxy filings for a more-complete description of factors that could affect these projections.  The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call, please visit the company’s website, www.molsoncoors.com, for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Peter Swinburn, President and Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Brewing. Sir, you may begin. 
Peter Swinburn: Thank you, Matthew. Hello and welcome everybody and thanks for joining us today. With me on the call are: Stewart Glendinning, Molson Coors CFO; Leo Kiely, CEO of MillerCoors; Gavin Hattersley, CFO of MillerCoors; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors U.K.; Sam Walker, Molson Coors Chief Legal Officer; Bill Waters, Molson Coors Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors Vice President of Investor Relations.  And Dave Perkins also joins us for the first time in his new role as CEO of Molson Canada. Dave has many years of senior leadership experience in the brewing industry and brings extensive brand-building expertise to our Canadian business and we are delighted to have him in the new role.   On the call today, Stewart and I will take you through highlights of our second quarter 2009 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective on the back half of 2009. As usual, we will include a review of financial results for MillerCoors and then we will open it up for questions. So let’s get started -- overall, Molson Coors delivered a good performance in the second quarter, with underlying earnings growing more than 20% versus a year ago. We grew local-currency revenue per hectoliter and profits in all of our markets.  Looking at regional highlights: in Canada, revenue per hectoliter grew as front-line price increases in all major markets were partially offset by higher promotional activity across Canada.  In the U.K., our team drove 70% pretax profit growth via strong pricing in all major channels and also achieved excellent cost management. MillerCoors continued to achieve strong double-digit bottom-line growth in the U.S., driven by cost synergy delivery, solid pricing and lower marketing and general and administrative spending. These positive results were due to excellent cost control and front-line price management, underpinned by well-executed strategic initiatives. Our ability to build long-term brand value, manage costs, and generate meaningful cash continues to deliver strong results. Meanwhile, tougher markets, poor weather and our strong pricing stance led to a 3.2% decline in overall company volumes, though within this we grew Coors Light volumes worldwide by 3%. We also faced continuing cost inflation and unfavorable currency movements. The U.K. beer industry continued to post poor volume figures, and there was increasing evidence in both the U.S. and Canadian markets of some consumers moving to enhanced value propositions -- in other words, looking for value in brands, package configurations and channels. Despite a difficult economic and competitive environment, we are very pleased with the progress we achieved in the first half of this year but we expect the balance of 2009 to present continued challenges as consumers continue to seek value and markets remain subdued. As in the first half, we will address these issues by continuing to focus on our brands, costs and cash generation. So with that as an overview, I'll turn it over to Stewart to review the second quarter financial results and trends and then we’ll cover the outlook for the back half of 2009. Stewart, all yours. 
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks, Peter. Hello, everyone. I’ll start with the second quarter financial highlights. Worldwide pro forma beer volume for Molson Coors declined 3.2% from a year ago, driven by industry weakness in our major geographies, as well as our revenue-generation strategy in the U.K. Meanwhile, our underlying pretax income grew 16.3% to $264 million. This increase was driven by strong earnings growth from MillerCoors and our U.K. business, along with lower interest expense.  Foreign currency movements decreased pretax profit by approximately $21 million in the second quarter. On the bottom line, underlying after-tax income of $205.4 million, or $1.11 per diluted share, was 20.6% higher than the second quarter a year ago.  It is important to note that our second quarter underlying earnings exclude some one-time expenses, primarily related to MillerCoors and our Foster’s cash-settled total-return swap, as well as net special charges of $7.1 million. These adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results are described in detail in the earnings release we distributed this morning. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results we share with you today will be in U.S. dollars. In segment performance highlights, starting with Canada, underlying pretax income in local currency grew 2% versus a year ago as a result of positive net pricing and the benefit of cost savings initiatives, which more than offset inflation impacts in the quarter. However, underlying income in U.S. dollars declined due to an $18 million foreign currency headwind.  As on our last earnings call, to provide more-comparable results in our Canada discussions, we will exclude the reporting effects in Canada of deconsolidating Brewers Retail Inc., or BRI, and of setting up MillerCoors in 2008.  So, let’s review the highlights -- Canada underlying pretax income was $137.3 million in the second quarter, 11% lower than a year ago as local currency profit was offset by a 13% year-over-year decline in the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar.  Our Canada sales to retail, or STRs, for the calendar quarter ended June 30th decreased 0.5% versus a year ago. STRs of our strategic brands, which represent more than 85% of our Canada volume, increased almost 2%, while sales of our other brands declined at a double-digit rate. Strategic brand growth was led by high-single-digit growth of Coors Light and solid growth by Rickard’s. Molson Canadian declined at a mid-single-digit rate versus prior year. Total Canadian beer industry sales to retail increased an estimated 1.8% in the calendar second quarter, yielding year-to-year industry growth of 0.5%. As a result, our estimated Canada market share decreased about 0.9 of a share point in the second quarter versus a year ago. Our Canada sales volume was 2.4 million hectoliters in the second quarter, down 2.9% from a year ago. The difference between our volume and STR trends is driven by the timing of the July 1 Canada Day holiday within our fiscal calendar, along with a decrease in retailer inventories of import brands. Comparable net sales per hectoliter increased 2.6% in local currency, driven by front-line price increases in all major markets and improved sales mix, partially offset by promotional activity across Canada.  Cost of goods sold per hectoliter in the second quarter increased 1.7% on a comparable basis in local currency. This increase was due to the net effect of three factors: one, commodity, packaging material, distribution and other input costs increased COGS per hectoliter about 2.5 percentage points; second, an increase of about 2 percentage points was driven by ongoing product mix shifts; and finally, savings from our resources for growth initiatives more than offset inflation in the quarter, reducing cost of goods sold per hectoliter by 3 percentage points. Comparable marketing general & administrative expense in the quarter decreased approximately 1% in local currency, driven by lower overhead costs.  Other income increased $3.9 million due to foreign currency gains.  In the U.S., underlying U.S. segment pretax income increased 26.5% to $142.7 million in the second quarter, driven by strong underlying earnings growth by MillerCoors versus a year ago. Note that U.S. segment results include our share of second quarter 2009 MillerCoors net income and various equity income adjustments, which are then compared to the year-earlier results reported by our legacy Coors business. Looking specifically at the total MillerCoors P&L, second quarter underlying net income increased 16.4% to $325.3 million from the prior year pro forma MillerCoors result. This earnings growth was driven by strong net revenue growth, cost management and continued synergy delivery, despite continuing commodity cost pressures.   In a soft beer market, MillerCoors domestic STRs decreased 0.8% versus the prior year pro forma quarter due to a decline in Miller Lite STRs and softness in above-premium brands, mostly offset by positive results in five of our six focus brands in the U.S. Domestic sales-to-wholesalers declined 1.1% driven by lower STRs and a slight reduction in distributor inventories. MillerCoors total net sales increased by 1.6% to $2.14 billion versus the prior year pro forma quarter. Pricing remained strong in the second quarter as domestic net sales per hectoliter, excluding contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, increased by 3% based on 2008 price increases. Though MillerCoors continues to realize supply-chain-related synergies and deliver savings from its cost leadership programs, cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased by 5.1% due to cycling significant prior year hop sales, as well as increased brewing and packaging-material costs this year, primarily glass, aluminum and barley. Profits from hops sales were $24.3 million lower in the second quarter versus a year ago, when these hops sales were unusually high. Marketing, general and administrative costs decreased by 10.8% in the second quarter, driven by synergies and other cost savings. Moving to our U.K. business in the second quarter, we achieved underlying pretax profit for the quarter of $36.8 million, an increase of $15.3 million, or 70%, versus 2008. This solid quarterly performance was driven by positive results from the strategic actions our U.K. team has taken in the past year, including supplier negotiations and leveraging our contract brewing arrangement and brand building efforts, which allowed us to forgo low-margin volume. The benefit of these actions was partially offset by lower volume and higher marketing, general and administration expenses in the quarter. The U.K. team achieved this improvement despite a 22% devaluation of the British Pound versus the U.S. dollar, which had a $10 million negative impact on U.K. underlying income. In local currency, second quarter U.K. underlying pretax earnings increased nearly 118% from a year ago.  Looking at second quarter highlights, our U.K. owned-brand volume decreased 12.4% in the quarter due to a soft industry and the company’s strategy to forgo low-margin volume. U.K. beer industry volume declined approximately 5% in the second quarter, reflecting the weak economy in that market. Comparable net sales per hectoliter of our own products increased 19.8% in local currency, with approximately three-quarters of this driven by higher pricing in all channels, as we benefited from our strategy to forgo low-margin volume. The balance of the revenue per hectoliter increase was the result of positive sales mix, primarily due to growth in draught Magners cider and favorable channel mix. We achieved pricing growth ahead of input inflation, resulting in improved gross margins.  Comparable cost of goods sold per hectoliter of our own products was virtually unchanged versus 2008 in local currency, reflecting higher input cost inflation and fixed-cost de-leverage as a result of lower volumes, offset by favorable channel mix and cost-reduction savings.  Marketing, general & administrative expenses in the U.K. increased 10.1% in local currency due to higher marketing and incentive compensation expenses in the quarter.  In the Global Markets and Corporate segment, our Global Markets team grew volume more than 18% in the second quarter on a small base, driven by China and Europe. MG&A expense for Global Markets was $12.6 million in the quarter, an increase of $3.3 million versus a year ago. In addition, Corporate general & administrative expense increased $4.7 million to $30.6 million, primarily due to higher incentive compensation and project spending this year.  Second quarter Corporate net interest expense declined $7.9 million from a year ago, with about $4 million of this reduction attributable to foreign currency movements and nearly all the balance due to the deconsolidation of BRI. Note that interest expense for the second quarter of 2008 has been increased $4 million retroactively in accordance with the new accounting rules for convertible debt. Corporate Other Expense increased $6.2 million, driven by a $12.9 million non-cash mark-to-market expense related to the total return swap we arranged with respect to Foster’s common stock.  The underlying loss for Global Markets and Corporate combined was $52.1 million pretax in the second quarter, a 14.6% improvement driven by lower interest expense this year. Now, highlights of our cost-reduction initiatives: in the second quarter, we captured an incremental $32 million of cost savings as part of our three-year, $250 million Resources for Growth, or RFG, cost reduction initiative. Savings from the RFG program during the past two-and-a-half years now total $229 million. In addition to RFG savings, MillerCoors delivered $60 million of incremental cost synergies in the second quarter. Our 42% share of these synergies is $25 million.  Moving beyond operating business unit performance, our second quarter effective tax rate was 20% on a reported basis and 22% on an underlying basis. Free cash flow for the first half of 2009 reflected net cash generation of $191 million, which was made up of $353 million of operating cash flow, plus $3 million of proceeds from asset sales, minus capital spending of $45 million and $119 million of net cash contributed to MillerCoors. If we exclude one-time cash uses by MillerCoors to capture synergies, along with the return of collateral cash related to MillerCoors commodity hedges, our underlying free cash flow totaled $229 million for the 1st half of this year. As a result, we are 40% of the way toward our 2009 goal of generating $575 million of underlying free cash flow. Total debt at the end of the second quarter was $1.63 billion. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $296 million at the end of the second quarter, resulting in net debt of $1.33 billion.  Looking forward, we now expect full-year 2009 MG&A expense in the Corporate and Global Markets segment of approximately $160 million, plus or minus 5%. We anticipate full-year corporate interest expense of approximately $85 to $90 million at today’s foreign exchange rates, including the net effect of new accounting rules for convertible debt and the deconsolidation of BRI.  Turning to our effective tax rate, we now anticipate that our full-year tax rate for 2009 will be in the range of 10% to 14%, assuming no further changes in tax laws. This rate is lower than our previous guidance due to some adjustments in our inter-company financing to reflect recent changes in the global interest-rate environment. Within the quarters, however, our tax rate will be volatile. We currently anticipate underlying tax rates in the range of 21% to 25% in the 3rd quarter and negative 15% to 19% for the 4th quarter this year. The negative 4th quarter rate is driven by the anticipated favorable resolution of unrecognized tax positions in that quarter. We continue to anticipate that we will achieve our goal of generating $575 million of underlying free cash flow this year, plus or minus 10%. As in the past, this goal excludes the one-time MillerCoors impacts on our cash flow. This goal also excludes the benefit of MillerCoors using less collateral cash for commodity hedges this year. Another factor that could affect the company’s free cash flow this year is the potential to resolve some of the contingent liabilities related to our former Brazil business. During the second quarter, the Brazilian government enacted a tax amnesty that may accelerate the resolution of some of these liabilities, which could result in a use of cash.  Our capital spending outlook for 2009 continues to be approximately $140 million. As usual, this guidance excludes MillerCoors.  At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for a look ahead to the balance of 2009. Peter.
Peter Swinburn: Thanks, Stewart. Okay, so in 2009, we will continue to focus on the things we’ve been doing in the past, which is building strong brands, reducing costs in our business, and generating cash.  In Canada, for the balance of 2009, we expect a challenging environment due to weak economic conditions and a continuation of consumer-seeking value propositions. In addition, we will address our market share on a national basis as we move forward by ensuring that we remain price competitive while increasing investments in our brand equities and in innovation. In the U.S., during the key summer selling season, MillerCoors remains focused on driving the great-taste platform of Miller Lite, while accelerating Coors Light growth with the new Rocky Mountain cold refreshment messaging and cold activated packaging. MillerCoors is also working to add new legal-age drinkers to the premium light category by driving repeat purchases on MGD 64.  As we continue to see shifts in both segments and channels, we will be leveraging our full brand portfolio to meet changing consumer and customer needs. Finally, MillerCoors is committed to driving sustainable net revenue growth. In the U.K., we believe the challenging trading environment will continue throughout 2009 due to a weak local economy, with cost inflation also being a challenge. However, we believe that our U.K. business is now on much firmer footing as it benefits from our contract brewing arrangement, the Magners cider agreement, supplier renegotiations, and our strategy of forgoing low-margin volume.  In the second quarter, we were also pleased to announce the formation of our partnership to market and produce the Cobra beer brand in the U.K. Cobra is a great investment in our U.K. brand portfolio that gives us greater access to ethnic retail accounts. Going forward, performance comparisons with prior year will become more challenging in the second half as we cycle the ramp up of our strategic initiatives. By contrast, second quarter comparisons this year were against relatively weak results a year ago. Our U.K. team has made great progress in improving profitability, but we recognize that further improvements will need to be made to achieve acceptable shareholder returns in that market. So here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the third quarter. In Canada, our comparable sales to retail in the first three weeks of July decreased at a mid-single-digit rate versus a year ago, and this was really primarily driven by lower industry volumes on the back of poor weather. In the first four weeks of the third quarter, our U.K. sales to retail have decreased at a low-single-digit rate.  In the U.S. for the five weeks ending July 25, which eliminates year-over-year timing differences related to the July 4th holiday, MillerCoors sales to retail declined at a low-single-digit rate amid a soft U.S. beer industry. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a very small portion of the third quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. In the area of cost outlook by business, in Canada on a comparable basis, cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased at a low-single-digit rate in the first half of 2009. We expect this trend in comparable COGS per hectoliter to continue in the second half of the year.  On a reported basis, however, including exports and BRI deconsolidation impacts, we expect our Canada cost of goods per hectoliter in the second half of the year to decrease at a mid-single-digit rate in local currency, due to lower exports to the U.S. and the effect of deconsolidating BRI.  Our U.K. team is targeting more cost reductions, driven by supplier negotiations and operational efficiencies. In a challenging industry volume environment, we expect second half 2009 U.K. cost of goods per hectoliter to increase at a double-digit rate in local currency. Drivers include input cost inflation, expected stabilization of channel mix trends -- in other words, we expect the off-trade to actually perform better in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year -- and fixed-cost de-leveraging as a result of lower volumes this year. Also, we have the impact of cycling one-time supplier negotiation benefits in the second half of 2008. In the U.S., MillerCoors is aggressively working to deliver against its stated goal of achieving $500 million of cost savings in the first three years of combined operations. The integration of MillerCoors business process and systems to enable faster local decision-making and streamlining of costs is proceeding well.  MillerCoors achieved $60 million in synergies in the second quarter, largely due to network optimization savings from moving production of the Coors brands into former Miller breweries, continued organizational savings, and marketing synergies.  Year-to-date MillerCoors has delivered $110 million in synergies and now expects to achieve $260 million of cumulative synergies by year end, surpassing its original goal of $225 million. And, while the timing of synergy delivery has been accelerated, our goal of $500 million remains unchanged.  So to summarize our results and discussion today, our company is off to a solid start in the first half of this year. Molson Coors grew underlying earnings 75% in the first quarter and more than 20% in the second quarter, reflecting the benefit of our strong brands, strategic initiatives, and cost reduction programs.  We achieved positive pricing and local-currency profit growth in both quarters in each of our major markets, which helped to offset the impact of lower global volume, cost inflation and unfavorable currency movements.  In the balance of 2009, we expect all of our markets to present challenges in the areas of competitive pricing and cost inflation. But as before, we will continue to address these issues by staying focused on brand-building, reducing costs, and generating cash while driving shareholder value. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment -- our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today, our Investor Relations team led by Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, essentially a working session for analysts and investors who have additional questions regarding our quarterly results. That call will also be available for you to hear via web cast and on our website. So at this point, Matthew, we would like to open it up for questions. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Judy Hong of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. My first question is on Canada and I was wondering if you could give us a little more color in terms of the industry volume trends. It looks like in the second quarter, the volume trend was actually pretty strong for the industry as a whole and then it sort of weakened in July, so I’m just wondering if you can give us a little bit more color in terms of what’s happening at the industry level.  And then it sounds like as you look out in the back half, you are trying to address your market share issue in Canada more broadly, and so I wanted to get a little more color there with respect to the promotional activity that you are seeing both within Quebec and outside of Quebec and as you think about the back half, whether I’m interpreting it correctly that you are thinking about stepping up promotions more actively. 
Peter Swinburn: Well, I’ll pass it over to Dave in a minute, Judy, to take the detail but maybe sort of a general point -- we recognize, despite the fact that [our figures] are good and strong for the first half of the year, there’s some things we’ve got to do in all our markets. We need to get Miller Light moving in the direction we want it moving in the U.S. and that’s looking good at the moment but we’ve got much more work to do.  We recognize in the U.K., we’ve got to address the off-trade but we’ve built a really solid base for ourselves to do that and we are confident we can do it. And similarly in Canada, I think the issue there is that we really do need to offer our consumers more options in terms of value propositions, and we’ve got plans to do that and you’ll see more of that happening in the second half of the year. But with that as background, I’ll pass it on to Dave. 
Dave Perkins: Thanks, Peter. So Judy, on the industry, you’ll remember in the first quarter it was down about 1.2% and then up 1.8 in the second quarter, so year-to-date is a half-a-point up and I think that’s probably a decent reflection. There’s noise in between the two quarters so I would tend to look at it on a year-to-date basis.  What I’ve seen since coming back to Canada is that boy, the weather sure seems to have deteriorated over the years and it is a cool summer and I think that’s the biggest factor that we are seeing in July. You know, that’s anybody’s bet obviously on how that plays out through the rest of the summer.  On the market share, I would comment, picking up on Peter’s point, no question in the current economy we see consumers watching their pennies and they are really responding to the value propositions out there and we have seen a pick-up on that front and so I think the challenge for us going forward is really to find that right balance between pricing, volume, and brand equity. That’s what we will be focused on for the second half. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: On the competitive activity, Dave, just to follow-up on that, it sounds like up until maybe the first quarter, the competitive situation or heightened competitive activity was really more limited to Quebec and -- are you now saying that you are seeing that sort of spreading out to other provinces in Canada more broadly?
Dave Perkins: Yeah, I would say the second quarter activity was certainly up from prior year. I think that is a reflection of the consumers’ interest in these value proposition. 
Peter Swinburn: But just to build on that, Judy, as well -- I mean, I think the Quebec issue was specific to one competitor but if you look across the whole of Canada and you look at how the market share movements are going, the third players are actually with the lower prices are doing quite well as well, so this is a broad sort of response of consumers to available pricing out there. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then Stewart, a couple of questions -- first on the tax rate, I understand this year you are getting the benefit of some resolutions coming in at 10%, 14%. How should we think about that in the context of your long-term tax rate of 24% to 26%?
Stewart Glendinning: Well, I think Judy, just to answer your question, I don’t think we are going to see a change in the long-term but we would try to give you some specific quarterly guidance this year because of the kind of volatility that we expect. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then Stewart, on the cash flow outlook, you’ve cited some of the potential cash uses that you are not including as part of the $575 million underlying cash flow target. Can you quantify how much the potential cash uses on those other items could be this year? 
Stewart Glendinning: Well, let’s just take it in two pieces -- I mean first of all, a couple of things I mentioned, we excluded last year from our cash and we’ll exclude them this year. So for example, we are taking a benefit this year from the MillerCoors aluminum hedges which are now being closed out. We had to post a cash collateral at year-end. That’s coming back in the benefit to our cash flow. We have not counted that in achieving our 575, so we took that -- we are taking the same treatment as in last year.  The piece that I mentioned in terms of additional potential cash use was related to a tax liability that we have in Brazil, our old business -- look, it’s great news. We’ve got a liability down there. The Brazilian Government have come out with a tax amnesty program. Our shift in our balance sheet from long-term liabilities to short-term liabilities reflects our belief that this will be resolved in the shorter term. But with respect to the specific amounts, I can’t really point to an amount at this point in time because those are liabilities in which we guarantee a third party and we are still in the midst of discussions with that third party to try and resolve the actual amount. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Is the amount potentially large enough that you may be rethinking about maybe a potential use of cash from your cash flow, whether it’s share buy-back or other uses of cash?
Stewart Glendinning: You know, I would say for all of these things, Judy, we’ve got an ongoing dialog with the board. There are always movements in the cash balance and at this point, we really don’t have a perspective on exactly what the number is so it’s very difficult for me to answer that question. I would suggest that obviously when you get a chance to see our Q, you look at some of the footnotes. I think that will help give you a little bit of color. 
Peter Swinburn: Again, Judy, I think we’ve been pretty consistent that we will look to use our cash in the very best interest of our shareholders and to resolve this ongoing liability, we’ve got the opportunity to do it in the right way would be an excellent use of cash. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala with UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Good afternoon, everybody. Peter, some of your comment on Miller Light and the new campaign is that you are seeing some positive signs but we are not seeing volumes improve -- in fact sequentially, they appear to be getting worse, so what are some of the things that you are seeing and what you are studying that we are not as it relates to reversing trends in the brand?
Peter Swinburn: Okay, well, I’ll pass it over to Leo to give you the fine detail but there’s no doubt that in the core purchase pattern of Miller Light, we are seeing improvements, which is always a good sign. It’s really too early, I think, to get any sort of brand equity scores back on the advertising but certainly it’s resonating in terms of top of mind to a much greater extent.  But I mean, there’s been a lot that’s been done to that brand in terms of pricing and so on to stabilize it but Leo, can I pass it over to you to take that further?
Leo Kiely: The trends haven’t changed materially for I think pretty understandable reasons. We got into the second quarter, there was, particularly in some segments of the country a year ago very aggressive discounting going on in the big trade segment, so overlapping that has had an affect. Our pricing, however, since we moved last October has been very steady and our level of discounting continues to show productivity, which I think in some sense when you start to look at the non-promoted brand trends come up underneath it are an indication of just how big this franchise is and how responsive it is once you get things moving in the right direction.  But look, it’s early days, we’ve got work to do on the copy front to sharpen the message. We know that. We know the message is resonating from a top line awareness point of view and we would hope to see progress as we come out of this year and go into next year. 
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Farkas of Merrill Lynch.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. A couple of questions. Firstly on the U.K., can you talk about the sustainability of this huge increase or price increase year over year -- what does the underlying rate look like on a comp basis, and will we see this 19% for the second half of the year?
Peter Swinburn: Again, I’ll sort of take it first and I’ll pass it on to Mark in a minute -- I mean obviously, we are not going to project what our pricing is going to be for the second half of the year but you will remember that we took a price increase in September last year in the U.K. so we have to cycle that. And the only other thing I would point to is that with some of these price agreements, with the major on-trade retailers, they are actually long-term price agreements, so they run for three years and they’ve got [steppers], so they are locked into that extent.  But Mark, do you want to put more color around that?
Mark Hunter: I think what you have to remember is we have now seen 10 consecutive quarters of price improvement and the step-up that we’ve seen, to Peter’s point, was because of the additional price increase that we took last year. And that was really to drive those into position where we were starting to see gross margin growth, which we hadn’t seen in our business, so we’ve not see three consecutive quarters of gross margin growth.  I would expect to see the magnitude of pricing continue at the rate we’ve seen for the last couple of quarters as we lap the additional price increase from last year. But in a market that continues to shrink, and with the continued pressure we are seeing around responsible drinking, our view is that continuing on this path and staying true to our strategy is absolutely the correct thing to do. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Now, correct me if I’m wrong but industry data coming out for the second quarter showed that on-premise volumes appeared to have been slightly less bad than the second quarter. Is that fair? Are you seeing such trends?
Mark Hunter: Yeah, I don’t think we’ll call a party because things are going less bad but certainly the trend has improved. The interesting thing is really since the middle of last year, so Q3 of 2008, we’ve now seen four consecutive quarters of decline in the off-trades, ranging from 5% to 10%. On-trade has improved but certainly in the second quarter, it was still ticking down at just under 5%, so total industry remains very challenging. On a year-to-date basis, volumes are down about 6%. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks for that. Moving to North America and looking at the Canadian first half industry growth of a half-a-point versus the U.S., down about a point, I’m just wondering how when you look at the two markets, perhaps one is lagging the other, perhaps one is seeing greater price strength than the other -- can you maybe talk about why the Canadian market has held up a big better than the U.S. so far?
Dave Perkins: Well, I can’t really provide the comparison to the U.S. I know as we look at what’s going on in Canada, I think frankly some of the promotional value that is being delivered to the consumers is in fact helping with industry volume. 
Peter Swinburn: Leo, do you have any comment on the U.S.?
Leo Kiely: No, I wouldn’t have a sense of why there would be a difference, Peter. 
Peter Swinburn: Yeah, to be honest with you, Christine, these things, if you look at the sort of the four weekly cycles or the quarterly cycles, they do move around quite a bit, so Canada has been a bit strong and it’s not significant, I wouldn’t think. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for that and then Peter, I’ll ask the question as I did last quarter with respect to your Foster stake -- has there been a change at all in your indirect ownership in that or has your perspective change of the Australian market?
Peter Swinburn: No, no, our position has not changed at all and I think we’ve been pretty consistent in our commentary on Fosters and if I were to repeat it, I would just be saying what I’ve said in the past, Christine. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Mark Swartzberg of Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. I guess first, Stewart, as relates to FX transactionally speaking in Canada, I think in the first quarter it was a net negative, how those hedges worked out for you. Can you tell us, was it a net negative in terms of dollar impact on the U.S. dollar profits in the second quarter? And then as you look at the balance of the year, how do you think given where rates are right now for FX, what do you think kind of impact we’ll see from those hedges transactionally?
Stewart Glendinning: Okay, well, I think if you just reflect on our quarter for our hedges, actually our hedges would have been positive this quarter but let’s just -- let’s just look at the top level of this thing. Canadian dollar, down about 13%, impact overall just from FX for the quarter about $18 million. I think if you looked at the outlook and looking forward for the rest of the year, as we’ve shared with you we do have an active hedging program which hedges certain currency flows between Canada and the U.S. We also have a large proportion of our debt is denominated in Canadian dollars, which does provide a natural hedge against that. And if you take all that into account, you should expect that we have about 50% of our Canadian profits for the back half of the year are hedged.  Also I think if you looked forward and looked at where current rates sit as against the rates last year, you will find current rates are about 4% lower than last year and I think you will find that the fourth quarter we start to cycle that and you will see actually current rates being stronger than they were in the fourth quarter last year by about 12%. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, helpful. And from a -- zeroing in specifically on this transactional issue, which seems to swing from quarter to quarter, which is -- whether it’s beneficial or adverse, very understandable but knowing what you know right now about how those hedges are priced and given where the rates are right now, do you expect that that’s going to be a net positive or a net negative of any -- at least of any size in the second half for your Canadian profits, dollar denominated -- U.S. dollar denominated?
Stewart Glendinning: Mark, I don’t think we’ve given anybody any specific pricing on our hedges, and I think again, I would go back to the comments I just gave you -- if you looked at our rates for the third quarter, it will still be slightly down on last year, fourth quarter looking a lot better. 
Dave Dunnewald: Mark, you know that our hedging program is essentially designed to mitigate volatility in our earnings, to the extent we can. So when Stewart mentioned that we expect a very slight FX headwind from a translational standpoint in the third quarter, that means the hedges ought to provide just a little bit of benefit, right? And then in the fourth quarter when that flips to a little bit of a tailwind from a translational standpoint, then you would expect the hedges to provide a little bit of headwind. In other words, take a little bit of that benefit off. We can’t give specifics but I think that’s the philosophy. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Excellent. Thank you, guys. And if I could just shift more to the business in Canada, Dave -- other Dave, you’re new there, running that business. Talked a little bit, we’ve heard a little from you here about your intentions with value offerings but could you give us kind of a broader report card on what you are seeing there, in terms of how you guys go to market that you think needs to change? And then operationally, incentive, compensation, anything else about how you guys actually run your business and motivate the people running the business to achieve better results going forward. 
Dave Perkins: I think the -- really the key opportunity for us in Canada going forward is around the long-term brand building and as I come back into the business in Canada and I look at the things that we have that we can leverage, I mean, we have an incredible portfolio there that plays against all consumer needs. We have a corporate reputation that’s really strong and we have passionate employees that I think would go through a wall for the company. And for me, it’s really around taking the portfolio to the next level and I think that’s around the sorts of things we talked about as an enterprise -- innovation that we do behind our key brands, continuing to leverage Coors Light, which is really critical to us and doing very, very well in Canada, and addressing Molson Canadian, which I think we’ve acknowledged in the past is a brand that requires some work. And I can tell you that our marketing team has shared with me in recent weeks some really exciting thinking they are doing on the brand that will come to fruition over the next six months or so and that’s around the positioning on the brand and the programming, and I’ve been around Molson Canadian for many, many years and this is some really solid thinking, and so I feel good about that.  So for me, it really is continuing to drive against taking our portfolio to another level.  As far as the people aspect of this in incentives, you know, I feel good about what we are doing there. I think our employees are clearly aligned behind what we need to do. With value brought in line and with continuing to add excitement on our brands, I think we’ll be in a really good place.  So I don’t see the need for changes in that aspect today. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Great, and if I could, one last thing -- on the competitive landscape, in my opinion, I don’t know if this is accurate, it’s been somewhat imbalanced, the level of commodity benefits you versus Labatt and others have had over the last 12 months. Of course, you’re not sitting inside their P&L but as you kind of look out and think about how the commodity hedges have affected behavior over the last 12 months and might affect behavior on price over the next 12 months, what -- do you have a sense of how much of a level playing field that’s going to create or not level playing field it might create over the next 12 months?
Dave Perkins: That would be a very difficult thing for me to comment on. I think -- you know, I’d come back to the consumer, Mark and from my perspective, we’re seeing the consumer responding to value propositions. I think as the economy drags along, we’ll likely see that adjust and so the way I would look forward I think on this is that it will come from the consumer. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Fair enough. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I am showing no further questions from the phone lines. 
Peter Swinburn: Okay. In that case, Matthew, we’ll call it a wrap. Thank you, everybody, for taking an interest in the business and we look forward to talking to you again when we disclose our third quarter results. Thank you very much, everybody. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today’s conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer  Stewart Glendinning - Global Chief Financial Officer Mark Hunter - President and Chief Executive Officer - Coors Brewers Limited Kevin T. Boyce - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada Leo Kiely - CEO of MillerCoors
Analysts: Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus John Faucher - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2009 first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Before we get started, I want to paraphrase the company’s Safe Harbor language -- some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today, so please refer to its most recent 10-K, 10-Q, and proxy filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call, please visit the company’s website, www.molsoncoors.com, for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results.  I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Peter Swinburn, President and Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Brewing Company. Sir, you may begin. 
Peter Swinburn:  Thank you, Matthew. Hello and welcome everybody and thanks for joining us today. With me on the call are: Stewart Glendinning, Molson Coors CFO; Leo Kiely, CEO of MillerCoors; Gavin Hattersley, CFO of MillerCoors; Kevin Boyce, CEO of Molson Canada; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors U.K.; Dave Perkins, President of Global Brand and Market Development; Sam Walker, Molson Coors Chief Legal Officer; Bill Waters, Molson Coors Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors Vice President of Investor Relations.  On the call today, Stewart and I will take you through highlights of our first quarter 2009 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective on the balance of 2009. As usual, we will include a review of financial results for MillerCoors. Then, we will open it up for questions. So let’s get started. In the first quarter, our strong brands, strategic initiatives, cost reductions and lower incentive compensation drove 75% profit growth for our company. We also achieved positive pricing and local-currency profit growth in each of our major markets. These positive factors more than offset continuing commodity inflation, unfavorable currency movements, a higher tax rate, and lower volume, especially in the U.K. Our highlights for the quarter show the importance of building brands and reducing costs. In the first quarter: we increased worldwide Coors Light volume more than 4% from a year ago; in Canada, net pricing grew as price increases across all major markets more than offset higher price discounting, primarily in the Quebec market; in the U.K., based on our value-driven strategy, which is underpinned by our brand building focus, we delivered strong pricing growth and benefited significantly from our contract brewing arrangement and the expansion of Magners draught cider; MillerCoors made great progress in the U.S. on both the top-line and bottom-line, with an improving growth profile achieved for the total portfolio and for key brands. At the same time, MillerCoors achieved underlying profit growth of nearly 50% versus the pro-forma result a year ago; we reduced corporate overhead and interest costs in the first quarter. So we are pleased with the bottom-line momentum we have achieved leading into the peak summer selling season, but we nonetheless remain cautious about the rest of the year due to uncertainty around currency exchange rates and beer market volume trends, plus continuing commodity inflation. So with that as an overview, I'll turn it over to Stewart to review first quarter financial results and trends and then we’ll cover the outlook for 2009. Stewart, over to you. 
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks, Peter. Hello, everyone. I’ll start with first quarter financial highlights. Worldwide pro forma beer volume for Molson Coors declined 2.7% from a year ago, driven by industry weakness, primarily in the U.K. Meanwhile, our underlying pretax income increased 74% to $107.5 million. This increase was driven by earnings growth from MillerCoors and our U.K. business, along with lower long-term incentive compensation and interest expenses.  Foreign currency movements decreased this pretax profit by approximately $9 million in the first quarter, driven by a 20% year-over-year depreciation of the Canadian Dollar and a 28% depreciation of the British Pound versus the U.S. Dollar. On the bottom line, underlying after-tax income of $98.8 million, or $0.53 per diluted share, was 75% higher than the first quarter a year ago.  It is important to note that our first quarter underlying earnings exclude some one-time expenses, particularly related to MillerCoors and our Foster’s cash-settled total-return swap, as well net special charges of $10.2 million. These adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results are described in detail in the earnings release we distributed this morning.  Also, our first quarter 2009 results reflect our adoption of new accounting standards for convertible debt (APB14) and “Non-controlling Interests in Financial Statements” (FAS160), as well as the adoption of hectoliters as our standard global volume measure. Prior period results presented have been adjusted to reflect these changes.  Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results we share with you today will be in U.S. Dollars. In segment performance highlights, starting with Canada, our results benefited from positive net pricing, along with cost inflation impacts that were more than two-thirds lower than in the first quarter of 2008. As a result, underlying pretax earnings in local currency grew more than 13% versus a year ago. However, a 20% year-over-year decline in the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar resulted in lower reported Canada earnings in the quarter. In March this year, we discontinued our consolidation of Brewers Retail Inc., or BRI, which operates the Ontario beer stores. We began accounting for BRI results using the equity method of accounting because we are no longer the majority holder of financial interests in BRI, primarily due to our ownership interest being reduced following Labatt’s acquisition of Lakeport Brewing in Ontario. This change will decrease underlying Canada pretax income and Corporate interest expense a similar amount, yielding no significant impact on underlying consolidated income.  To provide more-comparable results, we will provide year-over-year changes that exclude the reporting effects in Canada of deconsolidating BRI and of setting up MillerCoors in 2008.  So, let’s review the highlights.   Canada underlying pretax income was $58.1 million in the first quarter, 9.4% lower than a year ago, as gains in the base business were more than offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. The weakening Canadian dollar reduced Canada segment underlying income by approximately $12 million in the quarter. Canada underlying pretax income in local currency was approximately 13% higher than a year ago, including the benefit of currency hedges.    Our Canada sales to retail, or STRs, for the calendar quarter ended March 31st decreased 3.2% versus a year ago, driven by soft industry volumes in the first quarter, along with our decision to limit our participation in off-premise price discounting. STRs of our strategic brands, which represent more than 85% of our Canada volume, were stable, while sales of our non-supported brands declined. Strategic brand changes were led by double-digit growth of Coors Light and mid-single-digit growth by Carling. Partner import brands and Molson Canadian declined versus prior year.   Total Canadian beer industry sales to retail declined an estimated 1.2% in the calendar first quarter. Our estimated Canada market share decreased about three-quarters of a share point in the first quarter versus a year ago.   Our Canada sales volume was 1.8 million hectoliters in the first quarter, virtually unchanged from a year ago.   Comparable net sales per hectoliter increased 2% in local currency, driven by favorable net pricing, led by price increases across all major markets, partially offset by continued discounting activity.    Cost of goods sold per hectoliter in the first quarter increased 2.4% on a comparable basis in local currency. This increase was due to the net effect of three factors: one, higher commodity, packaging material, distribution and other input costs increased 2.5%; two, more than a third of these inflationary increases were offset by savings from our Resources for Growth initiatives; and three, an increase of about 1% was driven by increased overhead costs and ongoing product mix shifts.   Comparable marketing general & administrative expense in the quarter decreased almost 6% in local currency, driven by lower overhead costs and cycling higher long-term incentive compensation in the prior year.    Other income increased due to $2.7 million of pretax gains from foreign currency hedges.  In the U.S., underlying U.S. segment pretax income increased 52% to $94.2 million in the first quarter, driven by strong underlying earnings growth by MillerCoors versus a year ago. Note that U.S. segment results include our share of first quarter 2009 MillerCoors net income and various equity income adjustments, which are then compared to the year-earlier results reported by our legacy Coors business. Looking specifically at the total MillerCoors P&L in U.S. GAAP, which is compared to the prior year pro forma MillerCoors results, underlying net income for the quarter, excluding special items, increased 46% to $216.4 million from the prior year pro forma result. This earnings growth was driven by accelerated synergy delivery, strong revenue growth, disciplined cost management, and the timing of marketing spending, despite continuing commodity cost pressures. MillerCoors domestic STRs increased 0.4% versus the prior year pro forma quarter due to strong results from five of the six focus brands, offset primarily by declines in Milwaukee’s Best and above-premium domestic brands. Domestic sales-to-wholesalers, STWs, declined 1% versus prior year, while total STWs declined 2%, driven by a double-digit reduction in contract brewing volumes. MillerCoors total net sales increased by 3.8% to $1.72 billion versus the prior pro forma quarter. Pricing remained strong in the first quarter as domestic net sales per hectoliter, excluding contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, increased 5.6% based on 2008 price increases in the first and fourth quarters, and reductions in discounting. Pricing growth was lower than the previous quarter due to cycling of early 2008 general price increases.  Though MillerCoors continues to realize supply chain related synergies and deliver savings from its cost leadership programs -- Resources For Growth and Project Unicorn -- cost of goods sold, COGS, per hectoliter increased by 5.3% due to significant increases in brewing and packaging materials related to high commodity costs last year.   For the first quarter, marketing, general and administrative costs decreased by 9.1%, driven by timing and management of marketing and sales spending and the accelerated timing of synergy delivery. Now moving to our U.K. business in the first quarter, we achieved underlying pretax profit for the quarter of $3.5 million, an improvement of $5.5 million versus 2008. Driven by strong pricing growth, the ramp-up of our contract brewing arrangement, and reduced marketing and pension costs, this represents our best first quarter profit in the U.K. in five years. The U.K. team achieved this improvement despite a 28% devaluation of the British Pound versus the U.S. dollar, which had a $2 million negative impact on U.K. pretax income.  Looking at first quarter highlights: our U.K. owned-brand volume decreased 13.8% year-on-year, compared to a total industry decline of more than 8%, reflecting the impact of a weak economy in the U.K and our firm pricing stance with customers, especially in the off-premise, which is key to our strategy to grow margins. As a consequence of this stance, we lost market share in the quarter.   Comparable net sales per hectoliter of our own products increased 11.6% in local currency, with approximately three-fourths of this driven by higher pricing in all channels, as we benefited from price increases implemented in 2008, combined with an additional price increase toward the end of the first quarter this year. The balance of the revenue per hectoliter increase was the result of positive sales mix, partly the result of growth in draught Magners cider. This represents the ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year pricing growth for our U.K. business. For the second consecutive quarter, we achieved pricing growth ahead of input inflation, resulting in improved gross margins.  Comparable cost of goods sold per hectoliter of our own products increased 5.2% in local currency in the first quarter, primarily due to higher input cost inflation, partly offset by results of cost-reduction initiatives and lower pension costs.    Marketing, general & administrative expenses in the U.K. decreased 2.7% in local currency due to lower marketing and pension expense in the quarter.  In the Global Markets and Corporate segment, our Global Markets team grew volume nearly 26% in the first quarter on a small base, driven by China and Europe. MG&A expense for Global Markets was $11 million in the quarter, an increase of $2.8 million versus a year ago.   On the other hand, Corporate G&A expense declined $7.8 million to $21.1 million, due to lower long-term incentive compensation this year.    First quarter Corporate interest expense declined $8.7 million from a year ago, with about $5 million of this reduction attributable to foreign currency movements and the balance due to the deconsolidation of BRI. Note that interest expense for the first quarter of 2008 has been increased $3.9 million retroactively in accordance with the new accounting rules for convertible debt.   Corporate Other Expense of $21.9 million was driven by a non-cash, mark-to-market expense related to the cash-settled total return swap we arranged with respect to Foster’s common stock.    The underlying loss for Global Markets and Corporate was $48.4 million pretax in the first quarter, a 22% decrease driven by lower Corporate G&A and interest expense this year. Now, highlights of our cost-reduction initiatives -- in the first quarter, we captured an incremental $18 million of cost savings as part of our three-year, $250 million Resources for Growth, or RFG, cost reduction initiative. These cost reductions include our 42% share of RFG cost savings initiatives that were assumed by MillerCoors, which equaled $3 million in the first quarter. In addition to RFG savings, MillerCoors delivered $50 million of incremental cost synergies in quarter.  Moving beyond operating business unit performance, our first quarter effective tax rate was negative 2% on a reported basis and positive 8% on an underlying basis. These rates are lower than our expected annual rate for 2009 because of the favorable resolution of unrecognized tax positions in the quarter.   The first quarter is generally a cash-use quarter because of the seasonality of the beer business. Free cash flow for the first quarter reflected a net cash use of $80 million, which was made up of $5 million of operating cash flow, plus $2 million of proceeds from asset sales, minus capital spending of $20 million and $67 million of cash contributed to MillerCoors. This free cash flow result was $88 million improved versus the first quarter of 2008 due to improved operating cash flow from the U.S. this year.    Total owned debt at the end of the first quarter was $1.57 billion. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $94 million at the end of the first quarter, resulting in owned net debt of $1.47 billion.    Looking forward, we continue to expect full-year 2009 marketing, general & administrative expense in the Corporate and Global Markets segment of approximately $150 million, plus or minus 5%.   We anticipate full-year corporate interest expense of approximately $85 million to $90 million at today’s foreign exchange rates, including the net effect of new accounting rules for convertible debt and the deconsolidation of BRI.    Turning to our effective tax rate, we continue to anticipate that our underlying tax rates for full-year 2009 will be in the range of 16% to 20%, assuming no further changes in tax laws. Within the quarters, however, our tax rate will be volatile. We currently anticipate underlying tax rates in the range of 24% to 28% in the second and third quarters and 4% to 8% for the fourth quarter this year.    Our capital spending outlook for 2009 continues to be approximately $140 million. As usual, this guidance excludes MillerCoors.    Right -- at this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for a look ahead to 2009. Peter.
Peter Swinburn:  Thanks, Stewart. In 2009, we continue to focus on building strong brands, reducing costs in each of our businesses, and generating cash. In Canada, we made a conscious decision not to fully participate in some of the price discounting in Quebec during the first quarter, and this adversely affected our volume and share trends in that province.  For the remainder of the year, we are confident that we can manage the business in a way that keeps us competitive in all markets, while generating sufficient profit to enable us to continue ongoing investment in our brands. In the U.S., the MillerCoors integration is proceeding well. Specifically, the integration of business processes and systems is enabling faster local decision-making and streamlining of costs. The MillerCoors network optimization project is ahead of schedule, as are the planned brewing production relocations, with more than 60% completed by the beginning of April.  In addition, construction of the new MillerCoors headquarters in Chicago is nearing completion, with an expected occupancy date in the third quarter of 2009. Finally, the U.S. team is aggressively working to deliver against its stated goal of achieving $500 million of cost savings in the first three years of combined operations.  Our top priority in the U.S. is getting Miller Lite growing again. We believe that by focusing on taste, MillerCoors’ new marketing program can get this great brand back on the path toward growth. And as we enter the key summer selling season, MillerCoors plans to ramp up marketing spending on our brand portfolio to align package and product innovation with marketing messages that drive consumer trial, repeat and loyalty. The team will continue to accelerate Coors Light growth by driving its Rocky Mountain cold refreshment message with new marketing and cold activated cans. At retail, MillerCoors will have a number of major marketing programs lined up with chain partners to drive sales this summer. In the U.K., we anticipate a challenging trading environment to continue throughout 2009 due to a weak local economy, with commodity inflation also being a challenge. However, we believe that our U.K. business is now on much firmer footing as it benefits from our contract brewing arrangement, the Magners cider agreement, supplier renegotiations, and pricing negotiations with customers.  Moreover, our brand strength has consistently supported positive pricing, and we implemented a 2009 price increase in March. As a brand-led company, we continue to grow our investments behind our brands on a per-hectoliter basis. Looking forward, we anticipate that performance comparisons with prior year will become more challenging in the second half of 2009 in the U.K., as we cycle the ramp up of our strategic initiatives in the second half of 2008. Following are the most recent volume results for each of our businesses early in the second quarter.   In Canada, our comparable sales to retail in April decreased slightly versus a year ago.   In the first four weeks of the second quarter, our U.K. sales to retail have increased at a low-single-digit rate due to the year-over-year change in the timing of the Easter holiday, along with improving weather. In the first four weeks of the second quarter in the U.S., MillerCoors has grown sales to retail at a low-single-digit rate compared to last year. In the area of cost outlook, by business: in Canada, we continue to expect our comparable 2009 cost of goods per hectoliter in local currency to increase at a low-single-digit rate versus 2008 due to inflationary pressures, partially offset by anticipated reductions in certain commodity and fuel inflation rates, as well as cost savings from our Resources for Growth initiatives.    Our U.K. team is targeting substantial reductions as part of the Resources for Growth program, driven by supplier negotiations and operational efficiencies. In a challenging industry volume environment, our view for the full year 2009 is that U.K. owned-brand cost of goods will increase at a high-single-digit rate per hectoliter in local currency. This is driven by mid-single-digit inflation and production mix changes related to growth in contract brewing and Magners cider. These mix changes also increase net sales per hectoliter and are a benefit to gross profit.   In the U.S., the MillerCoors team further accelerated synergy delivery timing, realizing $50 million in the first quarter, including some savings originally planned for the second quarter. MillerCoors has now realized $78 million in synergy savings since being formed on July 1, 2008. The U.S. team expects to realize $128 million of synergies by June 30 -- more than 2.5 times its original goal for the first 12 months of operations. As a result, MillerCoors is more confident than ever that it can nail the synergies commitment on time, and the team is already developing the next generation of cost savings, with details to follow later this year. Finally, with regard to foreign currency impacts, if the Canadian Dollar and British Pound stay where they are today relative to the U.S. Dollar, we would face substantial currency translation challenges in the second and third quarters of 2009. At current rates, Canadian Dollar devaluation would present a Canada pretax earnings headwind of approximately 15% to 20% of prior-year earnings in each of the second and third quarters of 2009, with minimal impact in the fourth quarter. It is important to note that we expect our debt structure and currency hedging programs to offset about 50% to 60% of this impact on pretax earnings in 2009.   Also, at current rates, British Pound devaluation would negatively impact our U.K. pretax earnings by about 20% to 25% in the second and third quarters of the year, with a 5% to 10% impact in the 4th quarter. We have no significant currency hedges focused on the British Pound exposure.  To summarize our results and discussion today, in the first quarter, our strong brands, strategic initiatives, cost reductions and lower incentive compensation drove 75% profit growth for our company. We also achieved positive pricing and local-currency profit growth in each of our major markets. These positive factors more than offset continuing commodity inflation, unfavorable currency movements, a higher tax rate, and lower volume, particularly in the U.K.  We are pleased with our bottom-line momentum that we have achieved leading into the peak summer selling season, but we remain cautious about the rest of the year due to uncertainty around currency exchange rates and beer market volume trends, plus continuing commodity price inflation. For the balance of 2009, we will remain keenly focused on the fundamentals that drive results in this business.  Our priorities are to build great beer brands and grow revenue per hectoliter; deliver cost savings on or ahead of our commitments; generate substantial free cash; and grow long-term returns to Molson Coors shareholders.  Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment -- our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time today, our Investor Relations team led by Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, essentially a working session for analysts and investors who have additional questions regarding our quarterly results. That call will also be available for you to hear via web cast and recorded replay on our website. So at this point, Matthew, can we open it up for questions, please? 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Christine Farkas from Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. I am hoping I can get a little bit more color on Canada. We are hearing, Kevin, a little bit more widespread discounting occurring in Quebec and it’s of course hard to read across all the retailers what the depth of that is. Can you comment on the environment there and how it looks in other provinces? And just on the back of that, is there an Alberta tax that could impact industry volumes coming up? Thank you. 
Kevin T. Boyce: Thanks, Christine. Let’s start with Quebec where I’d say it’s fair to say in the last three to four months, it’s extended a little bit more into the independent trade. Having said that, there has been, as you are familiar with, there is a minimum price change every year in Quebec, so the minimum price has actually been adjusted up. And we took a fairly conservative approach early in the quarter, certainly as we went into March and April we’ve adjusted our plans and we’ve seen a nice bounce back in volume. So as we look forward, we’ve got we believe the right programs in place. We’ve adjusted our costs where appropriate. We continue to have good support, marketing, and sales support in our brands, so we are confident that the plans we have in place are the right mix of both driving equity but also being price competitive in that marketplace.  If you look across the rest of the provinces, I’d say the general comment, pricing has been taken, that maybe discounting is a little bit more aggressive, a little bit in the west but I would have to say nothing in the context of what I think people are looking at with respect to Quebec and yes, there is a tax change in Alberta that was just enacted in the latest budget. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Now can you help me, Kevin, with the currency? I’m under the impression there were some natural hedges but we are seeing a 20% hit on your profit line and also about a 20% hit on total TAP pretax, so I am trying to understand where there might have been a benefit. Can you give us the top line hit on Canadian FX and maybe how the rest of the P&L might have offset some of that increase?
Kevin T. Boyce: Christine, if it’s all right with you, can I switch that over to Stewart to answer that?
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Certainly, certainly. 
Stewart Glendinning: Christine, just to highlight, there was about an $11.7 million FX impact on Canadian earnings for the quarter. Some of our hedges which we have in place actually flow through the Canadian P&L so that you can more easily see the net impact in Canada. There is a $2.7 million benefit coming through that P&L in the first quarter. It’s also important to realize that since a bunch of our debt is Canadian dollar denominated, we actually save on interest costs when the Canadian dollar depreciates, so as Peter mentioned, we’ve got about 50% to 60% of the Canadian earnings covered but there’s still a fair bit of exposure. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And last question, if I could, Peter, on your holdings in Fosters, I know there was a mark-to-market hit. Can you talk about the losses or the mark-to-market losses to date and if your view on this financial instrument or strategic interest has changed at all?
Peter Swinburn:  Yes, certainly, Christine. Our view on Fosters has been pretty consistent and it’s not going to change, and that is that we like the flexibility of the cash settle swap. We reserve our right to either increase that or decrease it or stay the same and so really nothing has changed as far as we are concerned on Fosters.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carlos Laboy from Credit Suisse.
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Good morning, everyone. Peter, I was hoping you could expand a little bit on that previous question -- with [inaudible] arrangement, Labatt looks like it’s renewed it for at least another year. Can you expand on your market response in terms of pricing, in terms of price caps for Coors Light in particular in Quebec? And I guess the big concern is, is there enough cost to cut out that you don’t have to cut into market spending for Coors Light?
Peter Swinburn:  I’ll let Kevin give the details, Carlos, but I think just as a sort of a bit of context, if you like -- we have always taken the view in Quebec that we have a strong brand portfolio that will always be successful on a relative price platform and I think we’ve proven that every time we step back in the market, so we are very comfortable about the strength of our brands in that market. And as I said, I think in the preamble, we always have had and will continue to have a bias to invest behind our brands, both in good and bad times, and we are not going to come off that. So I don’t think we are going to talk about the detail about what we are doing, but I’ll pass it over to Kevin just to give maybe a slightly more detailed perspective on Quebec. So Kevin.
Kevin T. Boyce: Thanks, Peter. Carlos, I think your first question was with respect to did Labatt’s renew their deal or was a new deal put in place at Loblaws, and yeah, our understanding is there probably is another year. I would say that we are back in a more meaningful way in Loblaws, so we will see a different trend this year and that we looked at as positive. When you look at -- I think your second question about are we confident we can take out the costs so that we are not going to have to alter our brand support, the programs that we’ve identified, both in Quebec and elsewhere, we’re confident that we’ve got the appropriate balance and that we will be able to put the amount of money that we think is necessary behind all of our brands in Quebec and indeed nationally. 
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: But have you had to cut back market spend though?
Kevin T. Boyce: Market spend in the first quarter is pretty flattish with a year ago. 
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question in queue is from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Kevin, just following up on Canada again, I think you had said the SPRs actually were down slightly in April, which suggests a sequential improvement in the first quarter. Is this driven by just more discounting or has the industry gotten a little bit better as we enter into the second quarter here?
Kevin T. Boyce: If you look, there’s been two different aspects over the last four months. The first two months, January and February, were fairly soft. If you just took March and April together, March and April the industry has grown, as have our shipments. So clearly a bit of a soft start. There’s a whole bunch of reasons -- leap year -- that we can all get into but I would say of late that the industry is better. I think there’s still concern about the economy and we are seeing some trading down and a little bit -- a touch of softness here and there but when I talk about a touch, I’m really talking about some very modest changes and certainly we are encouraged by what we’ve seen in March and April. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just on pricing, it sounds like as the quarter progressed, you’ve become a little more aggressive on discounting. You’ve talked about getting back in Loblaws with more discounting there. Is the 2% pricing in the first quarter, is that number going to moderate as the year progresses in terms of your initiatives with some of these discounting activities?
Kevin T. Boyce: I think it’s important to remember that when you compare to a year ago on the first quarter, by and large the pricing activity in Quebec was much more benign, so as we go into the rest of the year, we will be cycling some of the spend that we did in the last nine months and specifically in the summer time.  I don’t fee comfortable giving you an estimate going forward but I think that was important background to get into, and a lot will depend on a combination of how everybody is doing in the marketplace, what the industry is performing like and to be honest, I don’t think the weather last summer was very good, particularly on the weekends. So as we look forward, we’d love some nice warm long weekend weather. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then Peter or Stewart, if we look at your tax rate, obviously the long-term tax rate is pretty low compared to other companies. To what extent would the current proposal by the administration in terms of changing the foreign taxes could have an impact on your long-term tax rate?
Peter Swinburn:  Okay, well, two pieces there. I think given the current laws, we feel pretty confident that the guidance we have given you with respect to our tax rates is good. With respect to some of the recent announcements, we really haven’t seen enough detail yet to be able to opine on the impacts specifically on our numbers and once we do see that detail, we will be able to share that with you. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then my last question, Stewart, just given the strong performance that you have seen in the first quarter, is there any changes to your cash flow outlook for the full year?
Stewart Glendinning: No, we are going to continue to hold to the numbers that we’ve given you already. I think that’s the place we feel comfortable with. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Currently I have no other questions in queue. (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from Mark Swartzberg of Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Canada is the topic du jour, I guess. A couple of more questions there -- the shipment number, flat STRs, down on the order of three -- what were the causes for that spread and what do you think that implies for the relationship in the second quarter and looking out?
Kevin T. Boyce: Mark, thanks for the question. Most of the shift was actually in the sub period between Christmas and New Year’s, so there was a big shift versus the year before and that’s the majority of the change, if you look at the biggest single drivers. That’s the majority of the change, so that shouldn’t affect the future periods, if you like. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. Great. 
Unidentified Participant:  You know, Mark, what Kevin is saying by step period is that’s the -- potentially the difference in calendars for STWs versus the calendar for STRs, and particularly when you have a holiday like New Year’s or Canada Day right on the crossover of a quarter, then you’ll get some shifting there. What he’s saying is it’s not primarily an inventory issue. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Got it. That’s helpful. And then also, more on the financial side -- I don’t know if this is for Stewart but you gave us the for-ex hedge benefit in the other income line, the $2.7 million. Was there also a benefit in Canadian COGS and if so, can you give us that amount?
Stewart Glendinning: We haven’t provided any guidance on COGS, Mark. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Is it fair to say there was a benefit?
Stewart Glendinning: We really haven’t gone into any of the details around that. I think what we have shared with you is the $2.7 million, specifically in our specific hedge agreements. You are seeing that flow through there. I can’t give you any specifics on the COGS. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then back on the tax rate, could you just repeat what you said in your prepared remarks about how you see that laying out in the second and third quarter?
Stewart Glendinning: If you looked at our -- at the biggest impact on the volatility of our tax rates, it’s related to the FIN-48 provisions, which requires us to put some of those liabilities on our books. As they unwind, that creates a lot of volatility in the numbers. If you then look at our number this quarter, it’s obviously -- it’s negative. It’s very low because of the unwinding of some of that, we expect the range for the year will follow the guidance that we’ve given you but specifically to your question, you will see in quarters two and three that -- two and three the rate will go up, we think somewhere between 24% and 28%, and then we expect that Q4 we’ll see that come back down again to somewhere between 4% and 8%. Is that helpful?
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes. Thanks, Stewart. Thanks, Kevin. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Faucher of J.P. Morgan. Your line is open. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Yes, good morning, everyone. I was wondering if I could ask a question about the U.S. business. You talked a little bit about the potential for improvement in Miller Lite, so can you talk a little bit about the order of magnitude expectation there? And then also, as I look at successful campaigns in light beer over the past decade or so, it seems to be more sort of specific attribute focused, whether it’s low carb or cold, what have you. And I guess what’s going to be different about taste this time, which doesn’t really seem like it’s been a big motivating factor in this segment over the past decade or so? Thanks. 
Leo Kiely: Tom, are you on the line? 
Unidentified Participant:  Yes. 
Leo Kiely: Do you want to take that?
Unidentified Participant:  Sure. You know, the light trend improved from around minus 7 to minus 4.5 in the first quarter versus fourth quarter last year and as you know, we shed some rented volume, particularly out in the west, and did a pretty good job of net revenue management with Miller Lite. In fact, for the last two quarters, the net revenue per barrel on Miller Lite has been the strongest in our portfolio. And that’s been the result of letting this portfolio work and finding the right balance in each of the markets.  Now, you know, of course minus 4.5 is below our original aspirations but the trend line is getting better and our April numbers are even better and sales of that Miller Lite pint and aluminum pint have been accelerating, so we are ambitious for the brand and we expect the trend to continue to improve throughout the year.  In terms of your point about the evolution of light beers, you know, functionality combined with an emotional reason to buy tends to work, and you are right -- a functional point of difference has worked. Miller Lite has had great taste since its inception and we brought that back to life with a real reason to believe called Triple Hopps Brewing, which we are seeding, and we’ll move that campaign on through with some innovation around the taste, the taste protector lid and some other innovations in the package this summer and we’ll follow it up and balance it out with some more emotionally driven advertising, which we showed our distributors in March called taste greatness.  So we think we’ll have a good combination of functional benefits and emotional reasons to drink. But most of this decline in Miller Lite is really not about the change in positioning -- it’s really about a change in strategy and how we have Miller Lite work with the portfolio -- how it and Coors Light and MGD64 work together to create a portfolio of really strong light beers with clear positions.  So that’s the context I’d hope you take Miller Lite’s position in. 
John Faucher - J.P. Morgan: Great. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Christine Farkas of Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thank you and thanks for taking the follow-up. Stewart, I’m wondering if you can help me with the joint venture accounting, if you will. It looks like on your cash flow, there was about an 86% pay-out of those distributions into cash. Can you maybe help us with how much CapEx there was in the JV, and depreciation? I believe that flowed through that line -- just help me reconcile that.  And then on the back of that, the depreciation that Molson Coors adds below the line in terms of their share of the MillerCoors earnings is very volatile. We’ve seen $3 million added back in the first quarter -- very different than the $36 million added back in the second half of ’08. How does that look for the rest of the year and once we anniversary the depreciation, does that line go to zero? Thank you. 
Stewart Glendinning: Let’s take the first part of your question and I think we will just need to revisit the second part, but if you first look at our cash distribution arrangements with the joint venture, we basically are receiving payments from the joint venture which closely correspond to their EBITDA, plus or minus any changes that come through in working capital, so you will see that’s the 80 or so, $84 million that we took in this period, all right?
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay. 
Stewart Glendinning: So that does closely correspond and obviously there’s some working capital impact there. The cash that went after MillerCoors, $67 million, is reflective of the various CapEx needs that MillerCoors had and that will encompass both of their synergy [target] spending as well as their regular CapEx requirements. So hopefully that answers the first part.  I’m sorry, can you give me the second part of your question again?
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Sure but on the first part, the cash that went out, the $67 million, that’s not included in the distribution line or in your CapEx line on your cash flow statement, correct?
Stewart Glendinning: Well, we -- it will show up in two places. I mean, the cash flow that we get back from them will show up in our cash flows from operating activities, so that’s $84 million coming in. The CapEx, the cash flows going back to them will go out as cash flows from investing activities. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, so that $67 million includes CapEx that you would’ve put into in the quarter?
Stewart Glendinning: That is correct. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And then the second part was really just about the depreciation below the line of what you add back in, pulling into Molson Coors, the depreciation number was near $30 million in the fourth quarter but $3 million in the first. I’m just wondering how to model that going forward. 
Stewart Glendinning: Yeah, you’re talking about with respect to MillerCoors?
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: That’s right, for MillerCoors and then pulling it into -- right, for MillerCoors and then the Molson Coors share. 
Stewart Glendinning: We actually don’t have that in any separate lines, so the only two lines that will be affected relative to MillerCoors’ cash flow were the two that I just highlighted. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for that. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) I’m showing no further questions from the phone lines. 
Peter Swinburn:  Okay. Thank you very much, Matthew. Thank you, everyone, for joining us and thanks for your interest in Molson Coors. We will no doubt speak to some of you in the interim, but probably mostly we will speak to you at the next quarter results. Thanks very much. Thank you, Matthew. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s call. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-10 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter Swinburn – President & Chief Executive Officer Stewart Glendinning – Global Chief Financial Officer W. Leo Kiely, III – Chief Executive Officer Miller Coors Gavin Hattersley – Chief Financial Officer Miller Coors Kevin T. Boyce – President & Chief Executive Officer Canada Mark Hunter – President & Chief Executive Officer Coors Brewers Limited David Perkins – President Global Brand & Market Development Samuel D. Walker – Global Chief Legal Officer & Corporate Secretary William G. Waters – Chief Accounting Officer Dave Dunnewald – Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Kaumil Gajrawala – UBS Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs Christine Farkas – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Swartzberg – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. 
Operator: Welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2008 fourth quarter earnings conference call. Before we get started, I want to paraphrase the company’s Safe Harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today so please refer to its most recent 10K, 10Q and proxy filings for a more complete description for factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publically update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Regarding any non-US GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call, please visit the company’s website www.MolsonCoors.com for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest US GAAP results. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference Mr. Peter Swinburn, President and Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Brewing. 
Peter Swinburn : With me on the call are Stewart Glendinning, Molson Coors’ CFO, Leo Kiely, CEO of Miller Coors, Gavin Hattersley, CFO of Miller Coors, Kevin Boyce, CEO of Molson Canada, Mark Hunter, CEO of Coors Brewers Limited, Dave Perkins, President of Global Brand and Market Development, Sam Walker, Molson Coors’ Chief Legal Officer, Bill Waters, Molson Coors’ Controller and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors’ Vice President of Investor Relations. On the call today Stewart and I will take you through some highlights of our fourth quarter 2008 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company along with some initial perspective on 2009. As usual, we will include a review of financial results for MillerCoors and then we’ll open it up for questions.  So, our fourth quarter financial results reflect the combined challenges of a much stronger US dollar versus a year ago, substantial commodity inflation and volume softness in our major markets. Foreign currency movements alone accounted for more than 55% of the year-over-year decline in fourth quarter pre-tax profit. Input inflation across all of our businesses added another $41 million of headwinds in the quarter and beer volume declined from a year ago due to softening industry conditions in each of our major markets. While this was a difficult quarter, we continued to make operational progress across our company. In Canada we grew net pricing based on the strength of our strategic brand portfolio despite continued competitive price discounting in Quebec. In the UK we also grew net pricing for the eighth consecutive quarter and began to see significant benefits from the launch of Magners draught cider and our new contract brewing arrangement. MillerCoors in the US made great progress with its integration including reporting 22% growth in underlying earnings for the first two quarters of combined financial results versus the pro forma result a year ago. MillerCoors has also announced that it is accelerating delivery of cost synergies during its first three years. Finally, we reduced corporate overhead and interest costs in the fourth quarter.  Before we go on to the fourth quarter in detail, I want to share with you some important accomplishments from 2008, a year full of challenges but also transformation and progress for our company. We made great strides on brand building, front line pricing and cost reductions but, we gave back a lot to commodity inflation, weakened industry volume in key markets and unfavorable foreign currency towards the end of the year. On the bottom line, we reported underlying earnings of $512.6 million US dollars, up 1% from a year ago while earnings per share declined $0.04 to $2.76. The completion of MillerCoors in the US led our transformational moves and integration is progressing well. In Canada we increased net pricing based on the strength of our strategic brand portfolio and secured the opportunity to grow the Modelo brands across Canada for the long term. In the UK, we grew market share for the full year in both on and off premise with both Carling and Coors Light outperforming the market in their respective segments. We also increased net pricing in all four quarters. We launched Magners draught cider and setup a contract brewing arrangement that will be beneficial to us for years to come.  Globally, we grew Coors Light volume 86% for the full year in 2008 and we exceeded all of our cost saving goals, significantly funded our pensions and reduced the future size and volatility of our pension liabilities. We created a stronger global market development organization for future growth in the business and we reduced interest and corporate overhead expense. All of these steps to put our company on a firmer footing as we move in to 2009. With that overview, I’ll now turn it over to Stewart to review fourth quarter financial results and trends and then we’ll cover the outlook for 2009. 
Stewart Glendinning : I’ll start with the fourth quarter financial highlights. Worldwide pro forma beer volume declined 4.2% from a year ago driven by industry weakness in each of our major markets. Our underlying pre-tax income decreased 23.1% to $136.3 million. As Peter mentioned, most of this decline was due to unfavorable foreign currency with the balance caused by a combination of weak industry volumes in key markets and continuing commodity inflation.  Foreign currency movements decreased this pre-tax profit by approximately $23 million in the fourth quarter driven by a 19% year-over-year depreciation of the Canadian Dollar and a 23% depreciation of the British Pound versus the US dollar. On the bottom line the underlying after tax income of $105.1 million or $0.57 per diluted share was 21% lower than the fourth quarter a year ago. It is important to note that our fourth quarter underlying earnings exclude some one-time expenses particularly related to MillerCoors and our Foster’s cash settled total return swap as well as a net special credit of $2.1 million. These adjustments to our US GAAP results are described in detail in the earnings release we distributed this morning. Also, unless otherwise indicated all financial results we share with you today will be in US dollars. In segment performance highlights starting with Canada, our business faced strong headwinds from unfavorable foreign currency, continued cost inflation, slowing industry volume and competitive price discounting in Quebec. These negative factors were partially offset by favorable net pricing as we implanted an additional price increase in most of Canada in the fourth quarter.  To provide more comparable results, as I discuss Canada performance I will provide year-over-year changes that exclude the reporting effects of discontinuing our Foster’s US contract earlier in the fourth quarter of 2007 and of setting up the Modelo Molson joint venture and the MillerCoors joint venture in 2008.  So, let’s review the highlights. Canada underlying pre-tax income was $99.8 million in the fourth quarter, 23% lower than a year ago. The weakening Canadian dollar reduced Canada segment underlying income by approximately $18 million in the quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, Canada underlying pre-tax income in local currency was 5% lower than a year ago.  Our Canada sales to retail or STRs for the fourth calendar quarter ended December 31st decreased .6% on a comparable basis versus a year ago as industry growth slowed in the fourth quarter. This reduction also reflects our decision not to fully participate in off premise price discounting in Quebec in the fourth quarter. Low single digit growth of Molson’s strategic brands which represent more than 85% of our Canada STRs was offset by lower sales of our non-supported brands. Strategic brand growth was fueled by double digit growth of Coors Light and continued strong growth by Carling and Creemore. Comparable partner import brand volumes increased at a low single digit rate. Molson Canadian volume declined at a mid single digit rate compared to the prior year. Total Canadian beer industry sales to retail grew and estimated .5% in the calendar fourth quarter. This represented a deceleration versus earlier in 2008 and was driven by poorer weather, a softening economy and an acceleration of Quebec industry volume to the third quarter ahead of a fourth quarter price increase. On a comparable basis, our estimated Canada market share decreased less than one half share point in the fourth quarter versus a year ago. Our Canada sales volume was 1.8 million barrels in the fourth quarter down 2.1% on a comparable basis versus prior year. Comparable net sales per barrel increased 3.5% in local currency driven by 1.6% of favorable net pricing led by front line pricing in Quebec and Ontario, partially offset by extensive discounting in Quebec. The balance of the NSR growth in the quarter was due to sales mix shift including increased sales volume in our higher cost partner import brands. Cost of goods sold per barrel in the fourth quarter increased 9.2% on a comparable basis in local currency.  This underlying cost of goods increase was due to the net effect of three factors: first, higher commodity packaging material and other input cost drove a 6% increase combined with a 1.5% increase due to higher fuel and distribution costs; two, these inflationary increases were partially offset by 2% of savings from our resources for growth cost initiative; and three, finally an increase of about 3.5% was due to the ongoing shift in sales mix, Canada cost of goods sold per barrel reported in US dollars benefited from approximately $6 million in gains from currency forwards which offer a partial hedge of our Canadian dollar currency exposure. Comparable marketing general and administrative expense in the quarter increased 1.3% in local currency driven by higher pension and other overhead expenses. Other income increased $4.5 million in the fourth quarter due to pre-tax gains from foreign currency hedges. In the US underlying US segment pre-tax income decreased 21.2% to $56.2 million in the fourth quarter. As a result of year-over-year timing differences in sales and marketing spending along with the impactive changes in accounting policies. Note that US segment results include our share of fourth quarter 2008 MillerCoors net income and various equity income adjustments which are then compared to the year earlier results reported by our legacy Coors business. Looking specifically at the total MillerCoors P&L in US GAAP which is compared to the prior year pro forma MillerCoors results, underlying net income for the fourth quarter increased 16.5% to $135.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2008. This earnings growth was driven primarily by strong pricing and cost management which more than offset increases in commodity costs and a reduction in shipment volume. MillerCoors increased net revenue and pricing drove strong underlying income for the fourth quarter. MillerCoors domestic net sales per barrel which excludes contract brewing and company owned distributor sales, increased 8% versus the prior year driven by strong front line pricing, reductions in discounting and favorable mix.  While our fourth quarter pricing actions fueled revenue growth, this in turn affected our overall volumes. During the period, MillerCoors sales to retailer declined 2.3% reflecting an overall industry slowdown and lower sales of Miller Light as well as softness in premium and above premium brands. Domestic sales to wholesalers dropped 4.3% driven largely by a reduction in distributor inventory levels and lower sales to retail.  Cost of goods sold per barrel increased by 5.2% as savings from performance initiatives, [inaudible], and resources for growth and synergies were more than offset by increasing commodity costs. Fourth quarter results were only minimally improved by significant recent commodity price reductions as materials were largely hedged through calendar year 2008 and 2009 prior to the reduction.  Without going in to our hedging strategy, I can say savings from the commodity price drop will not be significant through 2009. Marketing, general and administrative expenses increased by 6.1% to $514 million driven primarily by integration costs of $10 million and the higher spending on the launch of MGD 64, Coors Light Media and increased sales and tactical spending. Moving to our UK business in the fourth quarter, underlying income declined due to unfavorable foreign currency. Underlying pre-tax income in local currency was essentially unchanged due to strong pricing growth. The ramp up of our contract brewing arrangement and reduced marketing spending which offset the volume impact of a week industry, higher input cost inflation and higher pension and bad debt costs. Looking at fourth quarter highlights, underlying pre-tax income was $30.6 million was $23.6 million lower than a year ago. This is a direct result of a 23% decline in the British Pound versus the US dollar which reduced underlying pre-tax income by approximately $9 million. Our UK owned brand volume declined 9.4% year-on-year compared to a total industry decline of approximately 8.3% reflecting the impact of a weak economy in the UK.  We grew share in the on premise channel in the quarter but we loss share in the off premise as we took a tougher pricing stance with customers which is the right strategy for our bottom line. Comparable net sales per barrel of our owned products increased 10.4% in local currency, nearly two thirds driven by higher price in all channels as we implemented our second price rise of the year early in the fourth quarter. The balance of the revenue per barrel increase was the result of a one-time reduction in volume related payments to customers and positive sales mix partially the result in growth in draft Magners cider.  This represents the eight consecutive quarter of year-over-year pricing growth for our UK business. In the fourth quarter pricing grew ahead of input inflation resulting in improved gross margins. Comparable cost of goods sold per barrel sold of our owned products increased 6.8% in local currency in the fourth quarter primarily due to higher energy and materials cost inflation and higher pension expense partially offset by results of cost reduction initiatives.  Marketing, general and administrative expenses in the UK increased 5.25 in local currency. Marketing expense in the quarter decreased as we aligned spending with the trading environment. General and administrative expense increased due to higher bad debt charges and higher pension expense.  In the global markets in corporate segment, our corporate markets team continues to take a disciplined approach to building our brands in international markets such as China, Japan, Mexico and parts of Western Europe. This operating strategy is built around taking Coors Light and other high potential brands on a very selective basis to markets around the global generally with a strong local distribution partner. Our brands add value to the partners’ portfolio and we leverage their capability and resources. This helps to minimize our capital expenditure, allowing us to focus our investment on brand building rather than breweries and other infrastructure.  Looking at the fourth quarter results, global markets grew volume nearly 20% driven by Coors Light in China and Western Europe. MG&A totaled $33.5 million in the fourth including corporate general and administrative expense of $23.2 million which decreased $7.6 million from a year ago due to lower incentive compensation and project spending. Global markets MG&A was $10.3 million, virtually unchanged from a year ago.  Fourth quarter corporate net interest expense declined $7.6 million from a year ago with about $6.2 million of this reduction attributable to the depreciation of the Canadian Dollar versus the US dollar along with lower average debt balances in 2008. Corporate other expense of $20 million was driven by a $17.9 million loss related to the cash settled total return swap we arranged with respect to Foster’s common stock.  Foster’s stock price declined moderately during the fourth quarter so the value of the swap position had a negative cash settlement value of approximately $1.4 million at the end of 2008. The underlying loss for global markets in corporate was $50.3 million pre-tax in the fourth quarter, a 21% decrease as a result of lower corporate G&A and interest expense in 2008.  Now, highlights of our cost reduction initiatives. In the fourth quarter we captured an incremental $22 million of cost savings as part of our three year $250 million resources for growth or RFG cost reduction initiative. For the full year we achieved $87 million of savings which exceeded our 2008 goal by $10 million. These cost reductions included our 42% share of RFG cost savings initiatives that were assumed by MillerCoors in the back half of 2008. Our 42% share of these savings was $6 million in the second half. In addition to RFG savings, MillerCoors delivered $28 million of synergies in the back half of 2008 with nearly all of these achieved in the fourth quarter. Moving beyond operating business unit performance, our fourth quarter effective tax rate was 20% on a reported basis and 22% on an underlying basis. Free cash flow for the full year 2008 reflected net cash generation of $220 million which was made up of positive operating cash of $412 million plus $39 million of proceeds from asset sales minus capital spending of $231 million.  A number of one-time and discretionary cash usages reduced our 2008 free cash flow. These fall in to four groups. First, a portion of incremental cash needs related to MillerCoors totaled approximately $144 million during 2008. These cash uses included retention, deal completion, integration and restructuring costs along with additional capital spending to capture synergies. Second, MillerCoors also held incremental margin cash related to commodity hedges with our portion totaling $71 million which will come back in to our free cash flow during the next one to two years as the hedges roll off. Third, we made a $100 million voluntary contribution to our UK pension plan late in the year which I’ll discuss in a minute. Fourth, we paid approximately $22 million of one-time cash but debt extinguishment early in 2008. All of these one-time cash uses will increase our cash flows in the months and years ahead. If we exclude them, our 2008 underlying free cash flow was $557 million which is 1% above our original 2008 free cash flow goal of $550 million. We achieved this despite $21 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact on cash during 2008. Total owned debt at the end of the fourth quarter was $1.75 billion excluding approximately $82 million of non-owned joint venture debt. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $260 million at the end of the quarter resulting in owned net debt of $1.53 billion. Looking forward, we expect full year 2009 marketing, general and administrative expense in the corporate and global market segment of approximately $150 million plus or minus 5%. Our initial 2009 view of corporate interest expense is approximately $90 million at today’s foreign exchange rates. Note that this view includes the net effect of new accounting rules for convertible debt and the deconsolidation of BRI. Turning to our effective tax rate, we continue to anticipate that our underlying tax rates for full year 2009 will be in the range of 16% to 20% assuming no further changes in tax laws. Because of the anticipated closing or settling of tax years, this is about six percentage points below our long term range of 22% to 26%. Our capital spending outlook for 2009 is approximately $140 million. As usual, this guidance excludes MillerCoors and self funded capital spending by our consolidated joint ventures primarily the Beer Stores in Ontario. Now, I’ll give an important pension update which includes our preliminary view of expense and cash for 2009. As some of you know, we have recently implemented steps to reduce future liabilities, increase funding levels and lesson the volatility of asset returns for the majority of our traditional defined benefit pension plans. Since 2005 we’ve closed many of our qualified plans to either future benefit accruals or new participants in the US, Canada and the UK. Most recently, we reached agreement to close our largest defined benefit plan which is in the UK to new benefit accruals in the first half of this year. When we have closed plans we have migrated employees to defined contribution plans which reduces company risk and volatility. In 2008 we made cash contributions totaling approximately $230 million to our defined benefit plans for Canada, the UK global teams.  These included a voluntary contribution of $100 million late in the year to the UK plan. Timing of this substantial one-time contribution was driven by attractive foreign currency rates and asset values late in 2008. This contribution also gives us flexibility to determine our contributions to the UK plan during the next two to three years. Due to the substantial voluntary contributions we made in recent years, our initial forecast indicates a significant decrease in cash contributions this year versus last year potentially to less than $50 million for 2009. Note that this view excludes pension plans with MillerCoors and other non-consolidated joint ventures. We do expect MillerCoors to make cash contributions to its defined benefits pension plan in 2009 but the amount may not be determined until the second half of this year. Besides making extra contributions, we reallocated the assets supporting our qualified pensions in the second half of 2007 and early 2008 to reduce our equity exposure to less than half of the assets.  This strategic derisking substantially lessened the impact of the recent stock market crash on these plans. Because our pension liabilities and assets are primarily denominated in British Pounds and Canadian dollars, the recent weakening in those currencies has reduced the liabilities and had a favorable impact on the underfunded positions of our largest pension plans. As a result of these factors, our initial read on 2009 pension expense indicates no more than a minimal amount of defined benefit pension expense this year, likely to be less than $5 million for all of 2009. As always this view excludes MillerCoors and any one-time curtailment gains or losses which are not included in our underlying results. We will present more information regarding 2009 pension expense and contributions in our 2008 10K which will be filed later this month after our actuaries have completed their work as well as during our annual New York analyst meeting in early March. At this point, I’ll turn it back over to Peter for a look ahead to 2009.
Peter Swinburn : In 2009 we will continue to focus on building our strong brand as reducing costs in each of our businesses and generating cash. In Canada, as with other markets, we will balance the priorities of price and volume with a bias to investing in growing our brands.  Price discounting activity has continued, especially in the Quebec off premise channel. Recent price increases across the major Canadian provinces have offset some of the impact of competitive discounting. We will remain focused on balancing our strategic [inaudible] priorities and building the equity of our brands while ensuring that we continue to be price competitive on a market-by-market basis. Also, late in 2008 Blue Moon production was moved from a Montreal brewery to MillerCoors and we have taken action to reduce staffing levels and other costs to offset the negative financial impact of lower production levels. In the US, the MillerCoors integration is proceeding well. Talent selection was completed in the fourth quarter enabling the realization of significant organizational synergies. In addition, non-organizational savings have been realized due to progress in brewery optimization and opportunities to consolidate national media buying, regional distributor meetings and insurance. The US team is more confident than ever that they can deliver the $500 million annual synergies goal by the third year of combined operations.  We’re brand builders so we’re committed to improving the performance of Miller Light in 2009. Driving growth of both our premium light brands is critical to our success. Accordingly, later this month we will launch a new marketing campaign for Miller Light which will relentlessly celebrate the brand’s great taste.  We will also focus on maintained momentum for Coors Light and capturing new growth through the success of MGD 64 and we will continue to build on the momentum of our craft and import brands Blue Moon and Peroni while leveraging and messaging an equity of our below premium brands Keystone Light and Miller High Life to take advantage of any consumer shifts towards value. The power of the MillerCoors portfolio is starting to be realized.  In the UK we anticipate the challenging trading environment to continue in 2009 due to the weak local economy. Commodity inflation will also be a challenge in 2009. Nonetheless, we believe that our UK business is now on a much firmer footing as it benefits from our new contract brewing arrangement, the Magners cider’s agreement and recently supplier renegotiations. Moreover, our brand strength has consistently supported positive pricing and we recently announced a 2009 price increase which will be effective in March. The following are our most recent volume results for each of our businesses early in the first quarter. In Canada our comparable sales to retail in January declined at a mid single digit rate versus a year ago due to continued soft industry volume and tough comp comparisons compared to last year. In the five weeks of 2009 our UK sales to retail have decreased at a low double digit rate from a year ago mostly driven by high yearend inventories in the off premise channel. In the area of cost outlook I’ll start with our cost savings initiatives. Looking to 2009, the final year of the RFG program, we continued to be confident that we can achieve our three year resources for growth goal of $215 million. As we have emphasized previously, all RFG savings will be incremental to the $500 million of cost synergies to which MillerCoors is committed. Finally, for MillerCoors the timing to achieve the original goal of $50 million in synergies in the first 12 months of operations has accelerated and the US team now expects to realize $128 million of synergies by June 30, 2009. By the end of calendar year 2009 we expect to achieve a total of $238 million in synergies, surpassing our original forecast of $225 million. While the timing of synergy deliver has accelerated, our goal remains $500 million of annual cost synergies to be delivered by the third year of combined operations.  Looking at the cost outlook by business, in Canada we expect our comparable 2009 cost of goods per barrel in local currency to increase at a low single digit rate versus 2008 due to continued inflationary pressures partially offset by anticipated reductions in certain commodity and fuel inflationary rates in 2009 along with continued delivery of our RFG savings initiatives.  In the first quarter of 2009 we expect that we will discontinue our consolidation of Brewers Retail, Inc. or BRI which operates the Ontario Beer Stores. We will begin accounting for BRI results this year using the equity method because our interest in BRI has been reduced following the Labatt’s acquisition of Lakeport Brewing in Ontario. This change will decrease Canada pre-tax income and decrease corporate interest expense a similar amount yielding no significant impact on consolidated net income. In 2008 for example, our BRI pre-tax income of about $10 million US was offset by BRI interest expense in corporate. We also may record a one-time gain or loss related to deconsolidation of BRI due to new accounting rules this year requiring companies to apply fair value accounting to deconsolidations. As we change this accounting presentation, on a go forward basis we will exclude these impacts to arrive at a comparable business impact.  Our UK team is targeting substantial savings as part of the resources for growth program driven by supplier negotiations and operations efficiencies. In a challenging industry volume environment, our preliminary view for 2009 is that UK owned brand costs of goods will increase at a low double digit rate per barrel in local currency. This is driven by mid single digit inflation and product mix changes which are related to relative growth in contract brewing, Magners cider and off premise sales. Most of these mix changes will also increase net sales per barrel on a [inaudible] neutral to gross profit.  Finally, with regard to foreign currency impacts, if the Canadian Dollar and British Pound stay where they are today relative to the US dollar, we would face substantial currency translation challenges in the first three quarters of 2009. At current rates, Canadian Dollar devaluation would present a Canada pre-tax earnings headwind of approximately 15% to 20% of prior earnings in each of the first three quarters of 2009 with minimal impact in the fourth quarter.  It is important to note that we expect our debt structure and currency hedging programs to offset about 50% to 60% of this currency translation impact in 2009. British Pound devaluation would negatively impact our UK pre-tax earnings by about 25% to 30% in the second and third quarters of the year with a 10% impact in the fourth quarter. Our UK business generally reports a small loss in the first quarter so currency effects are minimized then. We have no significant currency hedges focused on the British Pound. To summarize our results and discussions today, 2008 posed many challenges for our company, particularly late in the year due to a stronger US dollar along with volume softness in our major markets and substantial commodity inflation across the business. Nonetheless, in 2008 we continue to build our strategic brands, achieved revenue per barrel growth in all of our markets, exceeded all of our cost reduction targets, successfully launched MillerCoors pursued strategic initiatives in each of our businesses, strengthen our global organization and grew underlying earnings in a weakening global economy.  During the year, we also reduced interest in overhead expenses, continue to improve our cash generating capabilities and strengthened our balance sheet. Looking forward, we enter 2009 squarely focused on the fundamentals that drive results in this business in good times or in bad. Our priorities are to build great beer brands and to grow revenue per barrel, deliver cost savings on or ahead of our commitments, generate substantial free cash and grow long term returns to Molson Coors shareholders.  We look forward to giving you a strategic update around these priorities during our annual analyst and investor meeting in New York on Wednesday, March 4th and we hope to see you there. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment, our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 2 pm Eastern Time today, our investor relation team led by Dave Dunnewald will host a follow up conference call, essentially a working session for analyst and investors and will cover additional questions regarding our quarterly results. There will also be available for you to hear via webcast and recorded replays on our website. So, at this point I’d like to open it up for questions if that’s okay with you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala – UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala – UBS: As it relates to some of the promotional activity in Canada do you feel that this is something that was just hot pricing on a particular product for a couple of months at a retailer or is this something that you feel might be more of a change in strategy from your competitor?
Stewart Glendinning : Kaumil, are you talking about Quebec now I presume?
Kaumil Gajrawala – UBS: Yes, Quebec.
Stewart Glendinning : No, this has been going on for – the discounting started just prior to the summer and it’s not on one or two products at this point so it’s been fairly broad. I would say that the industry has been through these before and the length of time that the discounting takes place varies from time period to time period but we have particularly in the fourth quarter we did slightly pull back from our discounting and we were unsuccessful in changing the market conditions. We will continue to do what is right for both our brand and the company.
Kaumil Gajrawala – UBS: As we think about the Montreal brewery moving Blue Moon out plus standing firm on pricing, the impact on volumes that might have, is there a need for maybe a broader cut in capacity in that region? 
Stewart Glendinning : What we did when we loss the Blue Moon volume was we made headcount changes there and actually we’ve been able to totally offset the cost that we would have incurred with losing that volume so we don’t foresee anything more at this point in time.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Kevin, I just wanted to follow up on Canada because it sounds like the industry volume has softened and the competitive environment is still pretty intense and I’m just not sure what really gets better as you kind of think about the 2009 and whether you’re looking at perhaps reinvesting a lot more of potential cost savings to reinvigorate volume in that market.
Kevin T. Boyce : It’s a bit of a tough call right now Judy. If you stand back and look at the industry in 2008, the industry actually grew 1.1%. So, over the last 10 years it’s grown 1% so that’s been very consistent. There was some softness in the fourth quarter where it grew about a half a point. That, we believe, was driven by a number of factors but there was a very difficult weather season right around the Christmas time period which would have hurt the industry at a very important time.  So, it’s a bit of a hard read there. As we go in to January, what we’re seeing is relative to a year ago as Peter mentioned, our shipments are down about mid single digits but if you look at last year as an industry and both our shipments as well, the anomaly is probably January, 2008. If you could back to January 2007 and 2006 the numbers in January this year are pretty consistent with those. We are paying very close attention to it obviously with the economy and everything. It would be very hard to say thought that the industry is soft as a result of the economy or any other factors right now, there are a lot of moving parts but it’s something that clearly we’re focused on. In terms of go forward and what we would do from a pricing perspective or promotion perspective, we think we have pretty solid plans in place and we took pricing through many of the markets in the fourth quarter of last year so we enter this year from a pricing perspective in pretty good shape I think.
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Then with the cost pressure easing in Canada in 2009 to low single digits, is there concern that actually the promotional environment gets even more competitive in that setting?
Kevin T. Boyce : There is that risk. What you’re going to see is I think – I can’t speak for competitors but for us you’re going to see that benefit taking place over the course of the year as certainly commodity pricings are coming down but they’re not going to come down all at once in say the first or second quarter type of thing. But, there is the risk, I would say if you look at the rest of the country the promotions have been much more tactical than broad scale and I would see that continuing as well. 
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: Then from MillerCoors’ perspective is there any way to quantify the potential pension contribution? In terms of may be not exactly giving us the number but sort of the size of potential contribution there and how we think about the free cash flow that slows up to the tap?
Gavin Hattersley : Judy, we are in the process of looking at that with our actuaries and the impact. We’ve got up until late in the third quarter to make the call on exactly how much we will need to put in to our plans.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Christine Farkas – Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Christine Farkas – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I wanted to get a little bit of color on the Foster stake, if there’s been any change there with respect to your view strategically on that potential down the road for one? Then secondly, with respect to free cash flow in ’09, you gave us a little bit of an outlook for cap ex at the company but I’m really trying to get some help in understanding the potential free cash flow available to Molson Coors post MillerCoors? And then, how you would look at deploying that or priorities for your free cash in ’09.
Peter Swinburn : Christine, I’ll take the first one on Fosters and then Stewart can pick up on the free cash flow. I think the short answer to your questions is no, there’s no real change. What we said last time about Fosters really still holds, the exposure we’re comfortable with given the size of our balance sheet. We’re interested in the market, we’re interested in the company, we see them as interesting and we want to keep our options open and that’s really where we are.
Stewart Glendinning : I’ll pick up on the cash flow, first of all we’re very pleased that we managed to hit the numbers for ’08. We have given you some guidance with respect to capital spending this year, you’re right and when we are at our analyst meeting in New York, we will share with you the details of our plans for ’09 and some of those priorities so you’ll have to wait a couple more weeks.
Christine Farkas – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Then if I could follow up on Canada, Kevin just looking at the economy getting a little bit softer there, can you talk a little bit about channel pressures and perhaps what you’ve seen in the past? Do you tend to see trade down from wine? Is there an opportunity here both in a product and a channel mix change?
Kevin T. Boyce : Obviously there’s been a series of announcements over the last few weeks with respect on unemployment and things which are of concern in the economy here. I would say in the short term you are seeing softness in the on premise channel. It’s a very hard short term read now to figure out whether or not we’re seeing a trade down from win to beer or within beer segments.  We’re paying very close attention to that but I’d say at a top level you are seeing some softness over the last months in the on premise channel and in total the industry looking a touch soft and I do say just a touch but it’s a really hard read because of all the issues with weather and it is a softer time of the year. If that were to happen and I was told anecdotally that back in the early 90s when it was a soft time that there was some trade down but we’re not seeing it in our numbers yet. Trade down, by that I mean from wine to beer.
Christine Farkas – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And would you expect to see a similar offset or uptick I would say in the take home channels given the slow softening now in on premise?
Kevin T. Boyce : Yes, that would be the belief. We haven’t built our plans on a massive trade down if you like from one segment to the other or from one category to the other. But, we are paying attention and we’ll adjust accordingly. But, we would expect that if there is a softness in on premise that people would continue to consume at home and have parties at home, etc.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Swartzberg – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
Mark Swartzberg – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Kevin, I was hoping we’d get a bit more granularity on how things are unfolding and how you expect they will unfold in the different regions of Canada along the two metrics of volume and profit. Obviously, Quebec has been challenging, it seems like Montreal and some other markets too are to an extent offsetting that but, can you give us a little bit more granularity, just kind of go around the country and tell us what you’re seeing and how you see it unfolding?
Kevin T. Boyce : Ontario which is our biggest market, and Ontario is a very heavy industry market in a sense of a big auto sector, etc. so there is some softening in the economy here. The market was under 1% growth last year which it’s very hard to judge year-to-year based on the market but we are getting pricing in the marketplace. Pricing was taken in the October time period, minimum price has moved up as well so there is some encouraging news there. Promotion wise, you’re not seeing an acceleration to be honest over the last three to four months, you’re seeing a relatively constant heavy amount but not what I would consider what’s happening in Quebec. In the Western part of the country again, pricing has been taken particularly Alberta has been reliant on the energy industry and so it will be interesting to see with a softening in commodity prices and things like that how our industry holds up.  Right now, because of the way we’ve taken pricing year-over-year from one market to the next, we’re having a bit of a hard read just in understanding how much of the changes in the industry are pricing, etc. But, that’s something we’ll be keeping a close eye on. The Atlantic which is about 7% of the market continues actually to be a fairly good performer and we enjoy very good share growth there. Again, from a discounting perspective nothing that’s tremendously out of the ordinary there. 
Mark Swartzberg – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: A question more specifically on Quebec, it seems like it doesn’t sound like you’re saying it got worse in the fourth quarter, are you saying it got worse? Then, what is to prevent it from getting worse from a pure share perspective if we except that you’re going to be disciplined on price, your competitors choosing to be more promotional, what risk does that bring that your share performance gets worse?
Kevin T. Boyce : I think we’d like to be disciplined but honestly it’s going to be to a point. We’re not prepared to not participate if all of our competitions are going to go that way. We’re the leader in Quebec and we think we’re doing the right thing by not partaking in the early part of the quarter bus realistically if the whole market wants to participate we’ll be there. When you look at the fourth quarter, I think the change from earlier quarters was probably a greater participation of discounting in the independent channel. The grocery channel was relatively consistent throughout the last nine months of the year as it went from just a grocery channel in to an independent channel and that we’ll play close attention to as we enter this year.
Mark Swartzberg – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: And it sounds like you’re not seeing any evidence of your main competitor changing their tactical approach to the market with the various retailers.
Kevin T. Boyce : Not yet. 
Operator:  Gentlemen I am showing no further questions. 
Peter Swinburn : Thank you everybody for joining us and showing your interest in Molson Coors. Great to have you on the line and we look forward to seeing all of you in New York in early March.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-05 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer Dave Dunnewald - Vice President Investor Relations Leah Ramsey - Manager of Global Investor Relations Mark Ingebritson - Senior Director of Global Accounting and Financial Reporting Scott King - Director of Strategic Finance Greg Snider - Group Manager of Global Forecasting and Analysis Mario Sisneros - Senior Analyst Global Forecasting Phil McFarland - Director of Tax Kara Row - Group Manger of Tax Bill Waters - Vice President and Global Controller
Analysts: Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch Orin Baranowsky - BMO Capital Markets Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Scott Paulson - Cornerstone Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities Harry Garcia - Palisades Investments Marian Montagne - Thrivent Asset Management Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Lucas Klein - Riversource Investments, LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2008 third quarter earnings conference call. At this time all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. If anyone should require assistance during the conference, please press star, then zero on your touch-tone telephone. Before we get started I want to paraphrase the company’s safe harbor language. Some of the discussion today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what the company projects today. Please refer to its most recent 10k, 10q and proxy filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. The company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Regarding any non-US GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call, please visit the company’s website www.molsoncoors.com for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest US GAAP results. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Peter Swinburn, President and Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Brewing Company. Sir, you may begin.
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks very much. Welcome to everybody and thanks very much for joining us today. With me on the call are Stewart Lindening, the Molson Coors’ CFO, Leo Kiley, CEO of Miller Coors, Gavin Hattersley, CFO of Miller Coors, Kevin Boyce, CEO of Molson Canada, Mark Hunter, CEO of Coors Brewers Limited, Sam Walker, Molson Coors’ Chief Legal Officer, Bill Waters, Molson Coors’ Comptroller, and Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors’ Vice President of Investor Relations. On the call today Stewart and I will take you through some highlights of our third quarter 2008 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company along with some perspective on the balance of the year. As part of this review we will share our first financial results for Miller Coors. Then we’ll open it up for questions. Before we discuss our specific financial performance, I want to share a few highlights related to our third quarter performance. First, with the current state of the global economy and financial markets Molson Coors is in an enviable position. We have a brand-led company with a solid track record of building great beer brands in all of our major markets. We are a solid cash-generating business with no significant debt maturing before 2010. Our balance sheet is strong after paying down substantial debt during the past several years. We have a track record of delivering cost savings on or ahead of our commitments. We are more than half way through our $250 million resource [unclear] growth initiative, and Miller Coors is off to a great start on its $500 million synergies program. Second, the Miller Coors integration is progressing well with the first-quarter of combined financial results coming in ahead of expectations and more than 28% growth in underlying earnings versus the pro forma results a year ago. Miller Coors announced today that it is accelerating its three-year synergy savings targets by six months versus the original commitment when the venture was announced more than a year ago. The third point I’d like to make is that our Canada business is performing well. Competitive price discounting in Quebec, along with continued steep commodity inflation, however, held back our Canada profit performance in the quarter. As always, we remain focused on long-term brand building, but in the short term we have had to take actions to protect our share. Fourth, the UK businesses grew market share and net sales [unclear] on the strength of our brands despite facing a daunting array of industry challenges. This team also successfully implemented an interim price increase at the end of September. Finally, during the third quarter we accumulated an approximate 5% economic exposure to Foster’s via a cash-settled totally tuned swap undertaken with Deutsche Bank as our swap counter-party. We recorded this swap in our financial statements for the third quarter, including a market-to-market gain of $13.6 million in our corporate other income. This is an interesting market that we’ve been studying for some time, and we view this as an attractive opportunity. Foster’s operates in a profitable market. The exposure was available to us at an attractive price, and it represents a prudent and appropriate level of exposure with low carrying costs and plenty of flexibility. At this point I’ll turn it over to Stewart to review the third quarter financial results and trends, and then we’ll cover the outlook for the fourth quarter of 2008.
Stewart Lindening - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Peter, and hello everyone. I’ll start with the third quarter financial highlights. Our underlying pre-tax income increased 4.4% driven by the strength of our brands and cost reductions. On the bottom line, underlying after-tax income of $175.8 million, or 95 cents per diluted share, was 1.5% higher than the third quarter a year ago. We will discuss our earnings performance today primarily in terms of underlying income, a common performance measure that excludes special and other one-time items from our US GAAP results. Also unless otherwise indicated, all financial results we share with you today will be in US dollars. It’s important to note that our third quarter underlying earnings excludes some one-time gains and expenses, particularly related to the formation of Miller Coors and the Foster’s swap position, as well as $24.8 million of net special charges. These adjustments to our US GAAP results are described in detail in the earnings release we distributed this morning. Foreign exchange movements decreased our total company pre-tax profit by approximately $3 million in the third quarter on an underlying basis driven by a 7% year-over-year depreciation of the British pound versus the US dollar. In segment performance highlights, starting with Canada, underlying pre-tax income of $151 million in the third quarter was 8.1% lower than a year ago. This profit decline was driven by three factors: first, increased cost inflation and price discounting this year, second, cycling the final House of Blues Canada equity allocation and Foster’s US contract earnings last year, and third, lower income from the Modello brands resulting from the new joint venture this year. To provide more comparable results as I discuss the Canada results, I’ll provide year-over-year changes that exclude the reporting effects of discontinuing our Foster’s US contract last year and of setting up the Modello Molson joint venture, and the impact of the Miller Coors joint venture this year. Let’s review the highlights. Our Canada sales to retail or STRs for the third calendar quarter ended September 30th increased 3.7% on a comparable basis versus a year ago, driven by strong industry performance and high single-digit growth of Molson’s strategic brands which represent more than 85% of our Canada STRs. Strategic brand growth was fueled by double-digit growth of Coors Light, and Carling, in comparable partner import brand growth at a high single-digit rate. Molson Canadian experienced a mid-single-digit volume decrease compared to the prior year. Total Canadian beer industry sales to retail grew an estimated 3.1% in the calendar third quarter. On a comparable basis our third quarter Canada estimated market share increased approximately ¼ of a share point versus a year ago. Our Canada sales volume was 2.1 million barrels in the third quarter, an increase of 2.6% on a comparable basis versus the prior year. Comparable net sales per barrel increased slightly in local currency, as a result of favorable sales mix of our products, including sales increases of our higher revenue per barrel partner import brands. Pricing per barrel declined approximately 1% in the third quarter, as we faced significant pricing pressure in Quebec and, to a lesser degree, in Ontario. Cost of goods sold per barrel in the third quarter increased nearly 7% on a comparable basis in local currency. This underlying cost-of-goods increase was due to the net effect of three factors: one, higher commodity packaging material and other input costs drove a 5% increase combined with a 2% increase due to higher fuel costs in incremental freight to supply Western markets while we upgrade our Vancouver brewery. Second, these inflationary increases were partially offset by 2.5% of savings from our Resources for Growth cost initiative, and Third, finally, an increase of slightly more than 2% due to the ongoing shift in sales mix, including increased sales by a higher cost partner import brands. Comparable marketing general and administrative expenses in the quarter have decreased approximately 1% in local currency, driven by lower amortization and administrative expenses. Other income decreased 2.6 million in the third quarter, driven by cycling the prior year, final income, from the House of Blues, Canada business, which was sold in 2007. In the US, underlying US segment pre-taxing income increased 13.7% to 92.1 million in the third quarter, driven by strong underlying growth by Miliquiz vs. a year ago. Note that this US segment result includes our share of the Miliquiz net-income and various adjustments for the equity income calculation. Looking specifically at the Miliquiz PNL in US GAAP, underlying that income for the quarter, increased 28.2% to 190.8 million from the prior year performa results. This earning’s growth was mainly due to strong pricing and reductions in marketing and overhead expenses, which more than offset the impact of commodity inflammation and lower shipment volume. During a quarter, Miliquiz rose by .7% after adjusting for the extra trading day in the period, plus 2.3% on an unadjusted basis. Due to continued growth from 7 of its 12 largest friends, including, Quizlife, Bluemoon, KeySunlight, Milihighlight and Quizbanquet. Miliquiz’s shipments to wholesales declined by .5% due to reductions and distributed inventory levels in the third quarter. FDR’s for the company’s flag-ship premium light brands, were up 1.4% vs. the prior year. Quizlife’s STO’s increased vs. the prior year. Quizlife’s STO’s increased an impressive 6.8% due to gains in both distribution and velocity while Mililight’s STO’s decreased 3.6%. Miliquiz’s total net sales increased by 2.1 to 1.95 billion vs. the prior period. Excluding contract growing, net sales were up to 2.3% to 1.82 billion. Pricing remains strong as total company net sales per barrel increased 3%. Miliquiz’s revenue growth outlook for the balance of the year is expected to remain strong as the company implemented selective price increases on the majority of its beer volume in September and October this year. Net sales was virtually unchanged due to strong growth by the company’s premium life craft and import brands, largely upset by cycling significant Milichill launch ramp-up volumes in the prior year. Costs for barrel increased by 5.6% as reductions related to legacy Coors and Milisavings initiatives called resources for growth in the project unicorn, were more than upset by increase commodity and fuel costs. Marketing general and administrative expense decreased 9.1% reflecting favorability, due to the non-recurrence of prior-year Millichill launch costs, which were partially upset by MGD-64 launch costs this year, as well as a reduction in share-based compensation expenses. Finally, depreciation and amortization expense for MilliCoors in the third quarter was approximately 70 million. In addition to properties and intangible assets totaled 67 million. Moving to our UK business, third quarter underlined pretax income of 30.7 million with 4.9 million on 19% higher than a year ago. This increase is driven by the benefit of supply of contract negotiations this year, and a 4.8 million reduction in pension expense as we cycle the one time 9.5 million increase in pension expense last year. Third quarter operating results also benefited from the company’s 7th consecutive quarter of year over year pricing growth, the introduction of draft magnum cider continuing cost reductions and profits from our new contract brewing arrangement. Challenges in the quarter includes, lower sales volume and high commodity and energy costs. Finally, a 7% decline in the value of the British pound vs. the US dollar reduced underlying pretaxing combined approximately $3 million. We gained market share in the quarter, as our UK own brand volume decreased 3.1% year on year vs. a total industry decline of more than 7% due to poor summer weather, continuing effects from smoking bounds and a weakening economy in the UK. Calling the largest UK beer brand, declined a low single-digit rate and gained share in the third quarter. Comparable net sales per barrel of our own products increased 2.5% in local currency, about 2/3 due to higher pricing in both the on-premise and off-premise channels and 1/3 driven by positive brand mixing, including growth and drop draught magnum. Comparable costs of good salt per barrel of our own products increased 7.7% in local currency in the third quarter, due primarily to higher energy and materials costs-inflation. Compatible costs exclude costs exclude, a $6 million benefit from changes to supplier contracts related to the first half of 2008, as well as the benefit of cycling one-time pension expense in 2007. Marketing general and administrative expense in the UK, decreased 5.1% in local currency, general and administrative expense decreased due to a combination of actions to drive down the cost base and cycling the one-time pension expense due to a combination of actions to drive down the cost base, and cycling the one-time pension expense last year. Marketing expense in the quarter decreased as management took action to reduce spending line with the trading environment. In global markets incorporate, excluding the reporting effect of changing our Mexico business to a license arrangement this year, global markets grew volume nearly 18% MGNA total 31.9 million in the third quarter including corporate general and administrative expense of 20.5 million which decreased to 5.7 million from a year ago, due to lower incentive compensation and project spending. Corporate net interest expense declined to 2.7 million from a year ago, because of the benefit of debt-restruction completed last year, along with lower debt balances this year. The underlying loss for global markets incorporate was 49.7 million pretaxed in the third quarter, and 11.9% decrease as a result of lower corporate GNA and interest expense this year. Moving beyond the operating business unit performance our third quarter effective tax rate was 25% on a reported basis and 21% on an underlying basis. Free cash flow year today through the third quarter reflected a net cash generation of 255 million which was made up of positive operating cash of 396 million plus 36 million of proceeds from asset sales minus capital spending of 177 million. This free cash flow result represents a $220 million improvement this year due to both lower capital spending and higher operating cash flow vs. the third quarter of 2007. Total loan debt at the end of the third quarter was 1.9 billion, excluding approximately 95 million of non-owned joined venture debt. Cash in cash equipments totaled 335 million. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $335 million at the end of the quarter, resulting in earned net debt of $1.57 billion. Looking forward, we continue to expect full year 2008 corporate general and administrative expense of approximately $110 million plus or minus 5%. Incorporating an interest, we now anticipate at 2008 expense of approximately $95 to $100 million at today’s foreign exchange rates. Turning to our effective rate, we continue to anticipate that our underlying tax rates for full year 2008 and fourth quarter will be in the range of 20-24%, assuming no further changes in tax laws. We also expect our 2009 effective rate to be below our long-term range of 22-26% by about 6 percentage points because of the anticipated closing or settling of tax years. Our capital spending outlook for 2008 is approximately $220 million, excluding the US in the second half of this year. As usual, this guidance excludes cell phone expenditure consolidated by our consolidated joint ventures, primarily the beer stores in Ontario. Turning to our free cash flow outlook, we anticipate that incremental cash needs in 2008, related to Miller Coors will total approximately $150 million. These cash uses include retention, deal completion, integration, and restructuring costs along with additional capital spending to capture synergies. In addition, Mulson Coors paid approximately $22 million dollars of one-time cash use for debt extinguishment early in the year. Including these factors, we now anticipate that our 2008 free cash flow will be approximately $375 million, plus or minus 5%. If we exclude the one-time cash uses that I describe, we are on-track for our original estimate. Including these factors, we now anticipate that our 2008 free cash flow will be approximately $375 million, plus or minus 5%. If we exclude the one-time cash uses that I describe, we are on-track for our original 2008 goal of $550 million of free cash flow for the year. Now, highlights of our cost reduction initiatives. In the third quarter we captured an incremental $19 million of costs savings as part of our three-year, $250 million dollar resource for growth or RFG growth reduction initiative. We are on target to achieve our 2008 goal of $77 million of additional costs savings. Looking to 2009, Miller Coors will absorb some of the RFG cost savings initiatives, along with some pre-existing Miller cost-savings initiatives. And I’m pleased to report that our 42% share of these savings, which are on top of the $500 million committed to Miller’s costs synergies, will allow us to deliver on the costs commitments which we have made. As Peter highlighted for you earlier, Miller Coors also plans to deliver its costs synergies six months earlier than anticipated, with a three-year delivery period commencing July 1st, 2008. At this point, I’ll turn it back over to Peter for a look ahead to the balance of 2008. Peter?
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks. In 2008, we remain focused on building strong brands, reducing costs to meet our businesses, and generating cash. In Canada, as with our other global markets, we have a consistent track record and advise in and grow our brands. Recent price increases across the Canadian provinces were expected to offset some of the price discounting activity we have been experiencing. Across all of our markets, we will remain competitive, while growing our strategic brands over the long term, and we are well-positioned across all brand segments, with at least one strategic brand achieving double digit growth in each category. In the US, Miller Coors began its brewing optimization project to shift volume and brew both Miller and Coors products round its expanded network of eight major breweries. The projects will be phased in over the next 18 months. In the US, Miller Coors began its brewing optimization project to shift volume and brew both Miller and Coors products round its expanded network of eight major breweries. The projects will be phased in over the next 18 months. These moves will reduce shipping distances and deliver products to market quicker which will generate substantial savings. The company continues to integrate its information systems to enable robust data sharing and analysis within the commercial enterprising to further improve efficiencies. The Miller Coors’ employee selection process is nearly in completion and the full sales organization selection process will be complete by November. Finally, the demand creation team is engaged in a complete review of the brand portfolio. With a goal of sharpening the positioning and focus behind every major US brand, with the first results due with the Miller Coors distributer convention in March. In the UK, we anticipate a challenging trading environment to continue in the balance of the EURO due to the weakening UK economy. We do however; expect our UK business to continue to benefit from the Magnus-Cider agreement, recent supplier renegotiations and our contract brewing arrangement. Moreover, we are committed to the pricing growth to at least cover the substantial cost of inflation we are seeing. Consequently, we implemented an additional price increase earlier this fall. Our following are the most recent volume results for each of our businesses early in the third quarter. In Canada, our comparable sales to retails in October were virtually unchanged versus a year ago. In the first five weeks of the fourth quarter, our UK sales to retail have decreased at a low double digit rate, driven by the retail load in ahead of our late September price increase. Excluding the effect of this inventory load, our FTRs in the first five weeks decreased at a mid-single digit rate from a year ago. Regarding cost reductions, we are on track to meet or exceed our goals in 2008. Looking at the cost outlook by business, in Canada, we anticipate that our reported cost of goods per barrel in local currency will increase at a mid-single digit rate on both a reported and a comparable basis for full year 2008. Comparable 2008 costs of goods in Canada, excludes the impact of the new Modelar Molson joint venture accounting, the loss of the Foster’s US contract, an $8 million full year benefit of cycling between 2007 foreign currency adjustments and the impact of export sales to Miller Coors. Our UK team is targeting substantial sales savings as part of the resources for growth program driven by head-count reductions, supplier negotiations, and improvements in supply chain efficiencies. We are also reviewing opportunities to further reduce overhead costs. We continue to expect full year 2008 UK cost of goods per barrel to increase at a mid-single digit rate in local currency. To summarize our results in discussion today, we are really pleased with the overall position and direction of Molson Coors, especially in the current economic and global environment. Our businesses are performing well within the context of their market challenges. In particular, Molson Coors is off to a great start toward becoming an even stronger and more competitive business in the US. Clearly, we are hopeful that recent moderation and key global commodity prices is sustainable, a change that over time could help to offset the recent and favorable impact of foreign exchange movements. Regardless of the volatility of the global and financial markets and commodities, the fundamental of our business remains strong, and we are very excited about the future of Molson Coors Brewing and Co. Now, before we start the Q and A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our preparatory remarks will be on our Web site for your reference in a couple of hours this afternoon. Also at 3 p.m. Eastern Time today, our Investor Relation Team, lead by Dave Dunnewald, will host a follow up conference call, essentially a working session for analysts and investors who have additional questions regarding our quarterly results. That will also be available for you to hear by webcast and recorded replay on our Web site. So at this point, Matt, we’d like to open it up for questions, please.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you’d like to ask a question at this time, please press the one key on your touchtone telephone. If your question has been answered or you wish to remove yourself from the queue, please press the pound key. Our first question comes from Camille Gaduaralla from UBS.
Camille Gaduaralla - UBS:: Hi, thank you. Could you give us a little more detail on the Vancouver Brewery, how your progress is, and when you expect it to be 100% up and running. Then, what type of savings can we see coming out of that?
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: It’s up and running now. We’re running the line in and the line is fully installed, and the savings are primarily going to be in the area - in the short term, at least - of reduced transportation from our Toronto Brewery. So you should begin seeing that very soon.
Camille Gaduaralla - UBS:: So you’ve got about a 2% minimal cost in the third quarter, but that’s something that we probably shouldn’t worry about right?
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: Two percent. You may see a little bit of it in the fourth quarter, and not all of that is directly attributable to Vancouver, because obviously fuel has gone up, but you will see some reduction, yes.
Camille Gaduaralla - UBS:: OK, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Judy Hong with Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Kevin, I’m hoping to get a bit more color in terms of your cost profit performance in Canada in the quarter. If you can quantify how much of the decline was really won off the items versus the heightened level of discounting that you’ve mentioned? And can you just talk about what’s really driving the higher discounting activity in the third quarter and it sounds like you talked about the fourth quarter trends being a bit of a moderation from a discounting activity perspective. So if you could just go through that in more details I’d appreciate it.
Kevin Boyce, CEO of Molson Canada: OK, Judy, let’s start with one-time versus ongoing. The numbers that we’ve quoted are all our ongoing business. We’ve eliminated the one-time. So then if you focus in on the various markets, I’d say in the short term there have been price increases in both Quebec, Ontario and Alberta as well, earlier in September. That will begin - we’re seeing in Ontario not just the price increase of the premium brands, but we have seen over the last six weeks movement up on the products that are the value brands, which is encouraging. And that continues today. So we’re very encouraged by that. I’d say Quebec - although pricing has been taken certainly to date in this quarter - it remains pretty competitive in that market, and if you go back in time this is really - it happens from time to time in our market place where certain markets get overheated and it usually works its way through in a period of time, but this summer was, starting in the second quarter but really into the summer was a particularly aggressive time amongst all competitors in the marketplace.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Just to clarify, Kevin, you sensed that none of the items were one-time, but some of the items that impacted last year were like the House of Blues equity earnings and the Foster’s earnings being included in the last year’s. How much of that really rules the 8% decline in the Canadian profit in the quarter?
Kevin Boyce, CEO of Molson Canada: Sorry, I was really referring to the cost inflation and the discounting. There were a couple of items but they were - without giving you the specifics - they were fairly minor in the overall scheme of things. The major items were the price discounting and the inflation.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: OK, and then Peter, The 5% equity exposure that you have on Foster’s: how should we think about that from your cash use perspective going forward? I think a lot of people have been waiting for your free cash flow to be returned to share holders in the form of either buy-back or higher dividends, then whether this move signals your intent to be a bit more inquisitive and taking an equity stake in some of the breweries around the world. How should we think about that going forward?
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Judy. The two issues aren’t really related. We’ve used a pretty efficient vehicle in terms of actually going to our 5%. We’re not using cash in regards to our prudent sort of exposure, which is pretty limited. We just think the 5% represents a sensible position given our covenant to our banner sheet. In regards to how we use our cash in terms of buying back shares: the reality is, as you well know at the moment, getting cash in the market place is extremely difficult anyway. So we don’t think at the moment it would be prudent to use our cash to actually buy back shares. But the two issues I wouldn’t relate.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: OK, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christine Farkas of Merrill Lynch.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. A couple of follow ups if I could. Kevin, first on Canada, you talked about early fourth quarter STRs being unchanged, so that’s a deceleration. Do you think that’s on the back of stronger pricing in Ontario and perhaps Quebec, or are you seeing maybe some trade down impact, either away from or towards other categories? What are you seeing there in the early part of the quarter?
Kevin Boyce - CEO of Molson Canada: I’d say from an industry perspective, the 3.1 was a pretty heated industry and reflected a couple things. It reflected in Quebec a bit of an inventory build, to be honest, and it also reflected early in the quarter. You may recall last quarter I spoke about the timing of the Canada Day holiday, so adjusting for that I think it’s really the third quarter that’s a little bit inflated rather than the fourth quarter. I characterize October as okay, not bad, not great, but in an industry where historically we’ve been at about 1% growth, flat for us is probably a pretty good performance given all the circumstances in the marketplace right now.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Did you give us an indication of how much currency impacted the Canadian results this quarter?
Kevin Boyce - CEO of Molson Canada: No, we didn’t, but it was virtually negligible.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Looking at the segment of the US or other, there was about 98,000 barrels sold under US title. Is that a timing issue? Is that Puerto Rico? What is that number, and are we going to see something like that going forward?
Kevin Boyce - CEO of Molson Canada: Is that question directed at me, Christine?
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: No, Kevin, just in general on your statements or on the Molson Coors statement. I realize that the US numbers are pulled through the equity income, but there is now a small segment of other - what is that number?
Kevin Boyce - CEO of Molson Canada: Well, we had one day of earnings prior to the commencement of the JV. The JV essentially commenced one day into this quarter, so that $4 million represents the profit for that particular day.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay. You didn’t talk about early fourth quarter STRs for the US business. Is that something you can cover on this call?
Leo Kiley - CEO of Miller Coors: This is Leo. There’s a lot of noise in our October numbers. We do have October numbers there that were up marginally on sales to retail, but it really has more to do with pricing and buy-ins ahead of pricing market-to-market. I think the trend changed and, as you know, one month doesn’t make a quarter.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: No, it doesn’t. Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Swartzberg from Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Kevin, I have a couple of questions relating to Canada. I’m trying to put the picture together, looking out beyond the next quarter. You’re seeing cross margins start to decline. You’re saying that pricing is picking up but the volume leverage is slowing down a bit, so is there any reason not to think gross margin will continue to be down year-on-year over the next few quarters given the relationship between price and the cost pressures? That’s a local currency question. Then I have another question when we bring that back into US dollars.
Kevin Boyce - CEO of Molson Canada: There are a number of things you’ve referred to. First, I think when you reflect on the third quarter it’s been a really strong volume quarter with some cost inflation issues. As you look at commodity prices there was a lag as commodity prices went up, and there will be a lag as commodity prices are coming down. There are a number of other factors in there. We’re very hopeful that this trend will continue and that we’ll benefit from that. That’s the first comment. I think in the very short term the question about volume and things is reflected in the first month of this quarter. As I said to Christine, there is some loading in Quebec on the price increase that I mentioned. That will work its way through, so I wouldn’t assume it’s necessarily going to be a flat quarter. We’re hopeful that it will be what it’s historically been at about 1%. Going forward, cogs in local currency will be our challenge in order to get to flat, but there’s some work ahead of us in order to be able to deliver on that. It’s a challenge we are taking on.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Is that something you think you can achieve? You say it’s a challenge, but is that something you’re targeting in 2009 or is it going to take longer than that?
Kevin Boyce - CEO of Molson Canada: Some of it will depend on what’s going to happen in commodities, to be honest, because in the past, if you just look in this quarter 7% would be very hard to offset. It depends on how much that moderates.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, There is obviously an issue with the way the Canadian dollar has performed over the last month or so. I have two questions in that regard. If we assume, for illustration purposes, that your currency neutral profits are flat next year, operating income flat, what is structurally there? Let’s say for illustration the Canadian dollar is down 15% year-on-year versus the US dollar next year on average, what is structurally in place to cause that scenario to not produce a 15% US dollar profit decline? Have you done anything hedgewise that might add to any structural protections you have? That’s a translation to US dollar profit question. I’m going to turn that over to Stewart, if that’s okay with you.
Stewart Lindening - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, let me address this. As we’ve covered in previous quarters, we really don’t get into the details or the specifics of our hedging. I can point, however, to the fact that there is an important moderating factor which is the fact that we have a substantial amount of our long-term debt denominated in Canadian dollars. That presents a natural hedge for us.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: That’s nice, but is there anything on top of that? Relative to the size of the operating income the interest expense is relatively small.
Stewart Lindening - Chief Financial Officer: I can’t really give you guys any more details than that. I’m sorry.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Banc of America.
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America: Good morning. Peter, I just wanted to get back on Judy’s question relative to the Foster’s swap. If I understand the logic behind buying the instrument, it’s basically making an assumption that the Foster’s stock price is going to go up, so the question is why would Molson Coors be making that assumption? What other step is there that might be involved strategically beyond just taking a flier on the Foster’s shares?
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: There are two points that are really important. Why have we got this? I think that’s pretty straightforward as far as we’re concerned. The Australian market has been interesting to us. We’ve studied it for quite awhile. Foster’s is interesting. We had the opportunity to get into an economic exposure at an entry price that, to us, was very attractive. We didn’t want to put the business in a position where we had an over-exposure. We haven’t done that. What we’ve done, I think, is pretty prudent and sensible within that context. That’s the background.
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America: So it’s fair to think that there is a strategic reason to do this.
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I don’t want to misrepresent the Foster’s management, but I think they said that they were in a very fluid situation. We’ll continue to review our position, and whatever we do we’ll do in the best interest of our shareholders. I would caution that we could take the view that we could stay where we are, we could move forward, or we might move backward and out. Whatever we do will be in the best interest of our shareholders.
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America: Okay. Just to be clear, right now there’s been no cash outlay for this swap?
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: I’ll pass it over to Stewart.
Stewart Lindening - Chief Financial Officer: The economic exposures via the swap don’t require any up-front cash. Obviously, the gain and loss moves up in direct relation to the stock. One of the benefits of that, apart from not having a lot of cash out the door, is the fact that we don’t have a big Australian denominated investment that would be subjected to movements in the Australian currency rates.
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America: Stewart, just to follow up on Mark’s question on foreign exchange. In the seat that we’re in the best we can do without knowing whether you’ve done anything to hedge the translation is to just simply do the arithmetic on currency translation against whatever we’re forecasting for currency-neutral profits in the UK and Canada, offsetting it with the natural hedge you have on the interest. If you were doing the arithmetic sitting in our seats, is there something else you would do differently?
Stewart Lindening - Chief Financial Officer: I can’t say that I would direct you to do things differently. I can tell you that we’re not really in a position to discuss the specific hedging strategy that we’ve undertaken. You will have to do the calculations as you would normally.
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America: Okay, great.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carlos Levoy from Credit Suisse
Carlos Levoy - Credit Suisse: Good morning, everyone. I want to very quickly follow up on those questions on Foster’s. Do you foresee having any role, either in the Board of Directors at Foster’s or any operational link-ups beyond what you already have with the brand?
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we don’t see that presently, Carlos. We have the economic exposure that we’ve announced today, and we’ll just continue to review what happens with Foster’s strategically. And we continue to review what happens with the Foster’s strategic review and what their management does.
Carlos Levoy - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Again, if you have a question please press the one key at this time. Our next question comes from Todd Duvak from Bank of America.
Todd Duvak - Bank of America: Yes, good afternoon. Had a question for you on I guess your category exposure. Obviously you’re focused on the beer category. Are you interested in getting into other spirits categories or alcoholic beverages categories, like wine, like Foster’s also has?
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: That’s not in our strategic game plan, Todd, no.
Todd Duvak - Bank of America: And then, just kind of following up on that: stepping back in terms of acquisition policy in general, if you were to make an acquisition of another company, how would you look to finance that and how would your credit rating play into how you would plan to finance it, in terms of: would you look to maintain an investment grade rating? How does that factor into your thinking?
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: That obviously depends on what sort of business we were talking about. But we’re in a very comfortable position at the moment. We’ve got a strong balance sheet, we’re throwing off cash, and anything that we do anywhere will have to be short term agreed to. It will be prudent and it will be in the best interest of our share holders.
Todd Duvak - Bank of America: And I guess just to follow up on that. Your leverage and your balance sheet, as you mentioned, are in a very strong position right now. Could you envision a situation in which you would do something similar to what Conor Riccard did, and forego your investment credit rating for a strategic acquisition?
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: Again, that’s just pure speculation. I can’t get into that at all, Todd, I’m afraid.
Todd Duvak - Bank of America: OK, not a problem.
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: OK, cheers, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Again if you have a question please press the one key at this time. We have a follow up from Christine Farkas.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thanks so much. I just want to clarify based on your earlier statements about not pursuing a share buy-back at this time. Is that strictly based on the challenges of the current market and accessing capital, or is it because you might think you’d rather keep these dollars earmarked for other strategic initiatives? I mean it was always part of your plan to really study that return in the form of a buy-back, so I’m curious what’s changed.
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: Not at all, Christine. As you know, we’re building cash. We don’t have a huge amount of cash yet, but we’re in the process of continuing to build cash. And we’ll have a number of options in terms of how we use that cash. So it continues to be one of the options that on the table. It’s not the only one, but it’s on the table. We haven’t taken it off the table. Does that answer the question?
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: That’s a little more clear, thanks a lot.
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: OK, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Mark Swartzberg.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:: Thanks again. Question about the JV Mechanics. If I’m reading the numbers from the press release correctly, the amount of cash that was funneled back up to you at TAP was about $59 million versus equity income of $106.5 million. Is there anything unusual about this particular period, any reason we shouldn’t be thinking that from quarter to quarter at least typically you’re going to be getting all the cash flow back to you? I guess part of the answer has to do with CapEx that occurs there at the JV. But how are you thinking about the relationship between what you get back and what the JV actually generates?
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks for that question, Mark. It’s a complicated question only because obviously the JV is going through a period of trying to drive those synergies. We’re been pretty clear that to achieve the $500 million in synergies they’re going to have to spend about $450 million. That doesn’t come in any sort of erasable way. I can tell you from a shareholder, as a shareholder of the JV, we are in a place where we are looking to get the cash from our joint venture as rapidly as possible. We do have a process that we go through each month, which looks to minimize any cash that’s actually held at the JV. So to the extent that we don’t get cash it’s because we’re putting the cash to good use in the joint venture itself to drive those synergies.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:: Is there anything contractual there that obliges them or is it all based on mutual concern?
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I do think we have a fairly clearly laid out set of contracts that explain what the mechanics will be around the cash transfer.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Bryan Spillane.
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Thanks. Stuart, just a follow-up on pensions. So this balance sheet for the quarter shows that the pension liability down to $400 million versus 677. I’m assuming that’s the transfer of the US pension plan to the Miller Coors JV?
Stewart Lindening - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, that’s correct. You’ll see a lot of obviously big movements in the balance sheet that all relate to stripping that out of our balance sheet and putting it essentially in one line as an investment in the JV.
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities: And then as we’re looking at pension expenses and pension funding going forward: given the return in the markets, can you just give us some thinking of how we should start thinking about funding status for pensions going forward? And also how pension expense may be affected by that?
Stewart Lindening - Chief Financial Officer: Sure. Let me give you a couple pieces. I mean, it’s hard to give a very precise answer here, because obviously with the current equity performance levels expense and expense will likely be higher next year. It’s very difficult to say precisely what number that will be, and I just can tell you from previous years this stuff moves around a lot, obviously while equity may be down, discount rate is up, and it’s very difficult for me to give you any guidance around that. And my best advice is to wait until year end. As it relates specifically to cash requirements of the pension plans, those are driven mostly by various regulatory bodies. In the case certainly of Canada and UK that’s a bit of a triennial valuation. And depending on where that falls, that may or may not drive increased contributions. And I’d say the last thing, which is a moderating factor for us is that the last couple of years we have been gong through a process of trying to de-risk those pension plans by shifting assets from equity-based instruments into fixed income instruments. So mix all that together and you’ll have to wait really until the end of the year to get a better picture of what that will look like. Bryan, the thing I would add is the de-risking that we did was before the recent sharp declines in the equity markets.
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities: So higher proportionate fixed income before the equity markets went down?
Stewart Lindening - Chief Financial Officer: That’s right. If you look at our year-end 10K you’ll see that all of our major plans - call them defined benefit plans - were in the range of half-equities, which was a substantial reduction from before we did the de-risking.
Bryan Spillane - Banc of America Securities: OK, thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Again, if you have a question please press the one key at this time. Gentlemen, I’m showing no further questions.
Stewart Lindening - Chief Financial Officer: OK, thanks, Matt. Thank you, everybody for joining us, and thank you for your interest in Molson Coors Brewing Company. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s call. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-05 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Peter Swinburn - Chief Executive Officer  Stewart Glendinning - Global Chief Financial Officer Mark Hunter - President and Chief Executive Officer - Coors Brewers Limited Kevin T. Boyce - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada
Analysts: Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus Analyst for Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2008 second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Peter Swinburn, President and Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Brewing Company. Sir, you may begin. 
Peter Swinburn:  Thanks, Matt. Hello and welcome to everybody. Thanks for joining us today. With me on the call are: Kevin Boyce, CEO of Molson Canada; Mark Hunter, CEO of Coors Brewers Limited; Sam Walker, our global Chief Legal Officer; and Dave Dunnewald, Vice President of Investor Relations.  I also want to introduce two new leaders on our global finance team who are on the call with us today. First, Stewart Glendinning is our new Molson Coors' CFO. Stewart comes to the global team from his role as CFO of our U.K. business. Prior to that, Stewart held leadership roles in global audit and finance consulting firms.  Secondly, Bill Watters joined the global team as Controller in June, moving over from his role as CFO of our U.S. business. Bill has more than 15 years of finance and accounting experience with our company in the U.S. and overseas.  On the call today, Stewart and I will take you through some highlights of our second quarter 2008 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective on the balance of the year. Then we will open it up for questions.  So let’s get started -- with the creation of Molson Coors, we accomplished the most significant business combination in the history of U.S. beer. This new venture fundamentally changes the game in the U.S. beer industry by creating a stronger and more competitive company with the talent, brands, and scale to win in this critical market.  Molson Coors is bringing new energy to the beer industry and will drive additional profitable growth for Molson Coors Brewing Company. This in turn provides important new financial resources for us to continue building our brands in our core markets and around the world.  Turning to financial performance in the second quarter, we benefited from another exceptional quarter by our U.S. business, which achieved gains in sales volume and pricing and double-digit underlying earnings growth. Maintaining this strong momentum is particularly exciting as we launch Molson Coors.  On a company-wide basis, our top brands continued to outperform the industry in the second quarter and we achieved net pricing gains and substantial cost savings in each of our core markets. At the same time, however, energy costs and commodity inflation have become bigger challenges for our company and for the global beer industry. This cost inflation, combined with a higher tax rate, drove lower underlying earnings for our total company in the second quarter.  In the face of these challenging economic conditions, we continue to implement value-added strategies that will allow us to build our brands, achieve positive pricing, reduce costs, and grow profits and cash for our shareholders.  Let’s review some total company performance highlights for the quarter. We grew Coors Light sales to retail nearly 4% globally. We achieved net sales growth of 4.8%, driven by brand strength, positive pricing, and the benefit of favorable foreign currency. We grew net pricing in all three of our major markets on the strength of our brand building efforts. We captured $18 million of cost redemptions as part of our resources for growth program in the quarter.  These cost reduction programs allowed us to offset nearly a third of our cost inflation in the quarter. Excluding special and one-time items, underlying income from continuing operations declined 2% to $172.6 million in the second quarter, due to a higher effective tax rate in the quarter, which Stewart will discuss in a few minutes. And I’m now going to pass it over to Stewart to review the second quarter financial results and trends, and then we’ll cover the outlook for the rest of 2008. Stewart, over to you. 
Stewart Glendinning: Thanks, Peter and hello, everyone. I’ll start with the second quarter financial highlights. We grew total company volume 0.9% and net sales 4.8%. Meanwhile, our underlying pretax income grew 2.5% in a challenging cost environment.  On the bottom line, underlying after-tax earnings of $172.6 million, or $0.93 per diluted share in the second quarter were 2% lower than a year ago.  We will discuss our earnings performance today primarily in terms of underlying earnings, a common performance measure that excludes special and other one-time items from our U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results we share with you today will be in U.S. dollars.  It is important to note that our second quarter underlying earnings exclude $103.9 million of special items. Nearly half of this total was a $50.6 million non-cash charge to reduce the carrying value of the Molson brands sold in the U.S. The remaining items are virtually all cash charges that offer attractive returns on investment, including expenses associated with the formation of Molson Coors, restructuring costs in the U.K., and transition costs related to an outsourcing contract. These adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results are described in more detail in the earnings news release we distributed this morning.  Foreign exchange movements increased our total company pretax profit by approximately $6 million in the second quarter on an underlying basis, driven by an 8% year-over-year appreciation of the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar.  In segment performance highlights, starting with Canada, underlying pretax income of $154.4 million in the second quarter was 5.6% higher than a year ago, driven by an $11 million benefit from favorable foreign currency. Positive net pricing was offset by fuel and commodity price inflation and lower comparable Canada market volume.  As we discussed last quarter, the new Modelo Molson import joint venture and the loss of Foster’s U.S. production contract affect the way that we report our Canada results this year in the following ways.  First, the loss of Foster’s contract has the effects through the end of the third quarter of reducing reported sales volume about four to six percentage points while increasing net sales per barrel about three to four percentage points and increasing cost of goods sold per barrel about two to three percentage points. The effects in the fourth quarter this year are not significant as we cycle the October 2007 contract termination. The negative impact on pretax profits in the first three quarters of 2008 is about $1 million per quarter. Finally, the loss of this contract has no impact on our STRs, since the Foster's U.S. production volume has never been included in our Canada STRs. Second, the new Modelo Molson arrangement has the effect of reducing our reported sales volume, net sales per barrel, cost of goods per barrel and marketing expense because of the change to equity accounting. Our 50% share of the joint venture earnings are included in Canada cost of goods sold. In addition, sales to retail and market share results will now include our half of Modelo product sales for all of Canada. As I discuss Canada results, I will provide year-over-year changes that exclude the reporting effects of Foster's and Modelo Molson in order to provide more-comparable results. So, let's review the highlights. Our Canada sales to retail, or STRs, for the second calendar quarter ended June 30th decreased 0.8% on a comparable basis versus a year ago, driven by unusually wet weather in key major markets during the quarter. Molson's strategic brands, which represent more than 85% of our Canada STRs, continued to grow, including mid-single-digit growth by Coors Light and double-digit growth by Rickard's, Creemore, Carling, and our partner import brands. Molson Canadian experienced a mid-single-digit volume decrease compared to the prior year. Total Canadian beer industry sales to retail declined an estimated 0.7% in the calendar second quarter. On a comparable basis, our second quarter estimated Canada market share was virtually even with a year ago. Our Canada sales volume on a comparable basis decreased 1.1% versus prior year. Comparable net sales per barrel increased approximately 3% in local currency, driven almost entirely by positive pricing, along with a small increase from partner-import brand growth. Cost of goods sold per barrel in the second quarter increased 9% on a comparable basis in local currency when we exclude the impact of the Foster's and Modelo changes, as well as the benefit of cycling a $5.8 million unfavorable foreign currency adjustment last year. This underlying cost of goods increase was due to the net effect of three factors: an 8% increase driven by higher commodity and packaging material costs, along with increased energy and transportation costs; second, a 2.5% decrease from our Resources for Growth cost savings initiatives; and third, a 3.5% increase due to higher fixed overhead costs and the ongoing shift in sales mix to partner import brands. Comparable marketing general & administrative expense in the quarter decreased 6.4% in local currency driven by results of our costs savings initiatives and lower amortization and administrative expenses. Other income decreased $17.5 million in the second quarter primarily due to the cycling the $16.7 million gain on the sale of our interest in the House of Blues Canada business during the second quarter of 2007. This non-recurring gain was excluded from our underlying non-GAAP earnings for the second quarter of 2007. In the U.S., second quarter underlying pretax income increased 14.8% to $112.7 million. This increase was driven by strong sales volume growth and positive net pricing, partially offset by higher transportation and packaging material costs.  Looking at highlights: U.S. sales to retail increased 5.1%, yielding solid market share growth in the quarter. Our U.S. STR growth would have been about two percentage points higher without the impact of a shift in the year-over-year timing of the July 4th holiday within our fiscal calendar. This strong sales performance was driven by mid-single-digit growth by Coors Light, high-single-digit growth by Coors Banquet, and double-digit growth by Blue Moon and Keystone Light. Each of our four largest brands achieved accelerated sales and market-share growth trends in the quarter.  For the second consecutive quarter, we grew sales-to-retail in all major channels and in 47 out of 50 states, a geographic base that represents over 96% of our total U.S. volume. We also continued to expand distribution, with more than 70,000 new SKU placements of Coors Light and Keystone Light in the quarter. U.S. volume to wholesalers growth of 7.0% was not significantly affected by the timing of the July 4th holiday. Net sales per barrel increased 3.8% in the second quarter, driven by three percentage points of higher net pricing, along with increased distributor fuel surcharges and new commercial sales from our U.S. can joint venture. Excluding the commercial can sales, net sales per barrel increased 3.3%. Cost of goods per barrel increased 4.9% in the quarter, driven by higher fuel, transportation and packaging material costs, as well as commercial can sales. Excluding the impact of commercial can sales, cost of goods per barrel increased 4.1%.  Price increases and cost savings more than covered the significant cost of goods inflation we saw in the quarter. Cost savings initiatives alone offset more than one-third of our U.S. cost of goods inflation in the quarter. U.S. marketing, general & administrative expense increased 6.6% in the second quarter, driven equally by increased sales and marketing spending and incentive compensation related to strong performance in the first half of the year.  All in, our U.S. business entered Miller Coors with strong volume and pricing momentum and with continued cost control, all of which allowed the business to again achieve double-digit profit growth, despite higher cost inflation. Moving to our U.K. business, second quarter underlying pretax income was $21.5 million, a decrease of $19.0 million from a year ago, primarily due to higher levels of input inflation, increased pension costs and lower sales volume. Our U.K. owned-brand volume outperformed the market in both the on- and the off-premise channels. However, volumes decreased 2.6% year-on-year due to the smoking bans, Easter falling in the first quarter, and customers buying in advance of the 9% increase in the beer excise tax in the first quarter.  Volumes in the off-premise channel grew by 6% as a result of selective but more-visible promotional features, but volumes in the on-premise declined 9%. Net sales per barrel increased 3.4% in local currency, predominantly due to our acquisition of the Camerons on-premise distribution business in July last year. Comparable net sales per barrel of our own products increased 0.6%, driven by higher on-premise pricing. This represents our sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in owned-brand pricing. Cost of goods sold per barrel in local currency increased 11.9% in the second quarter, due primarily to higher Camerons factored brand sales, energy and materials cost inflation, and higher pension expense. More than half of this increase was driven by higher input cost inflation and pension expense. Marketing, general & administrative expense in the U.K. decreased 0.8% in local currency. General and administrative expense increased due to the addition of the Camerons business and higher pension costs. Excluding these year-over-year changes, our overhead costs declined in the quarter. Marketing expense in the quarter decreased as a result of reductions in spending to match the trading environment.  In global markets and corporate, excluding the reporting effect of changing our Mexico business to a license arrangement this year, global markets grew volume more than 13% and increased investments in our developing markets around the globe, including China and Europe. MG&A totaled $35.1 million in the second quarter, including corporate general and administrative expense of $25.9 million, which was $3.7 million lower than a year ago. Corporate net interest expense declined $1.8 million from a year ago because of the benefit of debt restructurings we completed last year, along with lower debt balances this year. These reductions were partially offset by nearly $3 million of incremental interest expense due to year-over-year foreign exchange movements. The underlying loss for global markets and corporate was $57.1 million pretax in the second quarter, a 3.4% decrease as a result of lower corporate G&A and interest expense this year.  Moving beyond operating business unit performance, our second quarter effective tax rate was 23% on a reported and underlying basis. This quarterly rate is higher than we expected earlier in the year, which I will discuss in a minute. Free cash flow for the second quarter reflected a net cash generation of $225 million, which was made up of positive operating cash of $287 million plus $5 million of proceeds from asset sales, minus capital spending of $67 million. This free cash flow result represents a $133 million improvement this year due to both lower capital spending and higher operating cash flow versus the second quarter of 2007. Total owned debt at the end of the second quarter was $1.96 billion, excluding approximately $118 million of non-owned joint venture debt. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $284 million at the end of the quarter, resulting in owned net debt of $1.68 billion.  Now, I'll preface the outlook portion of this call as usual by paraphrasing our Safe Harbor language. Some of what we talk about now and in the Q&A may constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what we project today, so please refer to our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and proxy filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect our projections.  We do not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that we may discuss during the call, please visit our website, www.molsoncoors.com, for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Looking forward, we continue to anticipate 2008 corporate net interest expense of approximately $100 million to $105 million on a reported basis. We expect full-year 2008 corporate general and administrative expense of approximately $110 million, plus or minus 5%, which is in line with last year and our previous guidance. Turning to our effective tax rate, we now anticipate that our underlying tax rates for full-year 2008 and for the second half of the year will be in the range of 20% to 24%, assuming no further changes in tax laws. This 2008 guidance is higher than we provided on our last earnings call because we now expect the closing or settling of certain tax years to be delayed until 2009. As a result, we also expect our 2009 effective tax rate to be below our long-term range of 22% to 26%. Note that we do not expect the completion of Miller Coors in the U.S. to significantly affect our outlook in the areas of interest expense, G&A and underlying effective tax rate. Our new capital spending outlook for 2008 is approximately $245 million, excluding the U.S. in the second half of this year. As usual, this guidance excludes self-funded capital spending by our consolidated joint ventures, primarily The Beer Stores in Ontario.  Our annual CapEx outlook for the Canada and U.K. businesses, which is incorporated into this guidance, has not changed since our last earnings call. At mid-year, we were on plan to achieve our 2008 free cash goal of $550 million, excluding any effects from Miller Coors. As we have shared previously, Miller Coors will have one-time cash outlays of approximately $450 million during the next couple of years to capture the $500 million of targeted cost synergies for this new company. This incremental cash will be divided about equally between one-time restructuring costs to reduce overhead expenses and net capital expenditures to reconfigure the Miller Coors supply chain.  Leo Kiely's team is in the process of finalizing these integration and capital investment programs and we plan to share more details next quarter.  Now, highlights of our cost-reduction initiatives: in the second quarter, we captured an incremental $18 million of cost savings as part of our three-year, $250 million resources for growth, or RFG, cost reduction initiative. We are on target to achieve our 2008 goal of $77 million of additional cost savings and we have already delivered more than 60% of this annual goal in the first half of the year. Looking beyond 2008, we are assessing how the formation of Miller Coors affects our RFG program. As with cash flow, we plan to provide more specifics on our next earnings call.  At this point, I'll turn it back over to Peter for a look ahead to the balance of 2008. Peter.
Peter Swinburn:  Thanks, Stewart. In 2008, we remain focused on building strong brands and reducing costs in each of our businesses. To keep our brand momentum going this year, in Canada, we continue to focus on building our strategic brands. In the second half of the year, we anticipate continued aggressive competitive pricing activity, primarily in Quebec and Ontario. In the face of this activity, we are committed to remaining competitive while growing our strategic brands over the long term, including the introduction of new innovative packaging, promotions and advertising creative. Building on our Coors Light Cold Activated Can launch last year, we recently introduced Coors Light Cold Certified bottles across Canada, strengthening our Rocky Mountain Cold Refreshment with our consumers. We will continue to focus on capturing growth from our super-premium owned and partner-import brands, including the addition of Corona in Western Canada, which has strengthened our national portfolio.  In the U.K., we anticipate a challenging trading environment in the second half of the year, due to the weakening U.K. economy. Nonetheless, we expect our U.K. business to benefit in the second half from cycling the U.K. smoking bans, and we will begin to accrue the benefits of the Heineken contract brewing arrangement, the Magners cider agreement, and recent supplier renegotiations. We will also cycle a one-time $9.5 million increase in pension expense in the third quarter last year. In addition, we continue to roll out our new cold dispense technology for Carling, with 20,000 new installations year to date, as well as the "Cold You Can See" thermo-chromatic packaging and our compact draught system. Coors Light volume is also showing encouraging growth, driven by solid retail partnerships and increasing consumer demand for lighter, more-refreshing beers.  Based on the strength of our brands, and considering the challenging cost environment in each of our businesses, we are re-evaluating our pricing plans for the balance of this year. As always, we will make market-by-market pricing decisions that are consistent with our goals of building our brands and shareholder value. Following are the most recent volume results for each of our businesses early in the third quarter. In Canada, our comparable sales to retail in July, including 50% of Modelo brands for all of Canada in both years, increased at a low-double-digit rate. In the first five weeks of the third quarter, our U.K. sales to retail have decreased at a mid-single-digit rate from a year ago. In the U.S., with respect to the first few weeks of the third quarter for Miller Coors, we really like our execution over the Fourth of July weekend and our plans heading into Labor Day. Because it is very early days in the financial reporting of this shared venture between two parent companies, we are not in a position to discuss volume more specifically for this particular straddle quarter but we do look forward to having Leo Kiely and Tom Long on our next earnings call to discuss the performance of the U.S. business.  Regarding cost reductions, we are on track to meet or exceed our goals in 2008. Looking at the cost outlook by business, in Canada we now anticipate that our reported cost of goods per barrel in local currency will be virtually unchanged for full year 2008. We expect comparable cost of goods sold per barrel to increase at a mid-single-digit rate in local currency. This is up from the guidance of low-single-digits on our last earnings call.  Comparable 2008 cost of goods in Canada excludes the new Modelo Molson joint venture accounting, the loss of the Foster's contract, and an $8 million full-year benefit of cycling 2007 foreign currency adjustments.  This guidance implies improved Canada cost trends in the back half of this year, in particular in the fourth quarter, despite a challenging commodity cost environment. This outlook is primarily due to cycling higher materials costs and additional expenses related to closing our Edmonton brewery and starting up the Moncton brewery last year. Our U.K. team will continue to attack costs and maximize the return on our production assets. We are targeting substantial savings as part of our resources for growth program, driven by headcount reductions, supplier negotiations and improvements in supply chain efficiencies. We are also reviewing opportunities to further reduce overhead costs. We currently expect full year 2008 U.K. cost of goods per barrel to increase at a mid-single-digit rate in local currency.  Since the new Miller Coors business in the U.S. will be critical to our future financial performance and shareholder value, I want to provide an update on the progress to date.  Leo Kiely and his team have filled virtually all the top positions in this new company. I believe that they are truly taking the best talent from both the Coors and Miller organizations and building one of the strongest teams globally. Miller Coors has hit the ground running on integration and marketplace effectiveness, including their commitment to deliver $500 million of cost synergies. As an example, they are already making adjustments to their supply chain to improve service and lower costs. The extensive planning over the past 10 months is paying off, and as we move to peak season, these efforts will gain even more momentum. From a financial reporting standpoint, Miller Coors results will flow through our P&L in a new equity income line above operating income. This will be pretax income, and corporate income taxes on these results will be paid at the parent level. For greater visibility, we also plan to provide a full Miller Coors income statement each quarter in U.S. GAAP, along with selected balance sheet and cash flow information. These results will be released by the parent companies, Molson Coors and SABMiller, on the same day as the Molson Coors earnings release, starting with our third quarter release on Wednesday, November 5th. We will have Miller Coors results to discuss in future quarters and Leo and others of his top team plan to participate in our earnings calls to provide perspective on the U.S. business. We will provide more details on Miller Coors’ strategies and plans on our next earnings call, along with the first quarter of results from this exciting new company.  To summarize our results and discussion today, in the second quarter we created the most significant business combination in the history of U.S. beer; a new company that will make us stronger and more competitive in the U.S. Miller Coors offers tremendous potential in resources and value for Molson Coors and our shareholders.  On a company-wide basis, our top brands continue to outperform the industry and we achieved net pricing gains and substantial cost savings in each of our core markets. At the same time, however, energy costs and commodity inflation have become bigger challenges. This cost inflation, combined with our higher tax rate, drove lower underlying earnings for our total company in the second quarter.  In the face of these challenging economic conditions, we continue to implement value-adding strategies that will allow us to build our brands, achieve positive pricing, reduce costs, and grow profits and cash for our shareholders. The fundamentals of our business remain strong and we are more excited than ever about the future for Molson Coors Brewing Company, as we strive to become a top-performing global brewer. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment: our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time today, our Investor Relations team, led by Dave Dunnewald, will host a follow-up conference call, essentially a working session for analysts and investors who have additional questions regarding our quarterly results. That call will also be available for you to hear via webcast and recorded replay on our website. So at this point, Matt, we would like to open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Mark Swartzberg from Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Peter, a couple of questions on Canada -- just a clarification, did you say it was up, volumes were up mid-single -- or I guess STR is up mid-single-digit in the month of July? And if so, can you tell us what’s happening local currency on net revenue per barrel? And then, also on Canada, Molson Canadian, down mid-single-digits in the quarter. Can you give us an idea of how that played out by region, or at least by Quebec and Ontario on that brand?
Peter Swinburn:  I’ll let Kevin jump in in a minute, as he can give you probably more detail on some of the questions but what I actually said on Canada for July is that the STRs were up low double-digit, and that basically represents a bounce-back in July from really what was unprecedented bad weather in the Canadian market in the quarter that we just experienced.  We won’t give guidance on where we are in terms of margins but Kevin, do you want to pick up on the Canadian question, the Molson Canadian question?
Kevin T. Boyce: Mark, the Molson Canadian is not sold actually in Quebec. It’s sold in the rest of Canada and if you look at it, it had a good period in the Atlantic and broadly speaking, the rest of the country was pretty consistent, about mid-single-digit decline in the quarter.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: And Kevin, on that low double-digit increase in July for all of your brands, do you put all of that on weather on or are there also -- is it getting more promotional?
Kevin T. Boyce: Well, to be honest, the weather wasn’t super in July either. I think that we had a couple of good weekends early in the month. We’ve got a couple of extra shipping days in Quebec but basically I think the country has decided, this is a little bit anecdotal, but the country has decided that it’s time to have summer, that there was enough rain in June, and we can see shipments from an industry perspective are quite strong in July and broadly speaking, it had to happen -- there’s no indications that the industry is in decline or anything like that. It was just some pretty bad weather for a prolonged period of time in May and June, which as I said has extended into July but a little bit of it would be promotional but most of it I think is simply returning to normal levels where the industry has historically grown year over year at about 1%. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: And when you say up low double-digits, are we talking the same number of selling days in each period or are you getting the benefit of the selling days in that number?
Kevin T. Boyce: Well, in Quebec, for example, you would get -- there’s a couple of extra shipping days and that’s -- in Quebec, our STRs are measured by shipping days, so there’s a little extra days in there but most of it would seem to be, or at least half plus would seem to be the industry strength and us participating or more than participating in that. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala from UBS.
Analyst for Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: This is actually Zack standing in for Kaumil. I have a quick question for you guys -- could you just comment on whether there were any cost-savings opportunities in the U.S. that you guys ended up delaying in the quarter, you know, waiting for the closing of the Miller Coors JV?
Peter Swinburn:  I’ll take that -- the short answer is no. We ran the business as we would. We got the cost savings that we wanted out and the Miller Coors people are working very hard at the moment putting together their plans to make sure that they get their cost savings and synergies out as well, so what you would expect, really. 
Analyst for Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Banc of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Good morning. Peter, I guess one of the things that we’re sort of struggling with on this side today is visibility, and seeing that the cost inflation expectations have changed sequentially from the first quarter to the second quarter and now looking out into next year, and I think there’s about a 35%, 40% difference in the range of consensus estimates for next year between the high and the low end, can you talk a little bit about, as much as you can on some broader themes? First, where you stand today relative to past statements that management has made on share buy-backs. Also, is the language on your expectations for the phasing of the cost savings from the Miller Coors JV the same? Meaning is it still $50 million in year one, the first fiscal year after the JV closed?  And then also, if you could talk a little bit about your expectations for the continuing of cost savings programs in -- resources for growth, I guess, savings in the U.K. and in Canada beyond this year. 
Peter Swinburn:  Okay, Bryan, I’ll try my best to answer all of those for you and I’ll let Stewart jump in as well to help out as well.  First of all, can I just -- before I address the specifics, can I just say we appreciate that this particular quarter is slightly unique. Miller Coors as a business is less than five weeks old and so we simply are not in a position to provide you with the sort of information that we would like to provide you with and which we will provide you with on an ongoing basis. So our apologies for that but it’s just -- and I’m sure you’ll understand why that is the case.  In terms of your specifics, on share buy-backs, we really want the same visibility that you want on Miller Coors and what is likely to be our expenditure and their cash needs going forward. We’ll have that by the end of the next quarter and that will give us -- that will put us in a position where we can discuss that particular issue with our board clearly, so that’s where we are on that one.  In terms of the synergy savings then, yes, everything is still in line with the numbers that we’ve given you previously, $50 million in the first year and so on. And again, Leo and his team will be able to update you on that at our next quarter announcements.  And in terms of the cost savings, our resources for growth program is bang in line Canada, bang in line in the U.K. I think we said in the announcement that we are bang in line with hitting the numbers that we’ve already given you for this year and again, the Miller Coors people are working on their numbers and we’ll have greater visibility on that at the end of the third quarter. But at the moment, certainly we are very confident that we are in line with our cost saving-program. 
Stewart Glendinning: The only thing I would add to that, Bryan, is that if you looked out for ROT this year, I mean, we’ve delivered 60% of the numbers already. We feel confident about this year. We are taking a look at next year in concert with Miller Coors and on that subject, we feel quite confident that to the extent that there are any detrimental effects from the Miller Coors joint venture, that that will be offset by additional savings they had realized on their side. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Okay, great. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Carlos Laboy from Credit Suisse.
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Could you expand on the importance of the Corona brand in Canada? You mentioned it briefly, and for your growth, with Modello on the block, if Modello goes to InBev, how do you hang on to the brand? And if you lose it, how does it affect your Canada earnings?
Peter Swinburn:  I’ll let Kevin again jump in on the detail of it but you are well aware we’re not going to speculate on anything that might happen in the future. We’ve got no more insight into that than you have, to be honest with you, but Kevin, do you want to talk about the Modello brand specifically in Canada?
Kevin T. Boyce: The Modello brand, it’s hard to give comparisons because we’ve added Modello to Western Canada this year, so it obviously distorts the numbers. But it is a sizable brand that continues to enjoy good growth, both in the east and western part of Canada, and we’ve had a long relationship with Corona and the creation of the joint venture for us and for them we think is a great opportunity to continue to grow in the country. 
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: How important is it to your portfolio and to your growth? It’s a pretty important brand in the portfolio, no?
Kevin T. Boyce: Yeah, it’s within our -- it’s one of our top 10 brands. It’s not our biggest but it’s certainly not our smallest. As I said, it’s -- I’m trying to give you a size without giving the actual share here but it is -- I think it’s fair to say it’s one of our more meaningful brands. It’s after obviously Coors Light and Molson Canadian but it’s a very substantial brand and it plays a very important role in our super premium portfolio. 
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Thank you. 
Peter Swinburn:  Carlos, just to clarify because maybe we didn’t make it clear -- our agreement with Modello for the Corona brand in Canada is a long-term agreement, so there’s not question of us losing it, if that’s really what you are trying to get at. 
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: That’s the concern. 
Peter Swinburn:  No, if that answers your concern, hopefully we’ve done so. 
Carlos Laboy - Credit Suisse: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Good morning. Kevin, a couple more questions on Canada, particularly focusing on the pricing environment there -- if I look at revenue per barrel in the second quarter, it looks like it was more moderate growth than the first quarter, while the fuel and commodity outlook has worsened. So I’m hoping to get a little bit more color in terms of the competitive promotional activity, as well as your promotional activity. And with commodity outlook getting worse, your confidence level in taking more pricing to offset the commodity inflation there. 
Kevin T. Boyce: In the second quarter, we still got pretty good pricing in the marketplace. Our pricing grew, our MSR grew about 3% per barrel, which is pretty good growth. The first quarter was a little bit better because we had taken pricing a little bit earlier in the year than in previous years, so our comparables versus previous year were a little bit better. But if you look at it on an ongoing basis, obviously we are facing a challenging cost environment. There’s still a province or two where we have yet to take pricing this year and obviously we’ll be looking very seriously at those quite soon. But I think given all the cost pressures, we will be going back even to markets where we’ve already taken some price this year and look at those markets and say should we be re-looking at our price for this year and ongoing to try to offset some of these cost increases. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: And what are you seeing from your competitors and their pricing?
Kevin T. Boyce: Well, I think they are right in there with us in terms of -- it’s a pretty aggressive marketplace right now. One of the things with the kind of weak industry in May and June, it’s caused people to chase volume a little bit and worry about what the summer was going to be like. So I think what you are seeing out there now in a couple of markets is some pretty aggressive discounting, probably more aggressive than a year ago right now, as people are chasing a little bit of volume.  This market has historically gone in some of those cycles and we would expect that things will work their way through. Everybody is facing the same challenge and cost environment but right now, it is pretty aggressive out there. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then I think your MG&A in Canada was down 6% if you exclude some of the factors that affected the comparability. Is that more of a timing issue or cost savings help the MG&A line, or is your brand spending actually declined in the second quarter?
Kevin T. Boyce: Well, our marketing and sales, if you like, rather than MG&A on a comparable basis year over year is about flat. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then a couple of questions in the U.K. market -- you talked about the second half potentially getting better as you cycle the smoking bans a year ago. Are you seeing any evidence that that is indeed happening? Sales to retailers were down mid-single-digits in July, so it doesn’t really look like it got a whole lot better. And then secondly on pricing, it seems like you got a little bit more promotional in off-premise outlets and I’m wondering if this is something that we should look forward to going forward, and are you pleased with the returns that you are getting as you ramped up promotional spending in that part of the channel?
Mark Hunter: With regard to the industry, I mean, what we’ve seen is basically the industry volumes have accelerated from a decline perspective through the second quarter, so second quarter was down about 4.6%, the first quarter was down a couple of percent, so the total market at the half year is down just over 3, and we would expect the market for the full year to be down around about 3.5% in total volume terms. That still has a little bit of uncertainty associated with it because although we’ll be cycling the smoking ban from last year, clearly the U.K. economy is not in great shape so consumer spending and disposable income is clearly under a lot of pressure. But we’re currently forecasting total market volume to be down pretty much in line with where the market is at the half year, around about 3.5%.  With regard to pricing, we I think intimated at the start of this year that we wanted to be more selective in some of our promotional activity in the take-home market. We lost share as a business last year and as we’ve come through the first two quarters of this year, we’ve managed to achieve both pricing growth and market share growth, which is really the formula that we’re looking to repeat on an ongoing basis.  Our pricing growth was a little bit lower in the second quarter, principally because the take-home market, the off-premise market took up a larger proportion of the overall volume in margins and the take-home market are generally lower than they are in the on-premise market.  But we will continue to push for selective promotional activity through the balance of this year. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then my last question, a clarification on the cash flow outlook from this year. That didn’t change even though the tax rate guidance went up -- is that correct?
Peter Swinburn:  That’s correct, Judy. That tax change won’t affect us from a cash flow perspective. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Our next question comes from Christine Farkas from Merrill Lynch.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. A couple of questions, if I could -- with respect to your Canadian market where your costs of goods or the raw material inflation was up eight points, and this was offset by 2.5 points of your cost savings, this ratio seems a little bit lower, of course, than what you reported in the past with your cost savings program offsetting a lot of the inflation. Can you talk a little bit about firstly, is that ratio correct going forward, given the inflation pressures that we are seeing? And then with respect to North American raw material, specifically on your packaging inflation and your AG inputs, we can all see what fuel is doing, what is your hedging position and outlook on those two particular components? Thank you. 
Kevin T. Boyce: I’ll take those. Let’s start with the inflation has been higher than in previous quarters, obviously. Peter mentioned or Stewart may have mentioned that for the rest of the year, we see more mid-single-digit increases. A lot of what you saw in this quarter has been driven by a combination of agriculture but obviously fuel is an important part of our business, as we have DSD delivery system in some provinces and we share a system through either BBL or TBS with some other brewers, so we’ve seen some pretty dramatic increases through there, and some of that going forward will depend on what’s happening. You know that right now, oil is moderating somewhat, which is good news for us, but we are forecasting that it’s not going to get a whole lot better. It’s certainly for the balance of the year, the agricultural products we’ve kind of built in today’s pricing, as well as oil.  So if there’s any upside in that, it would be in the sense of if there’s some substantive movements downward in oil.   
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Do you hedge where you can on these inputs?
Peter Swinburn:  Just to cover that point, we don’t as a rule sort of get into all of our specifics of hedges, but all of our hedging is taken into account in looking at our going forward COGS for the rest of the year, which we’ve outlined at a sort of mid-single-digit rate. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up question on the U.K., with respect to the higher pricing, you’ve talked about a buy-ahead ahead of the higher excise taxes. In the U.K., your pricing was up on core brands 0.6%. Can you talk about whether or not you can pass on more pricing there to offset potentially some of the volume decline?
Mark Hunter: We’re currently reviewing pricing options for the balance of this year. It’s going to be a combination of our SKU mix and driving more profitable packs and we are currently reviewing whether there is any room for a more blanket price increase, but that’s still work in progress. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. That’s all for me. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Patricia O’Donnell from [Kingdom]. Ms. O’Donnell, your line is open. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Banc of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Thanks for taking the follow-up. I just wanted to get a little perspective on the U.K. There’s been a pretty -- I guess an accelerated level of pub closures in the last year or so. I think I read one story where there’s maybe 1400 pubs closed last year and they are closing at a rate of two or three per day right now.  So two questions related to that -- one, are your volumes and sales being influenced or affected by sort of a reduction of inventory in the trade? If you’ve got fewer customers, there’s not only just less throughput but maybe less stock in the trade, so maybe like a de-stocking effect.  And then the second thing is does it still make sense to spend the capital on cold dispense equipment right now if the on trade is declining at the rate it is? And I think Carlsberg said this morning that 2Q on trade was down something in the neighborhood of 9% in the second quarter. So could you just talk a little bit about that and how that’s affecting your numbers and maybe affect your thinking going forward?
Mark Hunter: With regard to the pub closures, I mean, clearly that’s a concern for the long-term viability of the pub industry in the U.K. I think what we are seeing at this stage is that the pubs that are closing tend to be the smaller volume pubs, so pubs you would describe as kind of the tail end of the market, so their impact on our overall performance relative to the industry is pretty small at this stage. So I would rule that out as kind of a material issue in the short-term but clearly as we look longer term at pub closures generally and on-premise performance is a concern for us.  With regard to CapEx, we will continue to invest in those outlets that we think can generate a material return for us, so we are very selective with regard to where we are installing cold dispense. It’s all being driven on the back of our core brands and brands that we see having a long-term future, so it’s important that those brands represent themselves effectively. But this isn’t a ubiquitous approach across all customers. It’s a selective approach and we look to invest where we can maximize the returns. It tends to be with those customers who are investing in the retail proposition and where our brand positioning is reflected at the point of purchase. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Okay, great. And if I could just follow-up on the -- again in the U.K. on the pricing, were the excise tax increases passed through by retailers or did they not pass that, the excise tax increases through to consumers?
Mark Hunter: It would certainly appear that within the off-trade market, the excise increases were not passed through so we’ve seen very little movement in off-trade pricing. And the on-premise, most of the excise tax increases seemed to have been passed through. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: And does that potentially raise the question or a flag that there could be some more aggressive regulatory action taken? I mean, part of the -- my impression has been part of the reason why excise taxes were increased were to raise revenue but part of it is a public policy action to try to curb consumption, and it seems both in beer and wine that the off-trade has sort of ignored the suggestion that shelf price ought to move up.  First of all, am I on target with that and if so, is there a chance that maybe there’s going to be potentially more aggressive regulation to try to ensure that you don’t get the same level of discounting in the off-trade?
Mark Hunter: It’s a good observation, Bryan. You have to connect that to two things; the first thing you need to connect is the commentary from the current U.K. government and other interested bodies about their concern relating to aggressive promotional pricing in take-home and the need for something to change. And then you have to connect that to the fact that there’s going to be an election in the U.K. probably in the next 18 months, so the likelihood of the current government putting through a material change that affects retail pricing, I would suggest -- and this is a pure personal perspective -- would be pretty limited.  There is a lot of discussion around this topic and we will wait to see whether there will be any movement from the government, but I would just set it in the context of a forthcoming general election. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) I am showing no further questions. 
Peter Swinburn:  Okay. Thanks very much, Matt. We’ll call that a wrap. Thank you, everybody, for joining us and thanks very much for your interest in Molson Coors. We look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-06 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Leo Kiely III - Chief Executive Officer, Director; CEO of Coors Brewing unit Timothy V. Wolf - Global Chief Financial Officer Peter Swinburn - President, Chief Executive Officer of Coors Brewing Company Mark Hunter - President and Chief Executive Officer - Coors Brewers Limited Kevin T. Boyce - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada
Analysts: Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus Anthony Bucalla - Credit Suisse Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2008 first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Leo Kiely, President and Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Brewing Company. Sir, you may begin. 
Leo Kiely III: Thanks, Matt. Hello and welcome everybody and thanks for joining us today. With me on the call are: Tim Wolf, Kevin Boyce, Peter Swinburn, Mark Hunter, the CEO of our Coors Brewers Limited business; Dave Perkins, President of Global Brand and Market Development; Sam Walker, our Chief Legal Officer; Mike Gannon, our global Treasurer; Marty Miller, our global Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Vice President of Investor Relations.  This morning Tim and I will take you through some highlights of our first quarter 2008 results for the Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective on 2008, and then we will open it up for questions.  The first quarter of 2008 was a very strong quarter for our company, as we continued to achieve solid top-line and bottom-line performance. Let's start with some global highlights for the quarter: we grew Coors Light sales to retail more than 5% globally in the first quarter.  We achieved net sales growth of more than 10%, driven by brand strength, positive pricing, and the benefit of favorable foreign currency. We grew net pricing in all three of our major markets on the strength of our brands and the discipline of our sales teams.  We captured $29 million of cost reductions as part of our Resources for Growth program in the quarter. These cost reduction programs allowed us to offset more than 90% of our cost inflation in the quarter. We continued to invest with discipline and at a high level in our brands and our sales capabilities in each of our businesses.  We used cash on hand to pay down more than $180 million worth of high-rate senior notes during the quarter. And excluding special and other one-time items, we more than doubled our consolidated income from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2008 to $59.1 million after tax. This substantial increase in underlying earnings was driven by strong sales growth by our brands, positive pricing, and cost savings that exceeded our goals, along with a lower tax rate. With our first quarter bottom-line results, we also achieved the profit target for our primary long-term incentive program. This performance-share program was designed to reward employees if the company met a stretch target for trailing four-quarter profit within a two-to-five-year period.  Due to the very strong performance of the company in the past year, we achieved this target in the first quarter of this year, which is the third year of the program. As a result, we recorded $25 million of accelerated expense for the program that was originally planned to flow over the balance of 2008. In fact, our earnings per share would have been $0.10 higher without the accelerated expense related to this program in the quarter.  It is a substantial accomplishment for this organization to grow underlying earnings 136% in a seasonably small profit quarter, even though nearly half of the total expense for this multi-year incentive program fell in the first quarter of this year. This speaks to the strength and the quality of our company's earnings performance in the quarter.  On the whole, we are pleased with our strong start to 2008. We are building a winning culture based on strong talent and a clear vision of becoming one of the best-performing beer companies in the world. We have more work to do but we are clearly moving in the right direction and we have made good progress to date.  At this point, I'll turn it over to Tim to review first quarter financial highlights and trends and then we'll provide some perspective on the balance of 2008, so Timothy.
Timothy V. Wolf: Thanks, Leo, and hello to everybody out there. I'll start with first quarter financial highlights.  In the quarter, we grew total-company volume 2.8% and net sales 10.4%. Gross profit increased $63.2 million, driving more than a full percentage point improvement in gross margin. Our operating margin of 6.3% excluding special items also increased more than a full percentage point from a year ago. On the bottom line, we achieved underlying after-tax earnings of $59.1 million, or $0.32 per diluted share, in the first quarter, which is up 136% from a year ago.  We will discuss our earnings performance today primarily in terms of underlying earnings, which is a common performance measure that excludes special and other one-time items from our U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all of the financial results we share with you today will be in U.S. Dollars.  Our first quarter underlying earnings exclude restructuring costs in the U.K., brewery closure costs in Canada, and expenses related to our proposed U.S. joint venture, partially offset by a gain on the sale of our company-owned distributorship in Boise, Idaho. We also exclude one-time debt extinguishment costs of $12.4 million, which we used to repurchase $180 million of our 6-3/8% senior notes that were due 2012. This debt tender made good sense because we had cash on hand from year end and saw good value in paying down high-cost debt, especially with short-term rates so low.  These adjustments to our U.S. GAAP results are described in more detail in the earnings news release we distributed this morning.  Net foreign exchange improvements increased our total-company pretax profit by approximately $4 million in the first quarter on an underlying basis, driven by the appreciation of the Canadian Dollar versus the U.S. Dollar.  Before I go through our business segment results, I want to share some changes in the way we are reporting our results this year. With the appointment of Dave Perkins to President of Global Brand and Market Development, results for our businesses in Asia, Latin America and Continental Europe are now included with our Corporate results in a new non-reportable segment called Global Markets and Corporate. Prior year results have been reclassified the same way for comparability. As a result, our U.S. segment now includes only U.S. and Puerto Rico results, and the Europe segment has been renamed and now includes only the U.K. and Republic of Ireland. In Canada, the new Modelo/Molson joint venture created at the beginning of this year and the loss of the Foster's U.S. production contract change our reported results in two ways: first, Modelo/Molson JV results are being reported under the equity method of accounting. When comparing current year results to prior year, this change will have the effect of reducing our reported sales volume, reported net sales per barrel, reported cost of goods per barrel and reported marketing expense.  Our 50% share of the joint venture earnings are included in Canada cost of goods sold. In addition, sales to retail and market share results will now include sales of Modelo products for all of Canada, where prior-year results did not include provinces west of Ontario.  Second, the loss of the Foster's U.S. production contract will drive lower reported sales volume and higher revenue and cost of goods per-barrel for the first three quarters of 2008. The loss of this contract has no effect on our STRs, since the Foster's U.S. production volume has never been included in our Canadian STRs.  These reporting adjustments reflect recent changes in the structure of our company. I'll provide more detail on the impact of these changes with the discussion of each business.  In segment performance highlights, starting with Canada, underlying pretax income of $64.1 million in the first quarter was nearly 42% higher than a year ago, driven by positive net pricing and a $9 million benefit from favorable foreign exchange.  Our Canadian sales to retail, or STRs, in the first calendar quarter ended March 31st increased 2.5% versus a year ago, driven by strong growth of our strategic brands and the addition of Modelo brands to our portfolio in Western Canada.  Coors Light continues to lead strategic brand growth with a double-digit increase in the quarter. Creemore, Carling and our partner import brands also maintained their double-digit growth rates, while Rickard's grew at a high-single-digit rate. Molson Canadian experienced only a slight volume decrease compared to the prior year.  On a comparable basis, excluding the addition of Modelo brands in Western Canada, our STRs grew 0.7% year over year. Total Canadian beer industry sales to retail grew an estimated 1.3% in the calendar first quarter. Our Canada market share increased approximately one-half share point compared to prior year due to the addition of the Modelo brands in the West. Excluding the addition of the Modelo volume in the West, our first quarter Canada market share declined approximately one-quarter of one share point. Our Canada sales volume totaled 1.5 million barrels for the fiscal first quarter ended March 30th, which was a decrease of 8.6% from a year ago. This decline was attributed entirely to two factors: first, the termination of the Foster's contract resulted in a 6% decline in current year volumes; second, the elimination of Canada sales volume for Modelo products, which drove a 3% decline compared to prior year, which also included sales volume for Eastern Canada. Excluding these two factors, comparable Canadian sales volume increased slightly over prior year.  Net sales per barrel increased 6.4% in local currency, with approximately 3% of the increase driven by positive pricing. The remaining increase is due to the positive effect of the Foster's contract termination on our sales mix. Cost of goods sold per barrel increased 2% in local currency in the first quarter due to 5 percentage points of commodity inflation, partially offset by a 3 percentage point decrease from cost savings under our Resources for Growth initiatives, and we’ll talk more about that in a moment.  Marketing general & administrative expense in the quarter decreased approximately 5% in local currency due to lower overheads from cost savings initiatives and amortization expense, along with the elimination of all Modelo brand costs, which are now managed by the joint venture. These savings were partially offset by the Canada portion of accelerated expense for long-term incentives. In the U.S., we continued to drive very strong growth on both the top-line and bottom line. As a result, underlying pretax income grew 36% in the first quarter to $61.9 million. Our performance represents a significant improvement versus a year ago in our ability to convert sales momentum into earnings growth as pretax margin improved by nearly two full percentage points.  This substantial profit increase in the U.S. was the result of solid brand building and sales execution, positive pricing, volume leverage, cost reductions, and lower commodity inflation than we saw last year. The U.S. business delivered these strong results despite the accelerated expense for long-term incentives. Excluding incremental incentive costs, U.S. underlying pretax income would have increased more than 60%.  Looking at U.S. highlights, U.S. sales to retail, which includes Puerto Rico, increased 6.6% and we grew market share significantly in the first quarter. For the 50 states excluding Puerto Rico, for the 50 states sales to retail increased 7.1%. This increase was driven by mid-single-digit growth of Coors Light, and double-digit growth by Blue Moon, Keystone Light and Coors Banquet.  Each of our four largest brands achieved accelerated sales and market-share growth trends in the quarter. Equally important, the strength of our U.S. portfolio spanned the country, with sales-to-retail growth in 47 out of 50 states and in all major channels. In 15 states, our portfolio grew at double-digit rates. We also continued to expand distribution, with about 30,000 new placements of Coors, Coors Light and Keystone Light in the quarter.  U.S. volume, including Puerto Rico again, to wholesalers grew 7.4%. Net sales per barrel increased 3.4% in the first quarter, driven by 2.9 percentage points of positive net pricing, along with increased distributor fuel surcharges and new commercial sales from our U.S. can joint venture.  Cost of goods per barrel increased 1.6% in the quarter, driven by higher transportation and packaging material costs and tornado damage at our Memphis redistribution center. In addition, our Memphis redistribution center was damaged, as I say, by a tornado and that damage caused a one-time 0.7% increase to cost of goods sold per barrel. These increases were partially offset by cost savings.  U.S. marketing and G&A expense increased 9.6% in the first quarter, driven by accelerated expense from our long-term incentive plan. Our U.S. team continued to exceed its cost-reduction targets, as overall cost savings offset essentially all of the U.S. inflation in the first quarter.  Our U.K. business reported a $2.0 million pretax loss on an underlying basis. An increase in off-premise volume and supply chain savings, partially offset by higher pension costs and lower on-premise volume, drove a $700,000 improvement versus a year ago.  Our U.K. owned-brand volume increased 1% in the quarter, driven by a 17% increase in the off-premise channel. This strong volume growth was due to selective but more-visible promotional features, the Easter holiday falling in the first quarter, and customers buying in advance of a 9% increase in the beer excise tax.  On-premise volume declined approximately 8% as a result of the smoking bans enacted last year and challenging market conditions. The U.K. volume performance in the first quarter resulted in an increase in overall market share and in both the on- and off-premise channels. Net sales per barrel increased 4% in local currency, with about half due to higher pricing and half due to our acquisition of the Camerons on-premise distribution business in the middle of last year. In a challenging market, we achieved our fifth consecutive quarter of year-on-year growth in owned-brand pricing.  Cost of goods sold per barrel in local currency increased 4.6% in the first quarter, with approximately three percentage points of this change related to factored brand sales, including the Camerons acquisition. The balance of the increase was driven by higher pension costs and cost inflation, offset in part by cost savings initiatives.  Marketing, G&A expense in the U.K. increased 3.5% in local currency as a result of higher pension expense and overhead costs related to the Camerons business, again partially offset again by continued cost savings. Marketing costs were largely unchanged.  In Global Markets and Corporate, MG&A totaled $37.3 million in the first quarter, including Corporate G&A expense of $28.9 million. Corporate G&A increased about $8.3 million in the quarter, driven by higher long-term incentive plan expense this year.  Corporate net interest expense improved $2.5 million from a year ago, meaning lower, because of the debt restructurings we completed last year along with lower net debt balances this year. We achieved this reduction in net interest despite $5 million of additional interest expense due to unfavorable foreign exchange rates, primarily caused by a stronger Canadian Dollar.  The underlying loss for Global Markets and Corporate was $58.3 million pretax, which is a 13.0% increase as a result of the additional incentive plan expense in the first quarter this year, we’ve mentioned repeatedly.  Moving beyond operating performance and unit performance, our first quarter effective tax rate was negative 12% on a reported basis and positive 2% on an underlying basis. These rates are below our expected annual rate for 2008 because of the release of unrecognized tax benefits in the quarter as we closed or effectively settled some tax years.  The first quarter is generally a cash-use quarter because of the seasonality of the beer business. Free cash flow for the first quarter reflected a net cash use of $167 million, which was made up of $126 million of operating cash use, plus $28 million of proceeds from asset sales, less capital spending of $69 million. This free cash flow was $111 million improved versus the first quarter of 2007 due to higher net income and asset sales and lower capital spending this year versus last.  Total owned debt at the end of the first quarter was $1.96 billion, excluding approximately $110 million of non-owned joint venture debt. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $119 million at the end of the quarter, resulting in owned net debt of $1.84 billion.  Now I'll preface the outlook section as usual by paraphrasing our Safe Harbor language. Some of what we talk about now and in the Q&A may constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what we project today, so please refer to our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and proxy filings for a more-complete description of factors that could affect our projections.  We do not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that we may discuss during the call, please visit our website, www.molsoncoors.com, for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results.  Looking forward, we continue to anticipate 2008 corporate net interest expense of approximately $95 to $100 million on a foreign-exchange-neutral basis. This approximate $13 million reduction from last year is attributable to the debt repayments and restructurings we have undertaken in the past year to lower costs and strengthen our financial foundation. We still expect full-year 2008 corporate G&A expense of approximately $110 million, plus or minus 5%, which is in line with last year.  Turning to our effective tax rate, we currently anticipate that our full-year 2008 underlying tax rate will be in the range of 14% to 18%, and that excludes special and other one-time items, and that assumes no further changes in tax laws. With a rate of 2% in the first quarter, this implies an underlying tax rate in the range of 15% to 19% for the balance of this year. We expect our 2008 rate to be lower than our long-term range of 22% to 26% because of the release of unrecognized tax benefits in 2008.  Our capital spending outlook for 2008 remains approximately $280 million, and that excludes self-funded capital spending by our consolidated joint ventures.  We are on track to achieve our 2008 free cash flow goal of $550 million. Note also the completion of the Miller/Coors JV in the U.S. would likely change our outlook in some or all of these areas. Now, highlights of our cost-reduction initiatives, in our first quarter we captured an incremental $29 million of cost savings as part of our three-year, $250 million Resources for Growth cost reduction initiative. We are on target to achieve our 2008 goal of at least $77 million of additional cost savings and we have already delivered more than one-third of this annual goal in our first quarter. Equally important, we are confident that we will be able to achieve our goals for this 3-year program.  At this point, let me turn it back to you, Leo, for a look ahead at 2008 on our other businesses 
Leo Kiely III: Thanks, Tim. In 2008, we remain focused on building strong brands and reducing costs in each of our businesses. To keep our brand momentum going this year -- in Canada, we are building momentum in our strategic brands by rolling out innovative new packages, promotions and advertising creative in the year. Coors Light is receiving strong investment behind new ad creative and our Cold Certified campaign.  We expect the solid growth trends to continue on our super-premium owned brands -- that’s Rickard's and Creemore -- including the continuation of our highly successful national rollout of Rickard's White. We will also focus on improving the performance of our Molson trademark brands throughout 2008 by introducing new advertising and innovation for Molson Canadian, Export and Dry.  Our super-premium partner-import brands continued their double-digit organic growth in the first quarter. Our new long-term joint venture to import, distribute and market the Modelo beer portfolio across Canada further strengthens that portfolio and provides enhanced share growth opportunities for us in Western Canada.  From a trade promotion standpoint, Quebec has started the year with considerable competitive activity. We remain committed to growing our strategic brands while ensuring that our portfolio remains competitive on a market-by-market basis. In the U.S., our strong volume and share growth continues, as does our delivery of substantial cost reductions. Coors Light, Keystone Light and Blue Moon will remain our national focus brands, and we intend to continue to leverage the momentum behind Coors Banquet to further expand distribution. We are also implementing programs to improve sales trends for Killian's and Molson Canadian. Our brands are strong and primarily play in healthy segments of the U.S. beer industry.  We will continue to drive sales and profit by bringing our Rocky Mountain Cold Refreshment to more consumers and by extending our successful General Manager sales structure to the entire country by the end of this year.  Fully half of our U.S. growth last year on our largest brands was through successful increased distribution and we have plenty of headroom versus our competition to do the same again this year. We will also grow our Key Account business through increased category management for retailers, better alignment with our distributor network, and even more disciplined execution at retail.  Finally, we will continue to take a disciplined approach to pricing while building our core brand equities. In the U.K., we see 2008 as a year of two halves, with sales challenges related to the smoking bans and incremental pension expenses impacting the first half this year. In the second half, we anticipate that the smoking ban impacts will lessen as we cycle their implementation and several strategic wins will begin to improve our performance trends in the U.K. These strategic wins include the S&N contract brewing agreement, the Magners cider agreement, greater participation by our brands with major off-trade retailers, and positive pricing for our brands despite difficult industry conditions.  In addition, we continue to roll out our new cold-dispense technology for Carling with 12,000 installations in the first quarter, as well as "Cold As You Can See" thermo-chromatic packaging and our Compact Draught system.  Coors Light volume is also showing encouraging growth, driven by solid retail partnerships and an increasing consumer demand for lighter, more-refreshing beers. And finally, looking at the quarterly flow of pretax earnings, these factors yield a U.K. financial plan weighted to the back half of the year with a particularly difficult comparison expected in the second quarter.  Across the enterprise, there are a few additional considerations regarding volume for the balance of 2008. In the U.S., our sales to retail continue to be strong in the first four weeks of the second quarter, growing at a high-single-digit rate from a year ago. In 2008, our reported sales volume in Canada will be significantly affected by the termination of our Foster's U.S. production contract and the new Modelo/Molson joint venture that Tim mentioned earlier.  The termination of the Foster's contract will result in approximately four to six percentage points of lower reported sales volume in each quarter for the first three quarters of 2008. The effect in the fourth quarter of 2008 will be much smaller as we cycle the end of the contract in early October.  In addition, not reporting future sales volume of our new joint venture with Modelo will drive about three to five percentage points of lower sales volume in each quarter of 2008 versus the prior year. In Canada, our sales to retail in April, including Modelo brands for Canada, increased at a high-single-digit rate, driven by unseasonably warm weather. As always, it is difficult to call the full quarter based on only one month of results. In the U.K., we continue to face challenges from a weak economy, the impact of the credit crunch on consumer confidence, and smoking bans in England and Wales. The second quarter will also be adversely impacted by the timing of Easter and customers buying in advance of the beer excise duty increase, both of which benefited the first quarter. And In the first four weeks of the second quarter, our U.K. sales to retail have decreased at a double-digit rate from a year ago, due to difficult weather comparisons from last year and the year-over-year timing of Easter.  Regarding cost reductions, we are on track to meet or exceed our goals in 2008. Looking at the cost outlook by business, in Canada we now anticipate that our reported cost of goods per barrel will decrease at a low-single-digit rate in local currency for the full year 2008. Excluding the effect of the new Modelo/Molson joint venture, the loss of the Foster's contract, and the $8 million benefit of recycling prior-year foreign currency adjustments, we expect the cost of goods sold per barrel to increase at a low-single-digit rate. In the U.S., we continue to expect our 2008 cost of goods per barrel to increase at a low-single-digit rate. We are confident that we will meet or exceed our cost-reduction goals this year via Resources for Growth program even if the Miller/Coors joint venture is completed as expected around mid-year 2008.  We anticipate cost challenges in two main areas: first, based on the current outlook for commodities, we expect transportation and fuel costs to increase substantially in 2008, along with moderate increases in packaging material and agricultural commodity costs.  Second, we will have higher contract-packaging fees and a full year of Shenandoah brewery depreciation expense in 2008. This outlook excludes the proposed Miller/Coors joint venture. Our U.K. team will continue to attack costs and maximize the return on our production assets. We are targeting a substantial savings as part of the Resources for Growth program, driven by headcount reductions, supplier negotiations and improvements in supply chain efficiencies.  To summarize our results and our discussion today, our first quarter performance really highlights the profit and value-generation potential of this company, in effect delivering the promise of the Molson/Coors merger a little over three years ago.  We have been building competencies across the company to innovate, build brands, reduce costs to reinvest for growth, sharpen profit and cash generation disciplines, and strengthen our financial foundation.  These improvements have generated solid results in recent quarters and they show that our company is much stronger now than three years ago. Equally important, our results show that this is a business with great potential to build brands and flow profit and cash for our shareholders.  And we are not done yet -- our next step is to gain regulatory approval for our U.S. joint venture with SABMiller and then successfully integrate our respective U.S. operations. We continue to target mid-year 2008 for completion of the U.S. JV, and we will keep you informed as we make progress.  Following completion of the JV, Tim and I and the rest of the new Miller/Coors leadership team will focus on the U.S., and Molson Coors will forge ahead with a strong vision and a deep pool of talent to take the company to the next level.  We are more excited than ever about the future for the Molson Coors Brewing Company, as we strive to become a top-performing global brewer.  Now, before we start our Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment -- our prepared remarks will be on the website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time today, our Investor Relations team, led by Dave Dunnewald, will host a follow-up conference call, essentially a working session for analysts and investors who have additional questions regarding our quarterly results. That call will also be available for you to hear via webcast and recorded replay on our website. So, Matt, at this point let’s open it up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Mark Swartzberg from Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Leo or Peter, I didn’t catch if Peter was there but obviously U.S. momentum is very good here, and you mentioned the opportunity for added distribution gains. Could you be a little -- give us a little more detail on the opportunity for added distribution? And as you think of some of the markets that are doing well but not as strong as that double-digit of the 15, are there some markets that you think that are of size that have some near-term opportunity to get to that even stronger rate of growth we are seeing for those 15?
Peter Swinburn: First of all on distribution, I think we quoted a figure of about 30,000 year-to-date, which is where we are, and I think at the analyst review back in March, we said that about 50% of last year’s growth came from distribution. I’m not going to give you a [inaudible] in terms of quoting a number but suffice to say that we know AB within the competitive set of Keystone Light and Coors Light have something like 600,000 to 800,000 more placements than we do, so we see continued opportunity in the distribution both this year and going forward for our key brands.  In terms of the markets that are not in double-digit growth, you’ve really got to balance that out between percentage increase and volume momentum. And what we are really interested in is seeing good momentum in all of our markets and looking to gain share in all of our markets. And presently, we are doing really well on that front. So it really is a -- it’s a market by market share gain that we are looking for and as I said, we are doing very well on all of those fronts and across all of the channels as well. So hopefully that gives you the answer you required. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, very helpful. Thank you, Peter. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony [Bucalla] from Credit Suisse.
Anthony Bucalla - Credit Suisse: The question is for Peter, along a similar line as Mark’s question -- you said you had 15 states where you had double-digit growth in the brand portfolio, correct?
Peter Swinburn: Correct. 
Anthony Bucalla - Credit Suisse: Are those states where you are traditionally strong or are they states where you are generally under-indexed relative to your national share?
Peter Swinburn: It’s a complete mix. 
Anthony Bucalla - Credit Suisse: Any more detail than that?
Peter Swinburn: Well, really no, I mean, without giving you market by market exactly what we are doing. We are performing very well in some markets in the east coast, where you know we are traditionally strong. We are performing exceptionally well in some places in the central part of the Midwest and also in the west, so it is -- in the west, we’re strong as well. In the Midwest, historically we’ve not been as strong. So it is a complete mix. I’m not trying to avoid the question. 
Timothy V. Wolf: Just to follow on, I mean, think about the math of what Peter is talking about. For 47 out of 50 states, on average to pull through 7.1% growth -- now again, this is just the 50 states excluding Puerto Rico, you’ve got to have a very, very healthy and right skewed distribution, right? I mean so -- we can talk about angels on a pinhead in terms of which states do what but the overall distribution of those 47 states is very, very healthy around that 7%. Some were a little bit lower, but not a lot lower, and you have a full one-third of those 47 states operating above 10%.  So just a really, really strong portfolio, if you will, of states. 
Anthony Bucalla - Credit Suisse: So there is no one particular state that you would highlight as a strong market -- it’s sort of a portfolio?
Timothy V. Wolf: I think that’s what Peter is saying, yeah. 
Anthony Bucalla - Credit Suisse: Okay, and just a quick question for Tim -- it looks like there may be some rules changes as it pertains to convertible debt, some accounting changes. What do you expect to see in your P&L next year if you are in a position to do some gymnastics on that?
Timothy V. Wolf: Our friends at FASB are always at work on our behalf. If indeed that happens, and it looks like it will, that amortization of the as if interest expense would impact the expense line. Understand that it is non-cash; understand it doesn’t affect the fundamental economics and the wisdom retrospectively and prospectively of us having done that financing, and so yeah, from an accounting basis, it would be a hit to the P&L but nothing of any significance. 
Anthony Bucalla - Credit Suisse: Okay, so you are not expecting to give any sort of guidance on how to account for this in the P&L next year?
Timothy V. Wolf: No, I mean we’ll -- as we finish up this year and we look at our plans for 2009, we’ll be happy to do that and the reason why it makes no sense to do that now is I think we’d want to see where our cash balances are, toward the end of this year we want to see what investment rates on invested cash look like. I think it would be premature to give you a number but again, I think the most important point, with great respect to the accounting, this won’t affect the fundamental economics of that really good financing. 
Anthony Bucalla - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you very much and congratulations on a good quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Banc of America. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Good morning, guys. Just a couple of questions -- first, in the U.K. you talked a bit about the impact of the smoking bans and I guess Leo, can you just talk a little bit about -- has the U.K. reacted -- has the lag or the time it’s taken for demand to normalize been a little bit longer for some reason in the U.K. than you’ve seen in some other markets? 
Leo Kiely III: That’s really hard to compare. I think we are right in the middle of it in the U.K. and we’ve seen tremendous variability within state to state within the United States and we are seeing that in Canada. But Mark, I think you can give some perspective within the U.K. markets. 
Mark Hunter: Really just to build on Leo’s point, there’s a number of things which are impacting the U.K. market performance. The smoking ban is one. As we come out of the first quarter of this year, the timing of Easter and obviously the magnitude of the excise duty increase that the government imposed, so all of those things are in the mix, so it is very difficult to call.  Our assessment is that particularly within on-premise, the underlying rate of decline of the market, which had been running at around about 4% or 5% has increased by two to three percentage points, so the market has been running at around about 8%. But it is really going to be August/September of this year before we start to see probably the new base for in particular the on-premise and the beer industry. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: And Mark, on the excise tax increase, has most of that been passed through? Have retailers passed that through to consumers directly?
Mark Hunter: I can’t talk for what everybody has done but certainly at the Coors business in the U.K., that excise increase has been passed through to all of our customers. Those customers will then decide how they want to deal with that within their premises but we are certainly seeing -- we certainly saw pricing appear to harden within the off-premise channel. It looks like it’s got a little bit competitive again in the last couple of weeks. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Okay, and then Leo and Tim, just as you hopefully will begin spending most of your time focused on the U.S., you know, it’s been probably 30 years since you’ve seen an environment that has been this inflationary, especially harsh on wholesalers, given where fuel costs are. Can you talk a little bit about how the -- just the longevity, the length of this inflationary environment, what toll you think it’s taking on wholesalers right now, and do you suspect or do you think that it is going to drive maybe further consolidation of the wholesaler tier or cause some other changes to the way wholesalers approach the business, just given their costs have been rebased so much higher in the last two years. 
Leo Kiely III: There’s no doubt this is a significant impact on our wholesalers but you know, the wholesalers are resilient characters as well, however. And I think this will inevitably bring pressure, continued pressure, I’m not sure increase but continued pressure, on consolidation at the wholesale level. You know, something we believed for a long time is that well-resourced and obviously well-managed wholesalers are real assets to all brewers and in our sense, that’s why we’ve been pro-consolidation for probably the past 10 or 12 years.  Some escalation of the pressure there but I don’t -- frankly, I don’t see anything way unusual about the wholesaler reaction in this environment right now. They are hunkering down and have an incentive to sell more beer. 
Timothy V. Wolf: Bryan, I guess the other thing I might add is obviously our JV is not being formed because of inflation, but it could not happen at a better time because by bringing two great companies together and in effect reducing distance traveled from brewery to market, it will decline by about a third, a little less than a third for all Miller products, all Coors products. We are going to do everything we can to reduce the costs that either of the companies separate would have incurred. That’s call synergies, right? So we are going to be hard about that work and our objective will be to meet or exceed the committed $500 million of synergies and that couldn’t happen at a better time. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Hi, everyone. Leo, a couple of questions on the JV, I’m just wondering if you have any update on the timing of when you would expect a decision from the DOJ? I think there is a lot of chatter out there that we could get a decision by the end of this month. So I’m wondering if you have any clarity on the timing. 
Leo Kiely III: No, we are smack in the middle of the process, Judy. Very few tea leaves to read. As we’ve reported before, we anticipate clearance in the middle of the year and I would say we are still there. Meanwhile, we are doing everything possible we can to get off to a fast start within the guidelines of what are appropriate and frankly staying very focused on selling beer.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then with both you and Tim moving over to the JV, I’m just wondering if there is anything to read in terms of the future corporate structure in thinking about the Coors management really moving over to the new JV and you are left with Molson Coors management that has -- I’m just wondering if there is anything to read in terms of both you and Tim moving over to the JV. 
Leo Kiely III: No, I don’t think so at all, Judy. Look, we’ve -- in many ways, this merger of Miller and Coors in the U.S. is delivering the strategy we set out three years ago for Molson Coors. And you know we said that our first priority was really to firm up the performance in our core markets so that we could take Molson Coors on to the destiny we believed at the time of the merger.  Frankly, I think we’ve got a terrific management team here and our depth of management is very good. We have a robust succession process with our board, so I think the baton pass here is going to be very clean and just very excited about the future of Molson Coors. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then Tim, I have a question on where you are on your decision of using the step-up in the free cash flow this year. I know at the analyst meeting you wanted to get a little bit more clarity in terms of the CapEx requirement for the JV. I’m wondering if you’ve finalized that number and at this point we’re closer to getting some kind of an announcement on the use of cash .
Timothy V. Wolf: Judy, thanks for the question. I am astounded I got the question. I’m just kidding. No, you were kind to raise it and I don’t have an update for you today. Needless to say we have traveled further in time so we’ve got more clarity than obviously we did at the beginning of March. We are still working it and we will continue to have the conversation with our management team and our board and certainly are very sensitive to and aware of the sort of issues that you and others have raised, and we’ll continue to work it here and if and when we have a decision, we will certainly communicate it in a timely fashion. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: And then my last question for Kevin -- if you look at Canada, the FTR excluding Modelo was up 0.7%. You talked about losing a little bit of share in the first quarter, as well as a step-up in competitive activity in Quebec. Can you just talk about that and how that sort of translated into your share performance in the first quarter and how we should think about your share trends for the balance of the year?
Kevin T. Boyce: If you look at historically we’ve spent a lot of time talking about Ontario, so I’ll just start there, where we had less activity in terms of discounting and absolute number of activations, if you like, or weeks on sale this year versus last year. Quite a substantial reduction, actually, so we are very encouraged in Ontario by our share performance and nationally, when you look at it, considering the amount of pricing that we got to hold relative to the discounting in the marketplace, we actually think it’s a good tribute to the strength of our brands.  What you are seeing in Quebec is our major competitor has actually increased their discounting in the first quarter and that continues into the second quarter in the face of some share losses they’ve experienced. We’ll obviously continue to intelligently drive our strategic brand growth and react on a market-by-market basis. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and just clarification -- you said revenue per barrel was up 6.4% in Canada?
Kevin T. Boyce: Correct. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: And how much of that was mix versus -- 
Kevin T. Boyce: About half of it is pricing and about half of it is really the change in the Fosters business, if you like, and the fact that we no longer have it, which was a negative impact on NSR. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Three points of pricing, that includes also the mix benefit from the growth of the import portfolio as well?
Kevin T. Boyce: Most of it is pricing, so the vast, vast majority of that 3% is pricing. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Thanks a lot, guys. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Christine Farkas from Merrill Lynch.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone. Keeping with Canada just for a second, Kevin, given the economy and given the discounting that you are seeing in Canada, can you add a little bit of color on whether or not there are now category -- or are there any category mix shifts going on? It sounded like it improved in ’07. Are you seeing a reversal of that trend to value?
Kevin T. Boyce: No, actually the value segment -- and part of it is probably the way that we look at the value segment, it’s brands at their normal price, so if you discount say a Canadian into a lower price, we still consider it a premium business, if you like. But the value segment continues to decline on a national basis and we have seen some resurgence of the premium segment as they’ve been a little bit keener in pricing.  So I think what you’ve seen in the first quarter was pretty predictable. It’s a little bit of jockeying as the companies are trying to figure out what’s going to happen the rest of the year.  I would say compared to previous year across the country, price increases have come a little bit earlier. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great, and then moving to the U.S., again with the economy, can you talk maybe a little bit, Peter, about the trends in the C stores or on-premise here -- has there been any acceleration in that traffic, or deceleration in that traffic?
Peter Swinburn: Sure, Christine. Two sort of answers -- first of all, as far at the overall industry is concerned, then yes, we have seen -- we’ve seen a downturn in the on-premise, which has been probably the most significant change. No other real significant movements. As far as we are concerned, we’ve not really experienced any change in our trends from last year. We continue to have quite a strong showing in all channels, specifically in drugstore and convenience and specifically in the restaurant channel in the on-tray, so our on-tray business continues to do well.  If you look at our individual brands, we are not seeing any significant changes within those brands either, so Keystone Light continues to grow at double-digit rates, which is very much in line with where it was last year. Coors light continues to be strong and certainly hasn’t come off last year’s momentum. And at the other end of the spectrum, Blue Moon again is still in high-double-digits, so we are not really seeing anything within our brands that would suggest either trading out or trading down. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: And then if you were to extrapolate or isolate the distribution gains in your brand, and you look at really just the core brands year-over-year or apples-to-apples basis, would you similarly that the growth is very much intact there across channel?
Peter Swinburn: Yeah, we are seeing velocity -- I mean a come-back to the on-premise and we are seeing significant distribution growth but in the quarter, we also saw velocity growth for all our brands, including Coors Light and for Coors Light, that was the first velocity growth that we’ve seen for the last eight quarters. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And then a couple of questions for Tim -- the accelerated long-term incentive expenses, could you split that for us? Was it just in the U.S. and global or did that hit all segments?
Timothy V. Wolf: No, it hit all segments. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: And would you have a dollar amount just roughly of the $25 million how much of that was in the U.S.?
Timothy V. Wolf: The U.S. was about half of it. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Half, and would you -- based on your comments, it sounds like there is more of this to come in the remaining quarters of ’08, did I hear you correctly?
Timothy V. Wolf: No, we are done with this multi-year program and my anticipation, and Leo can probably handle this better than I, but is the Molson Coors comp committee would probably be inclined to begin another cycle but I don’t think we’ve got detail on what that’s going to look like. But again, if you go back in time three years ago, we anticipated that this very tough target would take circa three, four plus years to achieve. And originally we thought this would be achieved maybe in mid late ’09 and as our businesses have gotten stronger and stronger, we’ve taken costs out, our momentum has accelerated, we realized that we would be hitting it in this quarter, which we did, and so that pushed basically three to four quarters worth of expense into this first quarter.  So for this program, no more this year. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, that’s done. And then finally in Canada, that JV equity income now, can you just remind us, the volumes come out of your top line but the JV equity income, that comes in through your operating income in Canada or other income -- where does that come in?
Kevin T. Boyce: It comes in operating income and the cost of goods. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: And the cost of goods? 
Kevin T. Boyce: In the cost of goods, yeah. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay. 
Leo Kiely III: Essentially it’s in the margin. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then just a clarification, Tim, in terms of the buy-back plans or potential buy-back plans for Molson Coors; are you essentially waiting for the Miller Coors venture to be approved and looking at your overall statements before making a decision, or could this be a separate decision for your board?
Timothy V. Wolf: No update right now. I mean, we’ve gotten some of the markers that we said we wanted to collect in March in terms of CapEx spending and overall cash performance. I think we are on track with our analysis but we have some more bases to touch before we take a decision. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala from UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Thanks. Good afternoon, everybody. The first question, I think I just missed it but Leo, did you give an update on April STRs for the U.S.?
Leo Kiely III: I did. Tim, what was that number?
Timothy V. Wolf: The U.S. number was a high-single-digit. 
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Okay, thanks. And then the next question on the distribution increases, was there a period of time last year, maybe a quarter, where distribution really started to accelerate? And mainly I’m asking to see if we are going to come into a period where you start to lap that and it’s difficult to get incremental distribution from that point forward. 
Peter Swinburn: The distribution gains for last year were probably -- yeah, they were weighted, sorry, not probably -- they were weighted into the second and third quarters, so in terms of lapping those, yes we are but I would still come back to the main point I made earlier, and that is that there’s really significant headroom for us in terms of distribution compared to the competitive set certainly if you use Anheuser-Busch as the main driver of distribution in their brands. So we’ve got plenty of headroom so lapping really isn’t an issue for us. There’s lots for us to go for. 
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Okay, and then maybe if you could help us a little bit on what’s behind the distribution gains. Is it that the key account program is now three years -- you know, it’s been about three years and it’s got some momentum? Or is it that the brands are very strong in a few regions and then other regions are picking it up? Could you maybe help us with what’s behind -- 
Peter Swinburn: Sure I can and the latter point is probably the correct one. It’s not isolated to certain channels or certain geographies. This is happening right across the piece, so yes, our national account structure that we put in some years ago is really beginning to gain momentum now but equally, the brands -- and I think we quoted it in the release that we gave you -- over 90% of our portfolio is growing, so when you’ve got momentum like that, gaining distribution with retailers becomes much easier, confidence in the distributors to put these brands into distribution, new SKUs into distribution is really high because they are not concerned about having to pick it up at a later date.  So we really are increasing distribution across geographies and channels and brands. 
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Okay, great. And then last thing for the U.S. and for Canada, if you could give us your views on the consumer and how you feel about the price increases that have gone through and whether the consumer can handle it, given what we are hearing related to the economy. 
Peter Swinburn: I’ll take it first, if you like. I can only tell you where we are. I mean, you’ve seen our net sales revenue figures and you’ve seen what portion of that is pricing that’s gone into the market and you’ve seen our volume sales. So I think really that answers the question. 
Kevin T. Boyce: I think from our standpoint, we did take pricing, as I mentioned earlier, earlier in the year than perhaps previous years. There’s been a lot of reports in newspapers about some of the brewers, particularly the small brewers, facing increased pressure. I think right now, the pricing that has gone into the marketplace has been relatively well-received. The economy is slowing a touch but I still think the Canadian economy is in pretty good shape, so we are confident with the position we are in. 
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Okay. Thank you, everybody. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Gentlemen, I’m showing no further questions. 
Leo Kiely III: That’s great, Matt. Thanks for being with us, everybody, today and we’ll be back with further announcements when we’ve got them and if not before, we’ll talk to you at the end of the quarter. But have a nice week, everybody. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-12 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Leo Kiely III - Chief Executive Officer, Director; CEO of Coors Brewing unit Timothy V. Wolf - Global Chief Financial Officer Kevin T. Boyce - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada Peter Swinburn - President, Chief Executive Officer of Coors Brewing Company
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs Joe Herak - Guttermer Research Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2007 fourth quarter and year-end earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Leo Kiely, President and Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Brewing Company. Sir, you may begin. 
Leo Kiely III: Thanks, Matt. Hello and welcome, everybody. Thanks for joining us today. With me on the call today are Tim Wolf, our global CFO; Kevin Boyce, President of Molson Canada; Peter Swinburn, CEO of Coors Brewing Company; Mark Hunter, CEO of Coors Brewers Limited; Sam Walker, our Chief Legal Officer; Mike Gannon, global Treasurer; Marty Miller, Global Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Vice President of Investor Relations.  This morning Tim and I will take you through some highlights of the fourth quarter and full year 2007 results for the Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some initial perspective on 2008 and then we’ll open it up for questions. In 2007, despite significant competitive and cost inflation challenges in each of our markets, our company results showed the value of building brands, reducing costs, and staying keenly focused. Equally important, we continue to deliver on the promise of the Molson Coors merger three years ago. For the second consecutive year, we achieved solid top line momentum and substantial cost reductions that exceeded our goals and double-digit earnings growth.  So let’s review some highlights for 2007. At the global level, we grew Coors Light comparable sales to retail nearly 4% globally for the full year 2007 and more than 5% on the second half.  We achieved net sales growth of nearly 6% in 2007, driven by brand strength, positive pricing, and the benefit of favorable foreign currency.  We grew net pricing in all three of our businesses on the strength of our brands and the discipline of our sales teams.  We kicked off our next generation resources for growth cost reduction program early in the year and wrapped up our original three-year merger synergies program at the end of 2007.  For both programs, we exceeded our 2007 financial goals. Across the company, we captured more than $146 million of cost reductions, including $55 million of merger synergies and $91 million of resources for growth cost savings in the year.  The success of these cost reduction programs allowed us to offset more than 80% of the $175 million of cost inflation that challenged our company in 2007, including more than $120 million of commodity and other inflation in the U.S. business alone.  We continue to invest at the high level in our brands and sales capability in each of our businesses. We generated $226 million of free cash flow in 2007 despite the need to fund more than $250 million of one-time cash uses.  We strengthened our financial foundation and reduced interest and other non-operating expenses more than $26 million annually by refinancing more than a fourth of our debt, making substantial voluntary pension contributions and streamlining our corporate legal structure.  Excluding special and other one-time items in both years, we grew 2007 consolidated income from continuing operations 40% to $507 million after tax. This increase was driven by our strategic brand growth, positive pricing and cost initiatives, as well as favorable currency movements and a lower tax rate.  In the U.S., we are seeing the results of more than two years of focused work to transform the front-end of the business and reduce costs. In 2007, our team stayed focused and achieved very strong sales to retail and market share growth on each of our four largest brands.  For our U.S. portfolio -- excuse me, our U.S. portfolio also showed broad-based strength by growing sales to retail in 45 out of 50 states and all major channels. As a result, we grew market share in the U.S. at an accelerating pace in 2007. We reduced transportation and other costs and improved service to our East Coast customers by opening up our new brewery in Virginia, and we developed plans to make our U.S. business even more competitive by announcing an agreement with SABMiller to merger our U.S. operations into a joint venture and capture $500 million of cost reductions over three years. This deal also offers substantial growth benefits and represents potentially the biggest value driving deal in global beer today.  In Canada, our team continued to make significant progress against our commitments from the merger three years ago, including accelerating volume growth and balance share and pricing priorities. In 2007, our team gained market share on a full-year basis for the first time in six years and only the second time in 17 years, driven by Coors Light and our other strategic brands. At the same time, we continued to strategically increase net pricing in a very competitive market, based on the growing strength of our brands.  An important achievement for future growth was the team’s success in securing new relationships with each of our major partner brands in Canada for the long haul. These relationships give our Canadian business the three largest import brands, Corona, Heineken, and MGD, and the broadest portfolio in that market.  We reduced cost and improved access to the Canadian maritime markets by closing our brewery in Edmonton, Alberta and opening a new brewery in Moncton, New Brunswick.  In Europe, our team continued to make the best of a very challenging competitive environment by building strong brands and growing pricing and profit. In 2007, our Europe team grew net pricing for the first time in three years and increased operating profit for the second consecutive year by staying focused and disciplined at retail, by building our strategic brands, and by reducing costs aggressively.  These results represent a substantial achievement in the U.K. market that faced smoking bans, weak consumer spending, and record-breaking wet weather, which resulted in a volume decline of approximately 4% for the industry in 2007.  So in total, we are pleased with the progress of Molson Coors Brewing Company and what we achieved in the past year in both top line and bottom line growth, as well as in strengthening the company’s financial foundation and competitive position.  So at this point I will turn it over to Tim to review fourth quarter financial highlights and trends and then we’ll provide some perspective on 2008, so Timothy. 
Timothy V. Wolf: Thanks, Leo and hello, everybody. I will start with fourth quarter financial highlights. In the last quarter of 2007, each of our businesses faced difficult competitive conditions and cost inflation, as well as cycling the 53rd week in the fiscal 2006 calendar. Still, our company maintained momentum to grow net sales and gross profit and reduced cost, which allowed us to invest in our brands and grow total company operating income and after-tax earnings strongly in the fourth quarter, as we detailed in our earnings release earlier today.  On the bottom line, we achieved income from continuing operations of $133 million, or $0.73 per diluted share in the fourth quarter, and this is up 23.6% from a year ago excluding special and other one-time items.  Foreign exchange movements increased our total company pretax profit by approximately $12 million in the fourth quarter, excluding special and other one-time items, driven by the appreciation of the Canadian dollar and the British Pound versus the U.S. dollar.  On the other hand, cycling the additional week in our 2006 fiscal calendar reduced fourth quarter pretax profit this year by approximately $6 million and reported sales volume by about 600,000 barrels.  These results exclude one-time tax rate benefits in the fourth quarter this year, restructuring and brewery closure costs in Europe and Canada, as well as expenses related to our proposed U.S. joint venture. These adjustments are described in more detail in the earnings release, news release we had distributed this morning. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial results we share with you today will be in U.S. dollars.  In segment performance highlights, starting with Canada, pretax income of $129.6 million excluding special charges in the fourth quarter was 2.9% lower than the year ago. The decline was driven by the impact of the additional week of sales in the prior year and higher cost of goods per barrel, which was largely offset by positive net pricing and $18 million benefit from favorable foreign currency.  Our Canada sales to retail, or STRs, for the fourth calendar quarter ended December 31st increased seven-tenths of 1% versus a year ago, driven by mid-single-digit growth of our strategic brands, which account for more than 85% of our total volume.  Coors Light continues to fuel this growth by posting a high-single-digit increase in the quarter while Rickard’s, Creemore, Carling and our partner import brands all grew at double-digit rates. Molson Canadian experienced a mid-single-digit volume decline in the fourth quarter.  Total Canadian beer industry sales to retail grew an estimated eight-tenths of 1% in the calendar fourth quarter, resulting in a very slight market share decline for our Canada business compared to prior year, as we ran fewer price promotions on our strategic brands than some of our competitors.  For the full calendar year, we grew share slightly in the Canada market, driven by share growth over the key summer selling period on the strength of our strategic brands. Our Canada sales volume totaled 1.9 million barrels for the fiscal fourth quarter ended December 30th, which is a decrease of 3.8% from a year ago excluding 130,000 barrels of sales volume in the 53rd week in our fiscal 2006 calendar.  This decline was entirely due to the termination of our Foster’s U.S. production contract earlier in the fourth quarter, partially offset by a slight increase in our Canada market sales volume.  Net sales per barrel increased 4.5% local currency, driven by positive net pricing and increased sales mix toward higher revenue-per-barrel products. Net pricing contributed half of this increase as we benefited from selective price increases over the past year and less price discounting in Ontario. The remainder of the increase was due to improved sales mix in the quarter, driven by the termination of our low revenue-per-barrel Foster’s U.S. production contract.  The cost of goods sold per barrel increased approximately 11% in local currency in the fourth quarter. The majority of the increase was again due to the termination of the Foster’s U.S.A. production contract, a shift in sales mix to partner import brands, and a favorable currency adjustment of $4 million in the prior year. The remaining cost of goods sold per barrel increase was limited to a 3% increase due to inflation and other costs, partially offset by cost reduction initiatives.  Marketing, general administrative expense in the quarter decreased approximately 7% in local currency, driven by cost reduction initiatives implemented in the year and lower overhead expenses, including lower non-cash amortization.  For our U.S. business, fourth quarter pretax income was up $71.5 million, up 39.7% excluding special items this year. This increase was driven by sales volume growth, higher net pricing and continued savings from our operations cost initiatives, offset by continued inflation and key commodities and transportation costs.  Recall that we’re cycling the 53rd week in our fiscal 2006 calendar, which added about 330,000 barrels to U.S. sales volumes and was approximately break-even in profit.  So looking at U.S. highlights, sales to retail in the 50 states U.S. increased 6.2% on a comparable basis and we accelerated our market share growth in the fourth quarter. This increase was driven by mid-single-digit growth for Coors Light, which achieved its 11th consecutive quarter of growth, along with strong double-digit growth of Blue Moon and low-double-digit growth of Keystone Light. Coors Banquet accelerated its turnaround momentum in the fourth quarter by growing at a low-double-digit rate.  U.S. volume to wholesalers grew 2.0% due to strong sales-to-retail growth offset by cycling the 53rd week in 2006. Without the impact of the extra week in 2006, shipments increased 8.1% in the fourth quarter.  U.S. net sales per barrel increased 2.1% in the fourth quarter, driven by higher frontline pricing. Cost of goods per barrel increased 2.0% in the quarter, driven by higher commodity, transportation, and packaging material costs, which were partially offset by over $20 million of cost-saving initiatives and lower depreciation expense. Our operations cost savings in the fourth quarter offset about two-thirds of our U.S. cost-of-goods inflation.  On a full year basis, our cost of goods per barrel increased nine-tenths of 1%, driven by more than $120 million of cost inflation. Nearly two-thirds of this inflation was offset by our merger synergies and other operation cost reduction initiatives.  U.S. marketing and general administrative decreased 6.1% in the fourth quarter, driven by year-over-year timing differences in marketing expense.  Our Europe business fourth quarter pretax income was $38.1 million excluding special items, which is an increase of 17.9% from a year ago, driven by higher revenue per barrel, savings in general administrative expense, and $2 million of favorable foreign exchange.  These factors were partly offset by the negative impact of lower volumes as a result of recently enacted smoking bans along with weak consumer spending. Year-over-year results, the comparisons are also affected by the additional week in our fiscal 2006, which include volume of about 140,000 barrels and a pretax loss of $1 million in our 2006 fourth quarter results.  Our Europe owned brand volumes decreased 10.7% on a reported 13-week versus 14-week basis. Excluding the additional week, volume decreased by 6.0%, reflecting a weak on-premise market in the U.K., aggravated by the smoking bans implemented earlier in the year.  In this difficult trading environment, our market share in the quarter declined slightly versus prior year.  Our Europe net revenue per barrel in local currency increased by 6% in the fourth quarter, with approximately four percentage points of this change related to non-owned factory brands that we deliver to retail, driven by our acquisition of the Cameron’s on-premise distribution business early in the third quarter.  The addition of this business will raise our Europe net sales per barrel and cost of goods per barrel several percentage points for the next year, due to a step up in our factory brand sales.  U.K. owned brand net revenue per barrel in local currency increased nearly 3% in the fourth quarter as a result of higher pricing, mainly in the on-premise channel. This represents our fourth consecutive quarter of year-on-year growth in owned brand pricing. Total Europe cost of goods sold per barrel in local currency increased by 5% in the fourth quarter, with all this change related to factory brand sales, including Cameron’s.  Cost of goods sold for our U.K. owned brands per barrel was relatively flat year-on-year in local currency, with increases driven by cost inflation and fixed cost deleverage as a result of lower volumes, offset by cost savings.  Marketing, general and administrative expense in the U.K. decreased approximately 13% in local currency, as a result of continued aggressive cost control and lower expenses related to cycling the additional week in 2006.  Moving beyond operating business unit performance, our fourth quarter effective tax rate was negative 15% on a reported basis and positive 24% excluding special and other one-time items. The $50.4 million one-tax tax benefit in the quarter resulted primarily from a 3.5 percentage point reduction in the Canada corporate income tax rate to be phased in through 2012, along with a one-time U.K. tax benefit.  Free cash flow for 2007 totaled approximately $226 million, which was made up of $616 million of operating cash flow plus $38 million of proceeds from asset sales minus capital spending of $428 million.  Recall that our 2007 free cash flow was reduced by several significant non-recurring events totaling about $250 million this year. These include the net effects of buying back our U.K. kegs, additional CapEx to complete two new breweries, premiums to repurchase debt, and voluntary pension contributions partially offset by non-strategic asset sales.  Total owned debt at the end of the fourth quarter was $2.15 billion, excluding approximately $113 million of non-owned joint venture debt. Cash and cash equivalents totaled $377 million at the end of the quarter, resulting in owned net debt of $1.78 billion. We will use a portion of the cash on hand to buy back up to $225 million of our 2012 senior notes during this month.  Now I’ll preface the outlook session as usual by paraphrasing our Safe Harbor language -- some of what we talk about now and in the Q&A may constitute forward-looking statements. Our actual results could differ materially from what we project today so please refer to our most recent 10-K, 10-Q, and proxy filings for a more complete description of the factors that could affect our projections.  We do not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Regarding any U.S. GAAP measures that we may discuss during the call, please visit our website, www.molsoncoors.com, for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results.  Looking forward, we anticipate 2008 corporate net interest expense of approximately $95 million to $100 million on a foreign exchange neutral basis. This $13 million reduction from last year -- this roughly $13 million reduction from last year is attributable to the debt repayments and restructurings we’ve undertaken in the past year to strengthen our financial foundation, partially offset by the higher interest costs of a stronger Canadian dollar.  We plan full year 2008 corporate general administrative expense of approximately $110 million plus or minus $5 million, which is in line with 2007. Note that about one-fifth of this total expense is related to projects for our resources for growth cost reduction programs.  Turning to our effective tax rate, we anticipate that our full year 2008 rate will be in the range of 10% to 15%, excluding special and other one-time items and assuming no further changes in tax laws.  We expect our 2008 rate to be lower than our long-term range of 22% to 27% because of the release of unrecognized tax benefits this year. Note that the settlement of additional open tax years or passage of tax legislation in Canada could indeed alter our tax rate outlook.  Our capital spending outlook for this year is approximately $280 million, excluding self-funded capital spending by consolidated joint ventures. Note that the completion of the Miller Coors joint venture in the U.S. could change this outlook.  Our view of 2008 free cash flow remains approximately $550 million, plus or minus 10%. Formation of the U.S. JV again would also affect this outlook as we plan to hit the ground running following completion of the transaction, which we anticipate could be around mid-year 2008.  Now, highlights of our cost reduction initiatives -- first, we over-delivered against our three-year, $175 million merger synergies target and wrapped up this program with $180 million of savings delivered, including an incremental $5 million of merger-related synergies in 2007.  Second, we are already ahead of schedule on our three-year, $250 million resources for growth cost reduction initiatives. We’ve achieved $91 million of savings during 2007, which is the first year of this program, which is $25 million more than the initial 2007 target we shared a year ago. We exceeded our first-year cost target by more than 37% by accelerating a number of our cost reduction programs, particularly in our North American supply chain. Combining both cost reduction programs, we have captured $146 million in total 2007 cost savings.  For 2008, we continue to target an incremental $77 million of cost reductions from the resources for growth programs. Regardless of when the U.S. JV might be completed, we intend to capture these cost savings and the JV will provide substantial additional savings beyond our existing resources for growth program.  At this point, I’ll turn it back over to Leo for a look ahead to 2008 for our other businesses. Leo. 
Leo Kiely III: Thanks, Tim. In 2008 we remain focused on building strong brands and reducing costs in each of our businesses, and we’ve ended the new year with encouraging momentum. Our strategic brands in Canada are building volume momentum and taking share. In the U.S., we have strong and broad volume and market share momentum on our four largest brands.  We are holding the line on pricing in Europe and helping our retail customers work through the smoking bans and in all three of our businesses, the strength of our brands is supporting positive pricing and cost reductions are providing resources to offset inflation and grow our business.  To keep this momentum rolling in 2008, in Canada we’ll continue to build on the momentum of our strategic brands, where we’ve experienced strong volume growth. We’ll continue to bring innovation to the market in new packages, promotions, and advertising platforms, including the cold certified can for Coors Light and new advertising creative for all the Molson brands that will launch and evolve in 2008.  We’ll continue to build on our super premium portfolio of owned and partner brands through new programming and unique SKUs, leveraging the double-digit growth of these brands in 2007.  The most recent example of our efforts in this critical segment is our new long-term joint venture with Grupo Modelo effective at the beginning of this year, to import and distribute and market the Modelo beer portfolio across Canada. The joint venture builds on the previous successful relationship we have with Modelo as we now pick up these super premium brands for our portfolio in the Western Provinces.  In the U.S., we are staying focused in 2008 on maintaining our strong volume and share momentum while continuing to aggressively reduce costs. Coors Light, Keystone, and Blue Moon will remain our primary focus in 2008, along with maintaining strong momentum behind the Coors Banquet brand. We also have designed initiatives to improve sales trends for Killian’s and Molson Canadian.  In 2008, we’ll continue to drive sales by increasing our marketing and sales spending at a mid-single-digit rate, growing our retail key account business to increase distribution, and becoming better aligned with our distributor network by pushing accountability for profitable brand growth to our local levels.  We will drive sustainable volume and profit growth by continuing to make a disciplined approach in both front-end pricing and discounting, while continuing to build our core brand equities which, as you know, for Coors Light is all about Rocky Mountain cold refreshment.  Turning to Europe, in addition to strong marketing investment behind Carling, we’ll continue the relaunch of Coors Light. We’ve recently secured distribution for Coors Light in J.D. Witherspoon, a major on-premise customer and a particularly attractive venue for building a brand loyalty among our core consumers.  We’ll also continue to roll out our new cold dispense technology in distinctive above-bar fonts, which support our whole portfolio via cold positioning and modern brand representation. We completed 46,000 installations in 2007 and plan to install another 40,000 in 2008.  We expect that our new Carling distribution contract with Marstons, a major on-premise customer, will drive market share in the important on-premise channel for 2008.  In 2008, there are a few additional considerations regarding volume. In Canada, our sales to retail in January have increased at a low-single-digit rate on a comparable basis, though as always it’s hard to call a full quarter based on only a month of results.  With the termination of Foster’s U.S. production contract in the fourth quarter of last year, we expect Canadian sales volume to be lower in the first three quarters of 2008 compared to 2007. The loss of this contract will result in lower reported sales volume but will have no impact on sales to retail.  The Foster’s termination will also increase net sales per barrel as well as cost of goods per barrel over the next three quarters, due to lower fixed cost leverage on lower production volumes.  We continued our solid momentum in the U.S. to start the first quarter. Overall in the first five weeks of the first quarter, our 50-state U.S. sales to retail grew at a high-single-digit rate from a year ago. In Puerto Rico, we expect continued challenging economic conditions to impact our volume trends.  Based on the particularly strong volume momentum of our largest brands in the past several months, we expect our distributors to build their inventories approximately 180,000 barrels more in the first quarter this year than a year ago as they prepare for peak season. This will benefit our U.S. volume and financial results in the first quarter versus last year.  In Europe we continue to face challenges from a weak U.K. economy, a highly competitive industry and the smoking bans in England and Wales, which will not cycle until July of this year.  In the first six weeks of the first quarter, Europe sales to retail decreased at a mid-single-digit rate from a year ago.  Regarding cost reductions, our teams exceeded their goals in 2007 and are striving to repeat this accomplishment in 2008. Looking at the cost outlook by business, in Canada we anticipate that our reported cost of goods per barrel will increase at a mid-single-digit rate in local currency for the full year 2008. But if you exclude the mix impacts from increased partner import volume and lower contract brewing volume, we expect costs of goods sold per barrel to increase at a low-single-digit rate.  In the U.S., we currently expect our 2008 cost of goods per barrel to increase at a low-single-digit rate as well. We are confident that we will meet or exceed our cost reduction goals this year via the resources for growth program, which continues to be a top priority because we anticipate cost challenges again in two major areas.  First, based on the current outlook for commodities and other inputs, we expect transportation and fuel costs to increase significantly in the year, along with moderate increases in packaging costs.  Second, we’ll have higher contract packaging fees and a full year of Shenandoah brewery depreciation expense in 2008.  This outlook excludes the proposed Miller/Coors joint venture which would accelerate our potential cost savings in the U.S.  In Europe, the team will continue to attack costs to offset input inflation and provide fuel for our brand investments. Additional cost reduction initiatives are being pursued with initiatives already under way in the supply chain and head office support services.  We announced late in 2007 that we’ve entered into an agreement with Scottish & Newcastle to contract brewing kegs selected S&N lager brands. Brewing will begin around the middle of 2008 and reach full production in 2010. We’ll be producing up to 3 million hectoliters of lager for S&N annually. This will generate additional income and fixed cost leverage in our U.K. brewing footprint.  Based on improved projected longevity for retirees in the U.K., we do not expect to benefit from U.K. pension income in 2008, a departure from the past two years.  And finally, looking at the quarterly flow of pretax earnings, cycling the England smoking ban at mid-year and picking up the benefit of the S&N production contract starting in the second half, yields a Europe financial plan weighted toward the second half of the year.  In summary, we are pleased with our progress in 2007 and we are excited about the future for Molson Coors Brewing Company. We took several bold steps last year towards our vision to become a top performing, global brewer. We’re building an innovative brand-led organization that can compete and win in a dynamic global beer industry.  Our proposed U.S. joint venture with SABMiller represents an important step in this direction. The joint venture will create a stronger U.S. brewer with the scale, resources, and distribution platform to compete more effectively in the highly competitive U.S. beer market.  The opportunities provided by the joint venture include $500 million of annual cost synergies by the third full year of the JV, which will strengthen our business and enhance financial performance. And the U.S. JV will provide tremendous momentum and resources for Molson Coors to compete in the global marketplace, while offering substantial benefits for our U.S. distributors, retailers, and beer drinkers.  While working diligently to complete this transaction, we signed a definitive agreement in December and are cooperating fully with the regulatory clearance process. The closing of the transaction is subject to obtaining clearance from the U.S. Department of Justice, other regulatory clearances, and third-party consents. We look forward to closing the deal in mid-2008.  Pending completion of the JV, we will stay focused on delivering strong results. I continue to be impressed with the focus, energy, and commitment that our U.S. team has applied to maintaining record-breaking momentum in that business.  Globally, we are building a strong, deep team and are confident we can manage through this period of JV approval with solid momentum and emerge stronger than ever. All of our business unit CEOs have their teams tightly focused on driving profitable growth in each of their markets as we continue to focus on becoming a top-performing global brewer.  So now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, just a quick comment -- our prepared remarks will be on the website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 3:00 p.m. Eastern Time today, our investor relations team, led by Dave Dunnewald, will host a follow-up conference call, which is essentially a working session for analysts and investors who have additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast and recorded replay on our website.  So at this point, Matt, let’s open it up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Judy Hong from Goldman Sachs.
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Tim, I was hoping, if you could just give us a little bit more color in terms of this lower tax rate forecast for 2008. I mean, it’s clearly a much lower number than your ongoing rate. What’s driving that? Is it not affecting your cash flow? And thirdly, whether there’s sort of an opportunity to take down your long-term tax rate?
Timothy V. Wolf: We’ll save a lot of the detail for Dave’s call but this doesn’t immediately reduce cash taxes. As I said, this phases in over the next few years. There’s a reasonable possibility sure that this could over time lower that range that I gave you, the 22% to 28% and again, we’ve got to just see what happens on the legislative front. Obviously this is good news when our biggest profit, biggest cash generating market, its government deems that lower taxes is a good thing. It’s a good thing for Canada and it’s a good thing for Molson Coors.  So yeah, I think this will play itself out to be a slightly lower over time tax rate and certainly in 2008. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just a question on Canada, Kevin. It looked like in the fourth quarter you saw better net pricing per barrel growth and you’ve talked about reducing discounting in Ontario. Can you just talk about the competitive dynamics there and as you look out 2008, is this sort of a trend that we could look forward to in terms of getting better pricing and still maintaining the improved share trend that you’ve seen in that market?
Kevin T. Boyce: Judy, if you look at the fourth quarter, our net pricing was probably about 2.5% on a national basis and clearly we did pull back on our activity compared to a year ago, so it’s encouraging to see that our share performed pretty well in the face of that.  If you look at what’s happening so far year-to-date, the activity is about the same, maybe a little bit less in Ontario than what’s happened last year at this point in time. But this is early in the year and these are pretty small from a volume perspective, so we’ll have to kind of play it by ear going forward, but certainly our performance in the fourth quarter was encouraging. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Banc of America. 
Joe Herak - Guttermer Research: Actually, this is Joe [Herak] with [Guttermer] Research. A couple things, Leo; congratulations on the solid numbers. You always seem to come through in very challenging times. Can you provide some more color as to what you are doing for your supply chain initiatives to reduce manufacturing cost per hectoliter as you originally promised $150 million in synergy or savings to decrease working capital?
Leo Kiely III: Tim, you want to speak on that?
Timothy V. Wolf: Yeah, and I’m assuming you’re referring now to our resources for growth effort for this past year and the next few years. We’re continuing to look for ways to optimize our footprint. I think you saw in the fourth quarter the work that our Canadian team lead on optimizing how they would source volume for Canada by the careful shutdown of Edmonton is a great example. And as we found, the more we work this, whether it’s optimizing the Canadian production footprint, doing the same thing in the U.S., obviously we’re seeing the impact this year and we’ll see a continued impact in the first part of ’08 from the construction of the Shenandoah facility is the sort of work we are going after.  Clearly leveraging procurement deals, not just directs but indirects, are the sort of things we’re taking a look at. We announced our North American supply chain optimization, which resulted in much more efficient use of our skills and talent. We don’t need three engineering groups. We don’t need three design groups and we’re starting to push that as an opportunity.  So what’s most exciting about the production, manufacturing, cost of goods work and resources for growth is it really spans all areas. It’s not focused on one area. It’s not focused on a couple of SKUs. It’s really across the business, across all activities throughout the supply chain. 
Joe Herak - Guttermer Research: Okay. You had $50 million targeted for your packaging operations at Golden. How is that coming along?
Timothy V. Wolf: Well. Again, we try to be really careful about what we say versus what we invest. I mean, the U.S. has done a great job in the last year and it has an exciting pipeline of ideas for ’08 and ’09 on packaging initiatives. So make no mistake -- as we save money on packaging, on line productivity, on line optimization, on plant scheduling, we also want to make sure that we are investing back in packages and liquids and ideas that our consumers and distributors and retailers can get behind and that’s exactly what the U.S. business has and is doing. 
Joe Herak - Guttermer Research: What metrics are you guys using to measure success? Are you looking at RONA, ROE -- how are you guys making sure you stay number one in the industry with the right metrics in your manufacturing process?
Timothy V. Wolf: Well, I’ll defer to our supply chain folks and if you’re talking about the U.S. to Peter Swinburn, but we look at COGS per barrel, we look at line rates, we look at efficiency rates, we look clearly at safety metrics because no amount of productivity is ever worth comprising the safety and health of our employees, so we look at all of that. Quality scores, we have a battery of important metrics that we look at not just in the U.S. but in the U.K. and Canada as well. 
Joe Herak - Guttermer Research: Okay, and final question; going forward for 2008 -- Leo, what would you like to tell all the shareholders on the call is your number one goal to reduce costs to make sure your stock price continues to go up, you stay number one in the industry, and you continue to provide the best brand for the value?
Leo Kiely III: You know, Joe, it’s interesting -- it’s really about engaging people. It’s remarkable to me. I mean, we’ve set some pretty high goals but once those goals are owned by our teams and rolled down to the people close to the action, we get ideas better than these stretched targets. So to me, it’s really keeping our people focused, having them understand why we’re so focused on costs to remain competitive, because it gives us the resources to invest in the top line and grow the bottom line at the same time.  And the more people get that, the more yield we see, plain and simple. So that’s our game plan and we’re staying with it. 
Timothy V. Wolf: And we will share the progress and resources for growth. Some of the ideas, the new ideas that have come to the fore and show you how that’s working because we think, to Leo’s point, by engaging people across the entire organization -- and it’s G&A too. It’s how we get more efficient in the back office as well as on the production floor. We think we’ll have some more positive and encouraging things to share with you next month in New York. 
Joe Herak - Guttermer Research: Great. Thank you very much. Continued success down the road. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala from UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Thanks, everybody. Can you talk a little bit about the cost savings programs that have been planned, particularly in brewery optimization between the Coors and Molson merger and if anything has been put on hold between now and when the deal closes?
Timothy V. Wolf: I think you misspoke. I think you mean Miller and Coors?
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: No, actually I mean the old plants from Molson and Coors. 
Timothy V. Wolf: I’m sorry. I didn’t understand your question. Absolutely, positively not. We, as you saw, we over-delivered by $25 million on our total resources for growth program separate from in addition to what we did with synergies in 2007 and as I shared in my remarks, we’re going after $55 million more in 2008 on resources for growth. So absolutely, again on the production floor, procurement, back office, we are not slowing down our resources for growth for Molson Coors at all because of what may happen and the great opportunities that we see in the Molson Coors joint venture down the road. 
Leo Kiely III: We’ve taken a point of view that no matter what our future is, these initiatives are right for our business. And in a sense, what’s good for the goose is good for the gander. If this is right for our North American matrix, it’s going to be right for the JV. And I am very impressed the way our teams have stayed focused because you’re right -- there’s a tendency to say why should we do this now and something else is coming.  The fact is we are out ahead of it, it sets the tone for the JV, gives us positive momentum for going into the JV and really tackling those synergy challenges with great momentum. So that’s the posture we’ve taken and the team is delivering. 
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Great, that’s useful. And then quickly on Blue Moon, I noticed there’s some print advertising out now. Is this a bit of a change in strategy or is Blue Moon so large now that it’s going to require some media support going forward?
Peter Swinburn: No, no, we’re not changing strategy on Blue Moon. We’ve been pretty consistent with our approach. I mean, nothing remains exactly the same forever but the strategy is pretty consistent. That’s exactly what we -- we plan to keep to that going forward because quite frankly, the sort of success we’ve had with it, why on earth would you bother to change?
Kaumil Gajrawala - UBS: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christine Farkas from Merrill Lynch.
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. Some follow-up questions on Canada, if I could, Kevin or maybe Tim; I’m trying to reconcile your reported volume decline down 9.9% according to your press release and your reported sales up 9.2%. I think your price mix was up 4.5 points. Can you just talk a little bit about currency or other factors that would have driven that big swing in the top line?
Leo Kiely III: Kevin, you want to take shot at that?
Kevin T. Boyce: Christine, I’m having a hard time reconciling your numbers, to be honest. Can you go over your first nine and your second nine?
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Well, the reported barrels on your press release show volumes down 9.9%. Is that actually incorrect? Because you talked about volumes down 3.8 excluding Foster’s impact. 
Kevin T. Boyce: Right. Okay, so -- okay. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: So was Foster’s six points of volume, negative volume hit year over year?
Kevin T. Boyce: There’s a -- you’ve got to compared 14 weeks a year ago to 13 weeks this year, so 130,000 hectoliters I think there, and then the rest is Foster’s. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: And your overall revenue per barrel growth was 4.5 points?
Kevin T. Boyce: Right. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, that included a couple points from mix?
Kevin T. Boyce: Yes, it did. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and can you tell us maybe in dollars how much currency added to your Canadian top line?
Kevin T. Boyce: How much in -- in Canadian dollars?
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Yeah, either points to growth or dollars, U.S. dollars would be fine. 
Kevin T. Boyce: Okay, bear with me. We’re going to grab that -- $17 million. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: On the top line? Okay. If I could just follow-up then with respect to a broader question on Canada, how is it progressing throughout the year, the overall mix impact from value brands growing faster than premium brands? Has that changed and how do you find your activities are working there?
Kevin T. Boyce: The value segment has actually stopped growing and is in a slight decline, so what you are seeing when you look, if you stand back and look at the whole market is you are seeing accelerated growth in the super premium and you are seeing the premium brands -- because remember it’s done by what the regular retail price is, so as regular brands increase their discounting and you saw that throughout the course of all last year, they are still classified as premium brands, if you like. So that stunted the growth and actually turned the value segment into a decline.  So you are seeing some normalization there driven by the growth of the premium light segment but also the premium segment beginning to stabilize and the super premium continuing to outperform the whole market, clearly. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks. And just moving lastly to the U.S., Peter, we’ve head some comments from other beverage companies about slowing immediate consumption trends. Now your brands have performed very well and it may be less relevant to Molson Coors but can you talk about what you are seeing in perhaps some of the on-premise trends or other immediate consumption trends with respect to those channels in your brands?
Peter Swinburn: Yes, certainly. It really varies by market. Overall we are very comfortable with consumption trends, though we are seeing softer trends over in the Northeast. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Swartzberg, Stifel Nicolaus.
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Tim, on the free cash flow for ’08, a couple of clarifications, if I could -- the 550 number is where you remain. If you think about that number in terms of what might be possible puts and takes against it besides the JV as you move through the year and besides, of course, an earnings view you might have that could obviously change but things like pension contribution, CapEx, some of the things historically we’ve seen cause that number to be different than you thought at the beginning of the year. What are some of the items you’re at least contemplating as notable -- as potential notable changes to that 550?
Timothy V. Wolf: Good question. I mean, obviously our objective is to park it above the 550, right? I mean, that’s -- but we want to make sure that we are flexible enough to be investing in ideas. You’ll see that the guidance I gave on the CapEx, a plan of about $280 million, is a bit more than what we shared at the 250 level earlier last year, and so because when opportunities like a contract packing project with S&N in the U.K. arise and it’s very, very high return, very attractive, we want to make sure we can fund that and go after it.  So discrete projects that have very attractive returns, that are cash positive, we’re going to take a look at. So could the 280 be a little bit higher, a little bit lower? Certainly. That’s one of them. Pensions -- perhaps, but as we’ve been sharing, we’ve made very significant pension contributions, we’ve de-risked our pension asset allocations. We think we’re pretty darn close -- again, you’re never done but we are very, very far along in terms of being fully funded.  I think those are the two main areas where we’ve had variability in the past, to your point, so I’ve got to presume that’s where we are going to see the most variability -- again, still within a pretty tight band in ’08.  Restructuring opportunities -- I mean, you saw the great opportunity to close Edmonton. I can’t think of anymore plants we’re inclined to shutter but it’s those sort of instances that when we have an opportunity, we’re going to go after it. If it requires cash to restructure or improve or tighten, we’re going to do it and of course we’ll be forthcoming in details on how we do it and why we do it but it’s business opportunities that we want to seize or momentum we want to chase that could cause us to alter that 550. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: That’s great. Very helpful, Tim and if I could, same topic but if we bring the JV into the picture here and perhaps I missed this but if we think about the timing of the $450 million in CapEx that the total JV would invest to get the $500 million in savings, how are you thinking about the timing of that 450? I mean, is it particularly first year, second year? How does it weight among those three years?
Timothy V. Wolf: Mark, just a couple of things -- first of all, the $430 million that we shared in New York in October and have been consistent since then is the total CapEx and restructuring costs, so restructuring and any write-offs, relocations, severance -- those sort of expenses costs, cash use, is also in there.  What we shared is we would be spending roughly $200 million plus or minus 10%, 15%. And again, the bulk of that CapEx is going to deliver logistics synergies and production synergies that we detailed by optimizing what will be an eight plant versus a two plant or a six plant supply chain footprint.  To your point, the best thing for the JV, the best thing for SABMiller value, the best thing for Molson Coors value, is to spend that money wisely but to spend it quickly because we would love to be in a situation, I think, and certainly wouldn’t speak for our colleagues in Milwaukee, but think about the -- we’d love to be in a position where most of if not all of the eight plants in the JV footprint are ready to rock and roll as one system as quickly as possible -- certainly, certainly in time for all of peak season ’09 but maybe even a portion of ’08. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thank you, Tim. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane with Banc of America.
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Good morning, guys. Just a couple of follow-up questions; first, Tim, getting back to the free cash flow, any thoughts on the potential for share repurchases and also how you are thinking about your balance sheet now going forward, where repurchases, dividends, and acquisitions kind of stand?
Timothy V. Wolf: Your second point first -- we like our balance sheet. You know, the tender that we just announced really in my mind kind of completes our three-year journey as we begin our fourth year of Molson Coors, of paying down all the debt that we can cost effectively pay down. We have said and will continue to repeat the soundness and solid funding of our pension plans in all three geographies. We have dispatched the Brazil investment just a year ago so overall we feel pretty darn good about our balance sheet and sure, you will see -- as you look at our K, you will see movements, much of which is triggered by FX. Obviously when you have an asset like the Canadian business and the Canadian currency does what it does, you are going to have some of the values really spiking up on you. But in terms of the overall health of the balance sheet, I think we all collectively feel really good about where we are, the financial strength that we have to go forward and do some great things over the next couple of years. That’s point one.  Point two, in terms of disposition of free cash flow, don’t forget -- I mean, again not to repeat myself but we’ve been hard at work the last couple of years building plants, making pension contributions, paying down debt, and so now as we embark on ’08, this will be a year where we don’t have lots of earmarks, so to speak, for our $550 million. We’ve begun, we’ll continue a conversation with our board in terms of the right thing to do in terms of cash disposition but also acknowledge it’s been -- you know, Leo’s challenge to us, it’s been our mantra that we want to invest money to become more competitive to make money and our first commitment is to the business to build it, and that free cash flow will help do that.  Certainly, certainly not ignorant or blind to the fact that our dividend hasn’t moved in three years. I mean, we are clearly aware of that and that’s part of the conversation that we would and will have with our board. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Would you think timing of that is -- is that conversation better had once you’ve got the clarity on the JV closing? It’s kind of hard to make that -- make those sorts of decisions until that happens. Is that fair to say?
Timothy V. Wolf: I think it’s for our board to direct and counsel on timing. I think that would be premature and inappropriate of me to say it. I’d be presumptuous in talking about timing. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Okay, and then Leo, can you talk a little bit about the transition? Again, assuming that the JV is approved and you move into your new role, what the succession plan is now?
Leo Kiely III: You know, I think as we’ve said before, we have a really robust succession dialog with our board you know, as evidenced by the way we are able to move behind the Frits van Paasschen departure this year, with Peter Swinburn moving to the U.S., Mark Hunter moving into the U.K., we really feel good about our leadership team. You know, this is obviously board work and the dialog will continue but I feel very confident we have the talent on board we need to move forward.  We won’t announce any of the new team for the JV other than what’s been announced. Until we have DOJ approval, it just wouldn’t be appropriate. But in that sense too, we feel like we’ve got tremendous depth as we head into this venture. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Okay, and if I could, just one last question relative to the DOJ -- are you still providing information to the DOJ or have you pretty much provided everything they asked for?
Leo Kiely III: We’re still in process. This is a -- you know, a process that just plain has a pace to it, you know? So we are still in document transfer. We are preparing white papers on key issues. We’ll have executive interviews in the month of March, for example, so this is a process that’s -- you know, we’re just working our way through and frankly there aren’t any tea leaves to read.  What we do feel positive about is we anticipate a decision early to mid-summer and we obviously think it’s going to be a positive one. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities: Okay, great. Thanks, guy. 
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Kiely, I’m showing no further questions at this time. 
Leo Kiely III: Thanks for being with us, everybody, and I appreciate your questions. I want to remind you that to win in the beer business, you have to grow, you have to make money, you have to have a great team, okay? And I think underlying our results this year, the investment in growth and the bang for the buck in our investments for growth is one of the things I’m most excited about and building a team that’s market-facing, brand led, and focused on bringing meaningful innovation to the market is the way we believe we’ll win in the beer business. And obviously to do that, we’ve got to grow the bottom line and have resources for those investments. That’s our game plan. We’re sticking with it. Really, thanks for being with us today. That’s it, Matt. Thanks. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the MolsonCoors Brewing Company 2007 third quarter earnings investor relations follow-upsession. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to introduce your host fortoday’s conference, Mr. Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors Brewing Company VicePresident of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Dave Dunnewald: Thanks, Matt. Hello and welcome, everybody. On behalf ofMolson Coors Brewing Company, thank you for joining us today for our thirdquarter 2007 earnings follow-up conference call. Our goal in this call is toaddress as many additional earnings related questions as possible following ourregular earnings conference call with Leo Kiely and Tim Wolf earliertoday. We will use a standard question-and-answer format and we anticipate thatthe call will last less than an hour. So let’s get started. With me on the call are Scott King, Director of StrategicFinance; Greg Snider, Group Manager of Global Forecasting and Analysis; Mario[Sisneros], Senior Analyst Global Forecasting; Mike Gannon, Vice President andGlobal Treasurer; Mark Ingebritson, Director of Global Accounting and FinancialReporting; and Jay Wells, Vice President of Tax. Now, as usual, I’ll preface our remarks by summarizing ourSafe Harbor language. Some of what we discuss this afternoon may constituteforward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what weproject today, so please refer to our most recent 10-K, 10-Q, and proxy filingsfor a more complete description of factors that could affect our projections. We do not undertake to publicly update forward-lookingstatements, whether as a result of new information, future events, orotherwise. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that we may discuss during thiscall, please visit our website, www.molsoncoors.com, for a reconciliation ofthese measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. As Leo mentioned on our regular earnings call earlier today,we are pleased with our progress in the third quarter and we are excited aboutthe future for Molson Coors Brewing Company. We believe we have the rightstrategy, priorities and people to compete effectively in a dynamic global beerindustry. We will win worldwide and on a local level by building strong brandsand optimizing our brand portfolio. At the same time, we will stay focused onreducing costs to fuel both top line and bottom line growth. By way of a follow-up to our earnings call this morning, Iwould like to offer a little bit of additional perspective on one question thatwe discussed on that earlier call. When we look at the effects of ourconvertible notes on our shares outstanding, it is important to look at boththe economic and book accounting effects that these shares have in thepre-split price range of $109 to $140 per share. In this range, there is noeconomic impact and -- excuse me, there is no economic impact and no impact onbasic shares outstanding as we described on the call this morning. However, because of the way the warrant shares are handledand the way the accounting works around convertible shares, in the dilutedshares calculation there will be temporary book dilution reflected in ourdiluted share count when our share price is between roughly $109 and $140pre-split. Now, at the current stock price levels, any book dilution wouldbe minimal or non-existent at this point. But from an economic standpoint, Ithink the most important thing is to remember that the dilution will occur onlyat a price above the warrant price at maturity, which is about $140 pre-split.So we did want to just provide a little extra perspective around that by way ofa follow-up. So with that, we’d now like to open it up for questions,Matt.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from KaumilGajrawala from UBS.
Kaumil Gajrawala -UBS: Hey, Dave. Thank you, Matt. A couple of things, just I guesson my question from during the call. First in the U.S. business on theincentive payments, I guess there was a catch-up, given that you hit certainvolume thresholds for the nine months into the year. How should we be thinkingabout that over the fourth quarter? And then I want to ask about LIFO.
Dave Dunnewald: The way to think about the U.S. incentives catch-up, if youlook at the performance of the U.S. business it’s, certainly from a volumestandpoint and really from -- in some other perspectives, it’s reallyaccelerated during the year and as a result, we in essence adjusted ourincentive -- anticipated incentive for the year and that’s what you see as acatch-up in the third quarter. That’s worth several million dollars of catch-up in thethird quarter, and so that’s what Bill Waters was talking about earlier, andthen you would layer on $2 million or $3 million of additional LIFO accrualadjustment as well.
Kaumil Gajrawala -UBS: Okay, so if we look into fourth quarter, it wouldn’t becatching up -- it would just be a slightly higher rate?
Dave Dunnewald: Yeah, that’s right.
Kaumil Gajrawala -UBS: I’m trying to think about margins for the next quarter.
Dave Dunnewald: Yep, that’s exactly right.
Kaumil Gajrawala -UBS: Okay, and then one more thing is on the wholesalerinventories; your shipments were substantially higher than STRs last quarter,and now it looks like you’ve caught up a bit. Could you help us with where theinventory levels are in the U.S.and  in Canada?
Dave Dunnewald: As Bill Waters mentioned on the earlier call, inventories inthe U.S. are a little behind where we would want them to be but it’s primarilyjust keeping up with very robust consumer demand. Beyond that, there may be amodest adjustment in the fourth quarter, say increase in distributorinventories. We definitely want to increase inventories a bit because of therobust growth that our U.S. business has been experiencing, and so we areworking hard to get that done. But as far as big differences between STRs and STWs, that’sunlikely to be a factor in the fourth quarter. The 53rd week is obviously animportant adjustment you want to make but beyond that, we don’t expect any additionalcalendar, year-over-year calendar differences to drive much difference in thefourth quarter.
Kaumil Gajrawala -UBS: Is it fair to just take last year’s, the barrel numbers yougave us for last year and the extra week and then assume our own growth rateand make the adjustment that way, as we forecast next quarter?
Dave Dunnewald: The numbers that we gave you last quarter, I’m struggling toremember whether those were --
Kaumil Gajrawala -UBS: No, last year, for the 2006, you gave barrel numbers for theextra week.
Dave Dunnewald: Yeah, and I’m struggling to remember whether that was STRsor STWs that we gave you. I know it was 330,000 barrels.
Kaumil Gajrawala -UBS: I thought it was shipments.
Dave Dunnewald: Yeah, I think it was shipments as well.
Kaumil Gajrawala -UBS: The STR number you report in the fourth quarter will beadjusted, correct?
Dave Dunnewald: That’s right. We’ll give you apples-to-apples in the fourthquarter on STRs.
Kaumil Gajrawala -UBS: Okay, got it. All right, that’s all I have. Thank you, Dave.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Cooper with MorganStanley.
Brett Cooper: I was wondering if you could help us out on the loss of theFoster’s contract in Canada, in terms of giving us the scope of how that isgoing to hit you guys.
Dave Dunnewald: Right. We gave a few key factors, Leo did, as I recall, inthe call earlier. Essentially what you have there is a co-packing arrangementthat we are running out of Canada for the U.S. market. And as with mostco-packing arrangements, it tends to be relatively low margin. When you essentially take that volume out starting in thefourth quarter of this year, it will tend to increase or obviously decreaseyour reported volume, has no impact on sales to retail because it wasn’t inthere to begin with, and then we’re expecting that it will increase revenue perbarrel, because again it is a relatively low revenue per barrel business, andalso increase cost of goods per barrel, mainly because of lost fixed costleverage that is not able to spread as much fixed costs over as much volume.
Brett Cooper: So is the loss of the fixed cost leverage equal to orgreater than or less than the profit you are making on co-packing?
Dave Dunnewald: Sorry, which loss?
Brett Cooper: You’re saying that you are going to have an increase in, oryour fixed cost leverage is going to decline. I’m just trying to figure out ifit’s a net positive or a net negative on your profits, because you obviouslywere making something on the co-packing arrangement.
Dave Dunnewald: Yeah, to be sure, we’re making something on the co-packingarrangement so obviously it’s a negative for profit. The key is how much andhow quickly do we adjust our cost structure to minimize that fixed costleverage issue, and we closed the Edmonton brewery as part of that, soobviously the -- or I would say the Canada team is moving quickly to adjust tothat eventuality. In fact, it wasn’t long after the announcement of the Foster’sarbitration ruling that the Canada team made the decision to close the Edmontonbrewery.
Brett Cooper: Okay, last question, just on the -- your 17% tax rate in thequarter, what was the driver? I don’t think that’s what you guys were thinkingwhen you headed into the third quarter, or at least it didn’t seem like it.
Dave Dunnewald: As you know, our tax rate is relatively volatile these days,partly because of the new FIN-48 rules. As far as some of the puts and takes onwhy that rate, for example, is lower than the anticipated annual rate, eventhough we’ve taken out the one-time items in our reported rate -- I’ll defer toJay Wells on that one.
Jay Wells: The general issue that we deal with handset is you can’tforecast when a government is going to close an audit and therefore, we get totake off some FIN-48 liability. So generally, FIN-48 is just going to addvolatility because it’s an impossibility to forecast governmental actions andit’s mostly FIN-48 that dropped it down below what you thought it would -- justmovement in the FIN-48 liability.
Brett Cooper: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
Dave Dunnewald: Matt, I will cover one thing while we are waiting to seewhether there’s an additional question. Kaumil did ask about inventories inCanada and I didn’t cover that piece. Our expectation of inventories in Canadaon the fourth quarter are really for minimal change or impact on our numbers.We are roughly where we want to be there, in a nut shell.
Operator: We do now have a question. It is from Jerry Rivera from SACCapital.
Jerry Rivera: Just had a quick question on the U.S. GAAP between STRs andSTWs. Do you pay sales on STRs and did the gap there potentially have somethingto do with the lower-than-expected margin?
Dave Dunnewald: Actually, our sales reflect sales to wholesale, not sales toretail, so no, there would be no effect there, at least that I can see. The margin difference was a number of factors that BillWater went through on the earlier call. Primarily inflation -- we did havethose catch-up items that he mentioned, which are pretty important and not asongoing, perhaps at least for the balance of this year, as we would expectinflation to be. Specifically, those were the U.S. incentives catch-up as wellas LIFO adjustment. Beyond that though, I guess the question you would have on alonger term basis is do you expect inflation on all the key commodities in theU.S. business to be going at the same range they’ve been going this past year.Looking at the run-rates that we’ve given and the guidance on the variouscalls, you get over $120 million of inflation in the U.S. business this yearand I guess from a modeling standpoint, what do you expect going forward? Those are the factors that we’ve looked at that may havechallenged, or did challenge the third quarter, particularly in the U.S.business from a margin perspective.
Jerry Rivera: And what was the earnings benefit from stronger currency,both in Europe and in Canada?
Dave Dunnewald: In Canada it was about $11 million pretax. In Europe, it wasabout $2 million pretax, and those are both benefits because those currenciesincreased relative to the U.S. dollar. And then there’s a $2 million to $3million give-back in the corporate segment because substantially all of ourlong-term debt is now denominated in Canadian dollars, and so that’s in a sensea natural hedge against our exposure to Canadian dollars through the Canadianbusiness, and as I say in the third quarter, that was worth a little over $2million. That would be a negative.
Jerry Rivera: So 11 inCanada and what was Europe again?
Dave Dunnewald: Yeah, let me finish the equation for you; it was a positive$11 million in Canada, a positive $2 million in the U.K., and then minus acouple of million in the corporate segment related again to the denomination ofour debt in Canadian dollars, for a net impact in the quarter of positive $11million.
Jerry Rivera: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane withBanc of America.
Bryan Spillane: Good afternoon, Dave. Just a couple of short questions, onejust a follow-up on what Jerry just asked, and maybe I missed this as you weregoing through, but were your marketing expenses accrued to the higher STRnumber relative to the sales to wholesalers?
Dave Dunnewald: Ah, sales curve accounting -- let’s see, our marketingdollars -- I could use help from one of the accounting types. They are spreadover STRs or STWs? Scott King says STWs, so -
Bryan Spillane: Okay, all right. So the marketing accrual would have matchedthe shipments, not the STR?
Dave Dunnewald: Right.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, and then Dave, when we look at the cost of goods perbarrel, and maybe if you could talk about this -- I don’t know if it’s helpfulfor you to talk about it separately between U.S., Canada and the U.K., or justin the aggregate, but if you can give some indication or give us some feel forwhich -- what are the -- which commodities were giving you the most pressureand which were giving you the least? I guess we’re trying to get a sense forwhether or not the soft commodities especially are pressuring you incrementallyhere in the second half. I understand the dynamics that you have. You’ve got costsavings that are offsetting some of the costs of the actual commodities. I’mtrying to get a sense for what the underlying commodity inflation has been.
Dave Dunnewald: No, that’s a fair question. When we look at specificallycost of goods inflation, because that’s really the main one we would track inany case, you are looking at -- let’s see, I mentioned over $120 million ofinflation on the year. In the quarter, we’re talking -- let’s see. I think Ican get you a little more specificity --
Mike Gannon: Dave, while you’re looking for that, I can give just alittle context. This year, it’s really been [packaging] on the canned side andbottles as well, where those input costs are quite substantial. Lookingforward, it becomes more of an energy cost concern based on certainly where oilis today.
Bryan Spillane: Thanks for that. What about the soft commodities? We’veheard from a few brewers over the last week or two about barley costs and justthe soft commodities actually being more inflationary, and maybe that’s morelooking into ’08 than it is right now, but any insight or context you can give,that would be helpful.
Mike Gannon: Sure, yeah, absolutely it becomes a bigger factor next year,given what brewing materials are doing in general. But just keep in mind thatthat’s quite a small component of our cost of goods sold, relative to ourpackaging side, for example.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, so for now, right now, the most inflationary piecesare really the packaging and then secondary is energy?
Mike Gannon: That’s right.
Bryan Spillane: Okay.
Dave Dunnewald: Yeah, to put a little more around that, Bryan, the inflationin the third quarter was roughly, in the U.S. business, was roughly a fourth ofwhat we are looking at for the year, so that’s not abnormal. And it leansheavily toward packaging materials and especially aluminum. In fact, overtwo-thirds of the inflation that we had in the third quarter was packagingmaterials, and so you can tell that roughly half-ish would be in the area ofaluminum. And then as far as soft commodities, fuel, corn, barley,those are all important factors but as you can tell, not nearly as large aspackaging materials but somewhat more volatile on a quarterly basis.
Bryan Spillane: And then, can you give us some view or some idea about howmuch -- you were running the Shenandoah Brewery at full capacity in the thirdquarter and assuming that you shipped a lot of beer out of that brewery, howthat impacted utilization rates in Denver, and I guess what I’m after is -- orin Golden -- I guess what I’m after is at this point, you haven’t really givenup the Golden brewery yet. You are brewing out of Virginiaand so there’s some efficiencies that sort of haven’t quite been realized yetbecause both footprints are still there. Is that fair?
Dave Dunnewald: I think it’s fair to assume that there’s some of that. Ithink it would be hard for me to put a number on it.
Bryan Spillane: Yeah, that’s fine. But you did run Shenandoah at all out,you weren’t holding back at all?
Dave Dunnewald: That’s right. It’s our most efficient plant and our customerbase in the Northeast is larger than everything that plant can produce, so itbehooves us to max it out.
Bryan Spillane: Any number, like what percentage of your volume went throughthat brewery in the quarter? Any sort of indication?
Dave Dunnewald: Yeah, it’s in the range of slightly over a third of thetotal U.S.
Bryan Spillane: Okay, and that’s been roughly in line with what you thought?
Dave Dunnewald: Yeah, that’s the capacity.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. And as you move into the fourth quarter, was thereanything that held you back? Could you have produced more beer there? I’m justtrying to get a sense for whether or not it’s the first full quarter that youare running the plan and were you doing anything to sort of -- that would haveimpeded you from even brewing more beer there?
Dave Dunnewald: Well, there will be continuing efforts to improve line ratesat the facility, and so there may be some things we can do but I wouldn’texpect dramatic differences there.
Bryan Spillane: And then did you see much of the -- I’m assuming then thisquarter also would have begun to reflect some of the transportation benefits,transportation cost benefits?
Dave Dunnewald: Absolutely, yes, partially offset by increased depreciation.
Bryan Spillane: Okay. All right. I think that’s all I’ve got. Thanks, guys.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is a follow-up fromKaumil Gajrawala.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Just quickly again I wanted to ask about pension. I believeBryan asked about it earlier this morning but the $11 million catch-up, I thinkyou said $2 million to $3 million going forward, that’s incremental to thecurrent cost base, correct?
Dave Dunnewald: Let’s see -- the go-forward view is actually only about $1.5million a quarter of additional expense. So other than that, all of the $3million is a -- you could call it a catch-up.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Okay, and then the -- how would we break that up? Do we usethe same percentages that you gave us in the press release between COGS andSG&A?
Dave Dunnewald: Yeah, we gave you the actual numbers, which was I believe$6.5 million in MG&A and $4.7 million in cost of goods, and those are bothin the Europe segment and they add up to a total of $11.1 million total forthat segment, exclusive of special items. There was an additional special itemof $3.9 million, but again that’s on a different line.
Kaumil Gajrawala: So we could use that same -- those same weightings as we putthese numbers in going forward?
David Whitehouse: Yes, that’s right. Basically pension expense follows people,and that’s the way it weighted out for this particular group of retirees.
Kaumil Gajrawala: Okay, got it. All right, perfect. That’s all for me.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Mr. Dunnewald, I’m showing nofurther questions at this time.
Dave Dunnewald: Okay, great. Thank you, Matt. In closing, I would like tothank all of you for your interest in Molson Coors and for joining us today. Ifyou have additional questions that we did not cover during our time thisafternoon, please call me on my direct line or at the main number here atMolson Coors, which is 303-279-6565. Thank you again and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’sconference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Have agreat day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-08 12:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: W. Leo Kiely III - President and CEO   Timothy V. Wolf - Global CFO   Frits van Paasschen - President and CEO, Coors Brewing Company   Peter Swinburn - President and CEO, Coors Brewers Limited   Kevin Boyce - President and CEO, Molson Canada 
Analysts: Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.   Robert Van Brugge - Bernstein Research   Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus   Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch   Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities LLC   Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Molson Coors Brewing Company 2007 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Leo Kiely, President and Chief Executive Officer of Molson Coors Brewing Company. Sir, you may begin. 
W. Leo Kiely III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Matt. And hello and welcome everybody and thanks for joining us today. With me on the call are Tim Wolf, our Global CFO;, Kevin Boyce, CEO of Molson Canada; Frits van Paasschen, CEO of Coors Brewing Company; Peter Swinburn, CEO of Coors Brewers Limited; Sam Walker, our Chief Legal Officer; Mike Gannon, our Global Treasurer; Marty Miller, our Global Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Vice President of Investor Relations.  This morning, Tim and I will take you through some highlights of the second quarter for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with perspective on the back half of 2007. Then we will open it up for questions.  In the second quarter of 2007, we achieved double-digit earnings growth by delivering strong top line growth, substantial cost reductions, reduced interest expense and a lower effective tax rate. Let's look at some of the highlights.  We grew total company volume led by market share gains in the U.S. and Canada. This represents our first Canada share gain in nearly four years and the achievement of one of our most important goals leading into the merger.  Although overall global sales to retail declined 0.7%, due to a softness in the U.K. beer market, our sales to retail in North America grew 1.5% in the second quarter. In fact, the U.K. market on and off-premise channels each declined approximately 7% in the second quarter, driven by some of the wettest weather on record and cycling the 2006 World Cup tournament.  We continue our company-wide focus on brand building, and increased revenue per barrel and local currency in all three of our businesses. We captured additional merger synergies and next generation cost savings in the second quarter to bring our year-to-date savings from all cost programs to $78 million. Results from these initiatives allowed us to offset more than 80% of the cost of goods inflation impacting our company in the first half of this year. Both the synergies and next-generation cost reduction programs are on target for our 2007 goals.  We successfully brought our new Shenandoah brewery on line in the second quarter, with annualized cash savings of more than $30 million and P&L savings of approximately $14 per year. We increased total company income from continuing operations nearly 45% in the quarter, led by 39% pretax income growth for our U.S. business. Both of these results exclude special and other one-time items.  And we reduced our go-forward interest costs and effective tax rate by refinancing $625 million of our debt and refining as company structure.  Overall, we are pleased with our company's performance in the second quarter as our teams continue to progress on brand building and taking costs out of the business. So at this point, I will turn it over to Tim to review second quarter financial highlights and trends and then we'll provide some perspective on the balance of 2007 for the company. Timothy? 
Timothy V. Wolf - Global Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Leo and hello everybody. Starting with the second quarter financial highlights for the total company, we reported consolidated sales volume of 11.5 million barrels, up seven-tenth of 1% from a year ago, while total company sales to retail declined seven-tenth of a percent in the second quarter. Volume growth was driven by brand strength in the U.S. and Canada, offset by weak market conditions in Europe.  Net sales were $1.68 billion, up 5.9% from the second quarter of last year, while cost of good sold increased 5.1%. Marketing, G&A expense grew 1.9% in the quarter. We achieved income from continuing operations of $176.1 million or $1.94 per diluted share, excluding special and other one-time items in the second quarter, which is up nearly 45% from $121.6 million or $1.40 per share a year ago. These results exclude a gain on the sale of our interest in House of Blues Canada this year and one-time tax benefits and net special charges in both years, which are described in the earnings release we distributed this morning.  Foreign exchange movements increased our total company pretax profit by approximately $7 million in the second quarter, driven primarily by a 9% appreciation of the British Pound and a 3% appreciation of the Canadian Dollar versus the U.S. dollar. By the way, all the financial results we share with you today will be in U.S. dollars, unless we indicate otherwise.  Please note that all our company earnings discussions today will be for continuing operations, that is, excluding the Kaiser Brazil business that we sold last year in January.  In segment performance highlights, starting with Canada, we grew market share more than one-third of a share point versus the prior year. On the strength of this volume growth, along with cost savings initiatives and favorable foreign exchange rates, pretax income excluding special charges and one-time items increased 1.9% to $146.2 million in our second quarter. Favorable currency benefited Canadian pretax results about $5 million versus a year ago.  Positive factors in the quarter were partially offset by inflation, increased brand investments, and $5.8 million non-cash expense in the quarter related to mark-to-market adjustments on foreign currency hedge positions. These Canadian results exclude $24.1 million non-cash special charge related to the termination of our Foster's U.S. license agreement and $16.7 million one-time benefit from the sale of our ownership interest in House of Blues Concerts Canada, which is reflected in other income.  Our Canada sales to retail, or STRs, for the second calendar quarter ended June 30th increased 1.1% from the calendar quarter a year ago. Molson strategic brands continued their mid single-digit growth trend in the quarter fueled by Coors Light, Creemore, Carling and our partner import brands, which all grew at double-digit rates. Coors Light, our primary growth engine in Canada, has achieved double-digit STR growth in every quarter since the merger. In addition, Rickard's continued its high single-digit growth this quarter, while Molson Canadian experienced a mid single-digit volume decline.  Total Canadian beer industry sales to retail grew an estimated one-tenth of 1% in the calendar second quarter, so Molson achieved more than one-third share point gain. Molson Canada sales volume totaled 2.3 million barrels for the fiscal second quarter that ended July 1st, which is an increase of 4.0% from a year ago. Approximately 3 percentage points of this growth is due to the inclusion of the higher volume week leading into Canada, the Canada Day weekend in the second fiscal quarter this year, versus its inclusion in the third quarter last year. We expect this volume timing benefit resulting from the year-over-year alignment of weeks to reverse in our next third quarter.  Net sales per barrel increased approximately 1% in local currency, driven by positive sales mix toward higher revenue per barrel products, including Rickard's and our partner import brands. Approximately 3 percentage points of revenue per barrel from selective frontline price increases was almost entirely offset by higher price discounting focused in Ontario and Quebec.  Cost of goods sold per barrel increased approximately 6% in local currency, driven by the following factors: First, 2 percentage points of increase due to input cost inflation, which was more than offset by 3 percentage points of synergies and other cost savings within the quarter; a 3 percentage point increase from sales mix shift to higher cost, but also higher-revenue super-premium partner import brands; 2 percentage points of increase from a requirement to mark-to-market in the second quarter certain foreign currency hedge positions primarily related to future quarters; and finally, a 2 percentage point increase from other one-time impacts, including incremental costs to supply the market as a result of the Edmonton brewery strike.  Marketing, G&A expenses decreased 1% in local currency, driven by reductions in G&A expenses, which more than offset an increase in overall brand investment.  For our U.S. business, second quarter pretax income was $98.1 million, up 39.1% excluding special items a year ago. This increase was driven by sales volume growth, higher net pricing and continued savings from our operations initiatives.  Looking at U.S. highlights: Our 50-states sales to retail increased 2.0% and we grew market share again in the second quarter. This sales increase was driven by low single-digit growth for Coors Light, which achieved its ninth consecutive quarter of growth, along with strong double-digit growth of Blue Moon and mid single-digit growth of Keystone Light. Also, we're encouraged by the performance of Coors Banquet, which grew slightly in the quarter by refocusing the brand's positioning on its heritage, reinforcing the redesigned packaging and increased advertising investment.  Including our Caribbean business, total U.S. sales to retail increased 1.6% in our second quarter. Meanwhile, U.S. volume to wholesalers grew 3.1%, due to strong sales to retail growth and the timing of the 4th of July holiday in our fiscal calendar. U.S. net sales per barrel increased 2.2% in the second quarter, almost entirely due to higher frontline pricing.  Cost of goods per barrel decreased five-tenths of 1% in the quarter, driven by over $22 million of cost saving initiatives, and lower depreciation expense, which were offset by higher commodity, transportation and packaging material costs.  Our operations cost savings offset about two-thirds of the U.S. cost of goods inflation in the second quarter. U.S. marketing, G&A expense decreased nine-tenth of 1% in the second quarter, as higher brand-building and sales investments were more than offset by a decrease in G&A costs.  Our Europe business, second quarter pretax income of $38.9 million, excluding special items increased 5.1% from a year ago, driven by higher revenue per barrel, lower operations and administrative costs and higher pension income, along with favorable foreign exchange rates, which added approximately $4 million in pretax results in the quarter.  Pension income of $4.7 million in the second quarter, up $1.8 million from a year ago, reflects the improved funded status of our U.K. pension plans. These positive earnings factors were partially offset by cycling a $5.5 million gain on the sale of surplus land, which was reflected in Other Income for the second quarter of 2006.  In more detail: Our Europe owned brand volumes decreased 7.5%, due to cycling a benefit from increased sales during the World Cup soccer tournament last year, along with an extended period of very poor weather conditions this year. Recall that our volumes increased 5.1% in the second quarter last year, largely due to strong sales during the World Cup which is played every four years. Our U.K. market share this quarter was impacted only minimally as other brewers also faced difficult comparisons related to the World Cup last year and poor weather this year.  U.K. owned brand volume net revenue per barrel in local currency increased just over 4% in the second quarter, due largely to higher owned brand net pricing, with a portion of this benefit related to weak pricing a year ago during the World Cup. This represents our fourth consecutive quarter of improving trends in owned brand pricing, which is an encouraging turnaround from the previous two years.  Cost of goods sold for our U.K. owned brands decreased about 1% per barrel in local currency, driven by cost savings from our supply chain restructuring program and higher pension income as our U.K. plans benefited from improved funded status and lower staffing levels this year.  Marketing, G&A expenses in the U.K. decreased approximately 1% in local currency. Marketing and sales spending increased at a low single-digit rate as we continued to roll out our new ad campaigns for Carling and C2. G&A costs declined faster than front-end spending due to continued savings from cost initiatives and higher pension income.  Moving beyond operating business unit performance, corporate G&A expense in the second quarter was $30.3 million, $2 million higher than a year ago from one-time fees related to restructuring some of our debt during the quarter. Corporate net interest expense, excluding U.K. trade loan interest income, was $27.8 million in the second quarter, which is $12 million lower than a year ago, driven by our repayment of debt during the past year and the benefit of cycling $4.6 million of expense last year related to adjusting Ontario Beer Store swaps to market value.  Our second quarter effective tax rate was 13% on a reported basis and 20% excluding special and one-time items. One-time tax items include: This year, the non-recurring benefit of a one-half percentage point reduction in the Canada corporate income tax as well as a one-time adjustment to our liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits under the new FASB Interpretation No. 48 tax rules. These changes had the non-recurring effect of reducing our tax liabilities on the balance sheet and our quarterly tax provision by $11.5 million in the second quarter.  Second, last year's second quarter reported results benefited from a 2 percentage point reduction in the Canada corporate income tax rate, as well as minor changes in two provincial income tax rates as well. These tax rate changes had the one-time effect of reducing our deferred tax liability on the balance sheet and our quarterly tax provision by $52.3 million a year ago.  Free cash flow in the quarter totaled approximately $93 million, driven by operating cash flow of $221 million and asset sales of $33 million, minus $161 million of capital spending. Well over half of this CapEx was due to the repurchase of our U.K. keg float early in the quarter.  Net debt at the end of the second quarter was $2.0 billion, and that excludes approximately $100 million of non-owned joint venture debt. This figure is net of $680 million in cash at the end of the quarter, which is primarily the proceeds of the $575 million convertible debt offering that we completed in June. Early in the third quarter, these proceeds were then used to fund most of a tender offer for some of our higher-coupon notes issued about 7 years ago.  Special and other one-time items in the second quarter this year include two special charges; a gain on the sale of an equity interest in a company, and the discrete tax benefit that I mentioned a moment ago. Following are details on all, but the last of these items: Special charges, net totaled expense of $25.4 million pretax, are primarily due to the following: In Europe, we recognized $1.2 million of special restructuring expenses in the supply chain and other areas. In Canada, as we mentioned before, we impaired the value of our Foster's U.S. license agreement via a special charge of $24.1 million, which represents virtually all of our carrying value of this contract. Due to a recent adverse court ruling, this contract will expire in the fourth quarter of this year.  Also, Canada results benefited from $16.7 million gain on the sale of our 50% equity interest in the House of Blues Canada business during the quarter. This non-recurring gain is reflected in other -- is reported in other income net, but it is excluded from our underlying non-GAAP earnings for the second quarter.  Finally, in discontinued operations during the second quarter, we reported net income of $600,000, due to favorable FX rate movements, which more than offset a small increase in the indemnity estimates related to the Brazil Kaiser business.  Now, I'll preface the outlook session as usual by paraphrasing our Safe Harbor language. Some of what we talk about now and in the Q&A may constitute forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what we project today, so please refer to our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and proxy filings for a more-complete description of factors that could affect our projections. We don't undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that we may discuss during the call, please visit our website, www.molsoncoors.com for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results.  Looking forward, we anticipate 2007 corporate net interest expense of approximately $115 million, plus or minus $2 million, and that excludes $24.5 million of one-time expenses related to tendering our $625 million of our 6-3/8% notes, a very successful transaction that we completed in July. In the past few months, we have completed significant corporate projects to improve our company tax structure and refinance a portion of our higher-coupon debt. We expect these projects to reduce interest costs substantially next year, and I will provide more details during the Lehman Back-to-School Conference in Boston in about 4 weeks.  We anticipate full year 2007 corporate G&A expense of approximately $100 million, plus or minus $3 million, which is a reduction of approximately $20 million versus 2006.  Turning to our effective tax rate, we anticipate that our full year 2007 rate will be in the range of 20% to 25%, assuming no further changes in tax laws. Note, the U.K. government early in the third quarter approved changes in depreciation treatments and a corporate tax rate reduction from 30% to 28%, both effective April 1st, 2008. We have not yet finalized our examination of the impact of this legislation. Also, the settlement of additional open tax years or passage of other tax legislation in the U.K. and Canada could alter our tax rate outlook. We now anticipate that our long-term effective tax rate on GAAP earnings will be in the range of 23% to 28%.  Our capital spending outlook for 2007 is approximately $425 million to $450 million, and that includes approximately $105 million for the acquisition of kegs in the U.K. this year and about $40 million of capital spending by our consolidated joint ventures.  Our current free cash flow outlook for 2007 is $170 million, and that's defined as cash from operations, minus capital expenditures and that include the one-time impact, as I said before, of buying back our U.K. kegs, plus non-strategic asset sales. This free cash outlook also includes $24.5 million of one-time costs related to tendering debt last month and an incremental $50 million voluntary cash contribution to our U.S. pension fund in the second quarter, and this increases our expected total pension contributions to approximately $220 million to $240 million for 2007. These contributions have allowed us to fully fund our pension obligations, given today's assumptions for plan asset returns and interest rates.  Our free cash flow plan excludes dividend payments and cash proceeds from stock option exercises, with option proceeds exceeding $165 million in the first half of this year. To be sure, our cash generation shows dramatic fluctuations from one day to the next, but we are optimistic that the business can achieve our free cash flow goal this year. Looking forward, we see much greater cash generating potential in this business than we are showing this year, and we will cover this in more detail in Boston next month.  Now, an update on our cost reduction initiatives, which provide resources to invest for brand growth and to drop to the bottom line. In the first half of this year, we captured an incremental $32 million of merger-related pretax cost synergies. We also achieved $46 million of next-generation cost savings during the first half of 2007 as part of the program to generate $250 million of additional savings by the end of 2009, which is our program that we've referred to in the past as Resources For Growth. Combining both programs, we are on track to achieve our goal of total cost savings of $121 million in 2007.  At this point, I'll turn it back over to Leo for a look ahead to the balance of 2007. Leo? 
W. Leo Kiely III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tim. Looking ahead, we will remain focused on building strong brands to grow the top line and reducing costs in each of our businesses to provide additional resources for growth. We'll also experience some cost of goods and other prior year comparison impacts that I want to highlight for those of you who model our business.  In Canada, we continue to focus on brand building and cost reductions. Our first priority remains investment for growth. We are focused on building the company's strategic brands and driving innovation behind those brands. In particular, we will leverage our innovation on Coors Light, driven by our Sub Zero cold draught dispense systems, new SKUs, and the introduction of the cold certified can. Further, we have extended innovation across our portfolio with the introduction of Creemore Traditional Pilsner and new programming on our partner import brand portfolio.  Our marketing team remains focused on continuing Rickard's momentum and stabilizing Molson Canadian. Strategies will include leveraging the introduction of Rickard's White, which is adding incremental volume to the trademark, as well as new programming and SKUs for the Molson Canadian brand.  For the month of July, our Canada sales to retail increased at a low single-digit rate, although it is important to note that July's results are not necessarily indicative of third quarter performance.  Due to year-over-year differences in our fiscal calendar, we expect third quarter sales volume to be lower than sales to retail.  On costs in Canada, we continue our focus on productivity across the business, including merger synergies and other cost saving initiatives in operations and G&A, to reinvest in our brands and offset inflation. Based on current commodity rates, we now expect underlying full year cost of goods per barrel to increase at a low to mid single-digit rate in local currency. That's excluding the mix impact of continued strong growth by our partner import brands, any incremental cost of the Edmonton strike, and the $11.3 million year-over-year impact of our requirement to mark-to-market certain foreign currency hedge positions. Without these exclusions, we anticipate that our reported cost of goods per barrel in Canada will increase at a high single-digit rate in local currency for full year 2007.  Last week, we announced the closure of our Edmonton, Alberta brewery to make our Canada business more cost competitive in an ever changing market. This action was based primarily on the loss of the Foster's U.S. production contract and the ongoing shift in the marketplace demand from bottles to cans, as the Edmonton brewery only has a bottle line packaging capacity.  Other key elements in the closure decision were the competitive need to reduce further operating costs and the labor impasse at the Edmonton brewery. This closure will result in the third quarter asset impairment of about $37 million and other, primarily non-cash charges of $10 million to $12 million over the balance of this year related to pension expense and other closure-related costs. We also plan to offer affected employees fair termination benefits, which will add some cash costs to the closure, but the impact of these benefits has not yet been determined. As part of the project, our Canada team is working to ensure a smooth transition of the Edmonton production to other breweries in our Canada network.  Turning to our U.S. business; our focus for the balance of 2007 is maintaining our current volume and share momentum and aggressively managing costs despite significant inflation. Our fundamentals remain strong, and the year-to-date pricing environment is positive. But, recall we face tougher volume comparables in the back half of the year, and in the third quarter we will begin to cycle more than $6 million of quarterly benefits related to the closing of the Memphis brewery a year ago.  Our priorities for the balance of the year are these four areas: First, we will continue to increase our investments this year behind Coors Light, Keystone Light and Blue Moon at a low single-digit rate versus last year and continue our initiatives to develop our regional brands, such as the refreshed Coors Banquet packaging and ad creative. For Coors Light, our priority is to constantly deliver refreshment as cold as the Rockies. Our Cold Activated Bottle and Frost Brew Lined Can deliver Rocky Mountain Cold Refreshment in an innovative way.  Second, we will continue to go to market with discipline, strengthening our key retail accounts business and leveraging our NFL sponsorship as the football season begins.  Third, we will strengthen our export markets. While we maintain the leading share of the Puerto Rico beer market, the economic environment remains challenging in that market.  Fourth, we are focused on improving 3-tier profitability and service. To that end, our Shenandoah brewery is now fully operational, allowing us to diversify our brewing capability and reduce transportation time and costs to serve our East Coast customer base. We continue to expect U.S. cost of goods per barrel to increase approximately 2% for the full year of 2007, with the first half virtually flat and the second half growing at a mid single-digit rate.  With the current outlook for higher commodity inflation and cycling the Memphis plant closure, we expect our U.S. cost initiatives to offset only about one-third of the anticipated inflation in the second half of this year. In the first 4 weeks of the third quarter, our 50-state U.S. sales to retail were up about 4% from a year ago, partially driven by an unusually warm weather this year.  And finally, due to year-over-year differences in our fiscal 52-week versus 53-week calendar, we expect sales volume to be lower than sales to retail in the third quarter.  In our Europe business, we face challenges on four fronts. First, consumer spending in the U.K. economy continues to be soft across all categories, largely due to higher consumer interest rates and taxes. Second, the competitive environment in the U.K. beer industry continues to be challenging, both on-premise and in the take-home channel. As we have noted in previous quarters, the smoking bans in England and Wales have taken effect in the past few months, and they are expected to adversely affect our volume and profit trends for the next year or two. And then finally, poor weather experienced across the U.K. during the second quarter continued into July, and we expect that this will have a negative impact on results in the third quarter. Nonetheless, our U.K. team has done a great job staying focused on building brands for the long haul and cutting costs wherever possible.  On building strong brands, we will continue to manage our price promotions to optimize profitability. We plan to adjust the positioning of Coors Light in the U.K. to bring this brand closer to its global profile. This will include a name change from Coors Fine Light to simply Coors Light, along with new brand positioning and a new marketing program. We will increase the investment behind Coors Light and continue to actively support C2, our mid-strength lager entry from Carling. And we continue to roll out our new cold-dispense technology and distinctive above-bar fonts, which support our portfolio. We completed 20,000 installations during the first half of 2007 and currently expect a further 28,000 over the balance of the year. We continue to see sales uplift from these installations.  On managing costs; we will continue to attack costs to provide fuel for brand growth and to offset cost inflation. While the flow-through of cost initiatives implemented in the first half of 2006 will have less impact in the second half this year, additional cost reduction initiatives are underway. It is important to recognize that these cost reductions are being achieved while we are investing more to build our brands.  In the first five weeks of the third quarter, our Europe sales to retail have decreased at a mid single-digit rate from a year ago, largely due to continued poor weather across the U.K.  In summary, our second quarter results show the ability of our company to deliver on the promise of our merger. While the global challenges we face have not lessened, the teams across our company have built success one quarter at a time by staying focused on the key drivers of shareholder value in this business. We have consistently worked to build strong brands and attack costs to provide further resources for growth in both sales and earnings. Our most recent results show that we are investing to build our brands and grow share consistently, and we are exceeding our cost reduction goals, and we are growing profitability for our shareholders at a double-digit rate.  Looking ahead, we are confident that our teams can build on that momentum and win the all important summer selling season, while we make more progress building great brands, attacking costs, and becoming a top performing global brewer.  Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 3 PM Eastern Time today, our Investor Relations team led by Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is essentially a working session for analysts and investors who have additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast and recorded replay on our website.  So Matt, at this point, let's open it up for questions.  Question And Answer 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Judy Hong, Goldman Sachs. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. First, juts a couple of questions on Canada. If you could just update us on the competitive landscape, particularly in places where you've seen discounting activity pick up a little bit and then just in terms of your effort to stabilize Molson Canadian; in the quarter it was down again the mid single-digit pace. If you can just talk about whether you are seeing any sort of tangible progress on that effort? 
W. Leo Kiely III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, so first if you look at the discounting, as you asked, it varies from province to province, region to region if you like. Historically, we've spent most of our time talking about Ontario and that is the biggest market, so I'd say that the second quarter has been pretty aggressive from all companies not just the majors, but also the local players as well and historically in our market, the first half of the year is a little bit heavier in discounting than the second half of the year. So, it's been competitive. We did get some pricing through earlier in the year, but by and large, the pricing has been dealt back.  In terms of Molson Canadian, we are seeing some stabilization in Ontario; we have a little bit of a weaker western part; we have some new areas that we are investigating to the back half; but clearly the segment that Molson Canadian participates in the premium segment is being attacked by outside and when you look at the growth, a really fantastic growth that we are getting on Coors Light, that to a degree is affecting our Molson Canadian brand in the most part of Canada. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then secondly, just in the U.S., can you just clarify where the distributor inventories level is at the end of the second quarter, because in the quarter I think the shipments were ahead of SCR and then you ended the first quarter with higher distributor inventory. So can you just help us understand where we are and then how we should think about that either being reverse for the balance of the year or any other factors to consider? 
Frits van Paasschen - President and Chief Executive Officer, Coors Brewing Company: Yes, sure this is Frits van Paasschen. The short answer to your question is our inventories are essentially flat compared to a year ago. The slightly more technical answer to the question is, if you look at our sales versus removal the first three quarters of the year, there is a lot of noise in that data. Now whether you not used that as comparison in order to determine or try to derive your own inventory levels. And I say that because we have the affect of the 53rd week, we have the fact that the 4th of July span two quarter, we have the Memphis build up and frankly, we had some pretty strong momentum in the marketplace. But as you look into the third quarter, you will see a shift where our sales will be below removals as opposed to what it had been in the first two quarters. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay and then just finally, on the free cash for generation, looking at next year 10 I guess is it now appropriate to think about the pension being fully funded that you really don't get the incremental pension income... pension contribution next year so you really get a much bigger swing into next year than we were previously expecting? 
Timothy V. Wolf - Global Chief Financial Officer: Yes, July this is Tim. I am presuming you are talking about cash flow specifically and as you can see from this year and the last few years... last two years since the merger we have put a lot of money into the pension plans, no question about it. I will share a little bit more detail on this in Boston. But we are at a point now where we feel really good about the funded status of all 3 of pension plans obviously we're responsible for all 3. With that said, I think that the amount of cash contribution we place under the pensions can moderate. Obviously this year 2007 is... will has been a very, very heavy CapEx year, the purchase of the CAG, the completion of the Mountain brewery, the completion of Shenandoah, a very, very appropriately aggressive roll out of cold dispense units in the U.K. that Leo mentioned and so we are looking forward to a very strong delivering on the promise so to speak cash flow for 2008 and again all go into that, and don't forget also in 2007 we have the additional pension contribution, we settled it last year when we closed Memphis, this is the year we have to pay the pipe that actually make the cash contributions. So all in, when you think about all the cash that we have this year I think the critical point of underlying free cash performance of Molson Coors is better than ever and we are rolling into 2008 with really good momentum. 
Judy Hong - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thank you. 
Timothy V. Wolf - Global Chief Financial Officer: Yes, you are welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. O our next question comes from Robert Van Brugge from Sanford Bernstein. 
Robert Van Brugge - Bernstein Research: Good afternoon. 
W. Leo Kiely III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello Robert. 
Robert Van Brugge - Bernstein Research: Question about U.K. pricing, certainly it was lot better than what we had seen in previous quarters. Do you expect this trend to halt, in other words, are your competitors following on the price increases at this point? 
Peter Swinburn - President and Chief Executive Officer, Coors Brewers Limited: Hi Robert, this is Peter Swinburn. We're actually showing sort of improving trends on pricing over last four quarters, so it is something of a continuum. Obviously, the comparisons with last year weren't as tough because of the pretty aggressive pricing around World Cup. As far as the competitor is concerned, really there's just lot of volatility in the marketplace. We've made it clear from the outset that it's... we will try as best as we can to play the part of the profit optimization roots as far as both volume and pricing is concerned and certainly this quarter we seem to record it more right than wrong but we'll continue to take the judgment calls and obviously move forward to the year, but so far so good I think. 
Robert Van Brugge - Bernstein Research: Okay, great, thanks. 
W. Leo Kiely III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Robert. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Swartzberg with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks operator, good morning everyone. 
W. Leo Kiely III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Mark. 
Timothy V. Wolf - Global Chief Financial Officer: Hi Mark. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: I guess Kevin, two questions on Canada on a local currency basis. Firstly, on Coors Light, was pricing net sales per barrel for the brand up in the quarter year-on-year? 
Kevin Boyce - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada: Yes, it was. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you give us some idea of how much? 
Kevin Boyce - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada: Net sales per barrel; I'd say very low single-digit. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. And then same thing with Molson Canadian. It sounds like it was down, was it down low single-digit, down mid single-digit, what level of decline in terms of current local currency was it down? 
Kevin Boyce - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada: In terms of the net sales per barrel or absolute? 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, net sales per barrel local currency. 
Kevin Boyce - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada: It was probably up a touch. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Up at touch. 
Kevin Boyce - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada: Yes. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And you feel like both those brands because of the first half being a little more competitive, you'll see a little bit of an improvement in the second half? 
Kevin Boyce - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada: Well it's always hard to tell, but if you look historically at the industry, a lot of the push if you like has come in the earlier part of the year, but I guess it depends on the plans that everybody has and where they are relative to their targets. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Great. And those numbers were total region, right? 
Kevin Boyce - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada: Total country, yes. 
Mark Swartzberg - Stifel Nicolaus: Great, thank Kevin. 
Kevin Boyce - President and Chief Executive Officer, Molson Canada: Okay. 
W. Leo Kiely III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Mark. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christine Farkas with Merrill Lynch. 
Christine Farkas - Merrill Lynch: Actually, all my questions has been answered, thank you. 
Timothy V. Wolf - Global Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Christine. 
W. Leo Kiely III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Christine. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane from Banc of America. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities LLC: Hey, good morning guys. 
W. Leo Kiely III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hey Bryan. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities LLC: Couple of question; first Tim, if you could just touch on working capital and I may have missed this in your prepared remarks, but just working capital in the quarters seemed awful high? 
Timothy V. Wolf - Global Chief Financial Officer: Yes, absolutely and it was high obviously building inventories, gabbled off a bunch of it, but we had timing difference in payables and receivables in the U.K. Obviously, there is a big, big swing there, given the size of some of our customers there. We have higher bonus payments this year than last year. Last year, they were meager, this year they were stronger. So there is a higher payments there. So we have lot of working capital movement the wrong way in the second quarter, but again I had focused you and others on the underlying performance, virtually all of the working capital use if you will, in my mind it's timing and if anything if you look at how Shenandoah is operating, how our plants were operating, how are Canadian supply chain will work pre and post Edmonton closure, if anything are objective will be to cycle tighter faster useless working capital and I think we've got the plans and direction in place to do just that. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities LLC: Okay. And then a follow up on Judy's question on pension. On the P&L next year given the amount that you put into your pension now, will pension expense become a point of positive leverage next year? 
Timothy V. Wolf - Global Chief Financial Officer: Well if what you are asking is, we are seeking pension income? The answer is no. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities LLC: Okay. 
Timothy V. Wolf - Global Chief Financial Officer: I mean this is... our objective is to have I mean, have our operating businesses generating more profit as a result of good investments growing our business. We are a beer company not a pension income company. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities LLC: Right. 
Timothy V. Wolf - Global Chief Financial Officer: Right? So our job on the pension side is to mitigate risk, moderate and lower the amount of cash we have to put in because our pensions are well funded and returning adequately at a very, very acceptable level of risk. So to me, the way I look at the business I think our CFOs look at the business is pension income is nice, but that's not what we seek to do. We seek to sell more beer, so the going in proposition for 2008 is we will have less, I mean, I'll go into some of this detail next month, but to have less pension income per se and more risk mitigation and less need to put more cash into our pension funds. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities LLC: Okay great. And then just one last if I could, on the Shenandoah brewery, did you operate... this quarter did you operate it full capacity this summer and then looking ahead, did your cost savings assumptions assume any ramp down in production or in your investment in Golden. I guess meaning, as Shenandoah wraps up, ramps up the full capacity, it leaves open the possibility to start reducing the cost and shrinking your footprint a bit in Golden, is that part of what's in your cost savings estimates going forward? 
Frits van Paasschen - President and Chief Executive Officer, Coors Brewing Company: Yes Bryan, this is Frits. To be clear, Shenandoah is fully up to speed. In fact, it just had a few weeks operating and more than a 100% of what we anticipated its ability to perform, that's both in brewing and in packaging. So we are actually thrilled with the performance of that facility and invite everybody to come down and have a look when hey have a chance. So the first part of your question is, is Shenandoah up and running, absolutely in a great shape. The second part of your question relates to, are there further cost savings coming through Golden? I would answer that a little bit more broadly and that is first of all, as we grow the business, we will continue to have to put out quite a bit of volume through our Golden brewery operations. But having said that we continue to invest in fine ways to make the most of that facility to automate where we can and drive efficiencies and yes, those kinds of savings are absolutely built into our cost projections for the year. 
Timothy V. Wolf - Global Chief Financial Officer: Bryan, this is Tim. Just as a add on to Frits and Dennis Puffer's modesty, I mean, if you look at the way Shenandoah was operating, its about 50%, about 47% of last look, more productive than Golden on a per person per barrel basis. And what they are achieving is by having brewing and packaging capacities in an obviously close proximity. The packaging capacities which already were among the most efficient in the world, are operating at even a higher levels of efficiency. So the story is not completely told yet, in terms of how high is up but I think Frits' and Dennis' teams have done a spectacular job in beginning to squeeze even greater savings of over and apart from just the freight savings out of the Shenandoah decision. 
Frits van Paasschen - President and Chief Executive Officer, Coors Brewing Company: And just to build again on what Tim saying, I want to call you back towards what Leo read in the prepared remarks, which is as we get to the second half of the year, we won't be in the position of anniversarying the Memphis closure from a year ago. So the savings that we have achieved in the first half of the year are certainly better than they will be in the second half. 
Bryan D. Spillane - Banc of America Securities LLC: Okay great, thanks guys. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Kaumil Gajrawala from UBS. 
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS: Hi. Can you talk a little bit about what's behind some of the growth in Keystone and what it... where it is as a percent our portfolio now that its being going double-digits I guess for about 6 months or so? 
Frits van Paasschen - President and Chief Executive Officer, Coors Brewing Company: Yes. There are really 2 drivers to Keystone, right. Now one is we think we have a... we found a real chord with the lower premium drinkers around our positioning smooth even when you are not and based on the substance that we think Keystone is... the Keystone White is the smoothest of the below premium beers and that's a great place to be with the product. But in addition to that, because of the velocities we've enjoyed through that positioning, our distribution growth has been ahead of even what we hoped for and that is one of our stretch objectives for the year. And given the relative share of Keystone Light compared to the other major below premium brands and the consequent lower distribution that we have today with Keystone that distribution growth is an opportunity we see paying off for the next several years. So I don't think its by any means, an accident its a relationship between great positioning and frankly a terrific product and then some very focused efforts around gaining distribution, which we see is a long term opportunity. 
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS: It's useful. Could I just maybe drill a little bit deeper, if you could talk about channel a little bit as it relates to Keystone? 
Frits van Paasschen - President and Chief Executive Officer, Coors Brewing Company: We are seeing growth really across channels both in sea store and key accounts in groceries and the growth has been terrific actually for us. 
Kaumil S. Gajrawala - UBS: Okay great thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Kiely, I am showing no further questions. 
W. Leo Kiely III - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Matt; thanks everybody for being with us. For those of you who will be Boston, we will see you soon and for those of you who won't, we will track to you at end of third quarter. Thanks for your continued interest in Molson Coors and have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day.
