===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Teledyne's First Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Here is our first speaker, Mr. Jason VanWees.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman, and we're about to begin our first quarter 2025 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian; CEO, Edwin Roks; President and COO, George Bobb; and EVP and CFO, Steve Blackwood; and finally, Melanie Cibik, EVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary. After remarks by Robert, Edwin, George and Steve, we will ask for your questions. But of course, before we get started, attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats, as noted in the earnings release and our SEC filings. And of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast, and a replay via webcast and dial-in, will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our earnings call. In the first quarter, we achieved many records, including first quarter total sales, which increased 7.4%, accelerating for two quarters in a row and growing at the greatest rate in years. Sales also increased organically in every segment. Furthermore, non-GAAP earnings per share and GAAP earnings per share and operating -- non-GAAP operating margin were also a record for any first quarter. We're pleased to close the Qioptiq carve-out acquisition in the first quarter, but I should note also that a few months before closing, Qioptiq was awarded major new contracts with both the U.K. and German Ministry of Defense resulting in multiyear acquired backlog. In any event, even excluding this acquired backlog, orders for Teledyne as a whole exceeded sales for the sixth consecutive quarter. We continue to execute our strategy, which has delivered long-term results regardless of economic and political uncertainty; that is, maintained a balanced and resilient mix of commercial and government businesses across a broad range of geographies and markets and we continue to improve margins in existing businesses and acquire and integrate complementary companies. Before further commenting on the quarter, I wanted to offer some perspective given the current unpredictable operating environment. While we're going to focus on what we can control, it's worth noting the following. Teledyne has never believed that offshoring U.S. manufacturing and technology was a wise action. As a result, we have little low-cost country manufacturing, we are a net exporter, and most of our external sales are produced and sold within regions. To be specific, approximately 80% of our sales are from U.S.-based locations to U.S.-based customers or our international locations to international customers. Of the remaining 20% of total sales, approximately 80%, or roughly 16% of the total, are U.S. export sales to international locations, but only 2% of total sales are U.S. export sales to China. Finally, just 4% of external sales are from Teledyne international locations to U.S.-based customers where new tariffs may apply for our customers. Now, regarding our own supply chain, we import relatively little from China and Mexico with the 2024 annual value of each less than $25 million. Our largest import from Canada is internal sales of unmanned air systems for the U.S. Military, a large portion of which we believe would be subject to U.S. DoD duty-free exemption. While we are not immune to the current 10%-plus of tariff rates or certainly the pre-pause liberation day proposed tariff rates, we are certainly planning actions to protect margins as the landscape evolves. That includes: taking further exemptions under the U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement and from the United States Department of Defense, as well as taking advantage of recent exemptions for import of certain electronic components, and then finally, of course, pricing actions where we find necessary. Turning to our full year sales and earnings outlook, we must assume that the market uncertainty will have some impact. While this is nearly impossible to quantify, we've assumed a negative sales impact of perhaps about 1% of annual sales, offset by the Qioptiq acquisition, resulting in 2025 estimated sales of approximately $6 billion. Also, while we exceeded our first quarter midpoint guidance of $4.85, and we expect a contribution from Qioptiq, which is now included in our outlook, we think it's wise to maintain our full year earnings outlook. Edwin and George may now briefly comment on the performance of our four business segments.
Edwin Roks: Thank you, Robert. This is Edwin, and I will report on the Digital Imaging segment, which represents approximately 52% of Teledyne's portfolio. First quarter 2025 sales increased 2.2% compared with last year. The performance last year reflected an increase in sales for both [indiscernible] and FLIR Defense and Industrial business, a relatively flat sales across the balance of our portfolio, where increased sales of space-based infrared detectors and semiconductors were largely offset by ongoing weakness in certain markets such as X-ray detectors for consumer discretionary sensitive dental market. Non-GAAP operating margin improved 31 basis points, primarily due to the contribution of FLIR as well as space-based sensor business. George will now report on the other three segments, which represent the balance of Teledyne.
George Bobb: Thanks, Edwin. In the Instrumentation segment, which consists of our marine, environmental and test and measurement businesses, first quarter total sales increased 3.9% versus last year, with organic growth of 2.6%. Overall sales of marine instruments increased 9.5%, 6.5% of which was organic due to both strong offshore energy and subsea defense sales. Sales of environmental instruments decreased 2%, primarily due to lower sales of laboratory instrumentation and emissions monitoring instruments. However, orders were strong for the first quarter book-to-bill of 1.11x. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems, which include oscilloscopes, protocol analyzers and ethernet traffic generators, increased 1.5% year-over-year. Instrumentation operating margin in the first quarter increased 97 basis points to 27% and 88 basis points on a non-GAAP basis to 27.9%. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, first quarter organic sales increased 7.8%, driven by growth of defense electronics products. Including the two recent acquisitions, sales increased 30.6%. Overall, segment operating profit increased year-over-year, but GAAP and non-GAAP segment margin decreased as expected due to transaction and integration costs as well as comparatively lower current margins in the new acquisitions. For the Engineered Systems segment, first quarter revenue increased 14.9% and segment operating profit increased 719 basis points due in part to an easy comparison with last year which included higher cost to complete estimates on certain programs that did not recur in Q1 2025. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, George. In conclusion, despite recent volatility in capital markets as well as economic uncertainty, our performance to date has been resilient and strong. Each of our total orders, sales, margins and earnings increased in the first quarter. While organic sales increased in each segment, we also completed two acquisitions and ended the quarter with a leverage ratio of just 1.8x. While we cannot predict the future, I continue to believe our balanced mix of businesses, strong cash flow, healthy balance sheet, and acquisition pipeline creates more long-term opportunities than risks for Teledyne if the current economic stress continues. I will now turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Blackwood: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our second quarter and full year 2025 outlook. In the first quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $242.6 million compared with $291 million in 2024. Free cash flow, that is cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $224.6 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared with $275.1 million in 2024. Cash flow decreased year-over-year in the first quarter due in part to lower customer cash advances received in the first quarter of 2025 compared with 2024. Capital expenditures were $18 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared with $15.9 million in 2024. Depreciation and amortization expense was $80.7 million in the first quarter of 2025 compared with $78 million in 2024. We ended the quarter with $2.5 billion of net debt, that is approximately $2.96 billion of debt less cash of $461.5 million. Now, turning to our outlook, which includes the acquisitions of Micropac and Qioptiq. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2025 will be in the range of $4.00 to $4.15 per share, with non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $4.95 to $5.05. And for the full year 2025, we believe that GAAP earnings per share will be in the range of $17.35 to $17.83, and we are maintaining our prior non-GAAP outlook of $21.10 to $21.50 per share. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Steve. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Konrad: Appreciate all the detail, but maybe just to start with the tariffs, it seems like you took about 1 point out of revenues, including the M&A contribution. Can you maybe just level set us where you see the biggest potential impact? And maybe how does that correlate it with expected organic growth for the year? And also any change to expected FX headwinds?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Actually, the 1% that I took out for revenue was from the total that included acquisitions. So, the total had increased because of the Qioptiq acquisition by $180 million. We took down about $100 million from there. So, the reality of the outlook is that the impact of -- you're asking about tariffs first, Greg? I just want to make sure I have this right.
Greg Konrad: Well, I'm assuming it's all somewhat related. So, I guess, just the thought process behind the 1 point of revenue that came out of the outlook and maybe where you expect that to impact the business the most?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. I think most of that is just really -- I'm just -- we're just looking at the GDP, I'm assuming it's going to get a hit of 1%. So, let's -- it's kind of a bigger picture. It's not going to affect a couple of our segments at all. It's going to probably affect a little bit of Digital Imaging and a little bit of Instruments. I'm going to say, in Digital Imaging, maybe $20 million from before and in Instruments maybe another $20 million. So, you're looking at maybe $16 million Digital Imaging, maybe $20 million in Instruments. I don't think it's going to affect our Aerospace and Defense or Engineering Systems. It's just a rounding up of what I think or what people think, and I believe it, but if things continue, there's going to be about 1% to the overall growth in our GDP. So, we're just taking it as a ballpark.
Greg Konrad: And I guess just, I guess, more on the tariff side, you mentioned all of the moving pieces. I mean, how do you think about the net impact, just thinking about margins, given you mentioned some of the pricing and localized production? How do you think about the margin impact from those or potential margin impact?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Let me start, Greg, if I may, there are two components of the tariffs, as you well know. The first component is what happens for our supply chain and the increase in the cost of the supplies. That we estimate that, that could be -- we know that we -- in 2024, about $700 million of our products that supplies that we imported both internally and externally aren't going to be affected. And we assumed that, if it goes from 1% to 15% tariffs, so you're going to have a 14% increase, which is about $100 million in cost. That we can mitigate some of that and reduce it to less than $70 million, which would probably drop to maybe $18 million a quarter. The second part of the tariffs is the -- on the revenue side, that is -- how much is it going to affect our revenue. As I mentioned before, we think that that's going to have some effect only where we sell from U.S.-based locations to international customers. And I said before, less than 2% to China. So, 80% of what we make and sell is either made in the U.S. sold in the U.S., made internationally sold internationally. Only 17% is based in locations selling to international customers from the U.S. and then only 4% from Teledyne international locations back to the U.S. So, I think it's important to put those two in perspective because they're a little different. I look at the supply chain issue, which I just said could be as much as $18 million a quarter in two ways. First, there's a similarity to what we experienced in 2021 and 2022 where we had to cough up a lot of money to brokers because of scarcity of materials, especially electronic components. Second, supplies that are coming in at a higher cost don't really impact the P&L immediately. They go initially in our inventory, so they affect the balance sheet. We have inventory on hand. And if you look at 3 to 4 turns a year, it doesn't really affect the immediate quarter. It's going to probably start rolling in, in the Q3, Q4, and that's where we see an increased cost of goods sold. And this is all before we do our pricing actions. So, yes, I'm giving you a very long answer because I think I'm going to get the same question multiple times. Yes, the tariffs are going to affect us. Overall, GDP may go down 1%, we may go down 1%, and but our revenue is still going to increase year-over-year. And we're assuming with acquisitions, our average revenue for the year would go up about 6%. So, I feel pretty good about all of the above.
Greg Konrad: And then maybe just sneaking in one last one. You said U.S. to international, less than 2% of that's China. I believe China is maybe 5% of your total sales. Can you maybe just talk about what you're seeing into that region, given -- I'm assuming that was probably already volatile before all of this, just broader trends within China?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Going back to the overall, overall is maybe 4%, not quite 5%, 2% of it coming from U.S. what do we sell there? One of the things that we sell there are avionic computers that go onboard commercial airlines that have to be certified. We also sell oscilloscope and protocol analyzers. Some of the avionics actually are going to go there regardless of tariffs because they're needed or if you're going to fly commercial airlines and have a certified system. Of that, then you go back and look at oscilloscopes, that comes from U.S. high-end oscilloscope, and that might affect us somewhat. And some of the machine vision staff that might be affected, they're not U.S.-based really. They're foreign-based products that we make. We make most of our machine vision products in Canada and in Europe. So, they may be affected indirectly. Yes, it's going to cause a little pain, but again, we'll make it up somewhere else.
Greg Konrad: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Buscaglia with BNP Paribas.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, Robert, on that -- the comment of 1% coming up, can you comment about risk related to any government spending cuts that you're seeing? Is any of that contemplated in that? And how do you see Teledyne managing through that?
Robert Mehrabian: To be very honest, I don't think that's going to affect us. The kinds of cuts they're talking about with us, yes, we do have things that may be at risk. If they go to NASA, we have some NASA programs and others. But in the bigger picture, it might even be good for us in some ways because we participate in space programs in a very healthy way, and that's one of the domains that we're actually increasing our revenue. We participate in space programs, both science space, which is pretty big for us, and we also participate in defense space. In the defense space, which is about 60% of our overall space programs, we think there's going to be growth from all of these activities going reduction and then increases in other domains. So, the answer to your question, the short and long answer to your question is that, overall, we believe that the effect to us is going to not be significant. And if there is one, it will improve our defense programs in missile warning and tracking and intelligence surveillance, et cetera, et cetera. We have about 20 defense programs related to space at the current time.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Got it. And yeah, I think it's a logical assumption in terms of how you're thinking about the top-line. What are you seeing in terms of your short-cycle sales more recently? Are you seeing that play out? Some of that business is getting worse? And specifically, can you comment on test and measurement and machine vision, which had been struggling as of late?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. I think the effects are going to be somewhat minimal. I think test and measurement may get affected a little bit. We -- overall, we think for the year, test and measurement is going to be fairly flat. So that, I think, is an effect. Instruments as a whole, which includes environmental marine and test and measurement, I think it's going to be okay. It's going to grow maybe 2.5% to 3%. Going back to machine vision, there are two parts to it, as you know. There's the FLIR part. And that is doing actually pretty well, especially FLIR Defense. There is some effect on the industrial cameras, especially infrared, handheld and stationary cameras, but that's going to be fairly flat year-over-year. We think what will happen in the FLIR side is that defense is doing so well that, that will offset any negativity there. The only area of Digital Imaging that we believe it could affect is the continuing weakness in our sensor sales. Our cameras are coming back -- this is legacy Digital Imaging. Our cameras are coming back a little slower than we hope, sensors are lagging even more because people who buy our sensors have to develop new cameras and the market incentives aren't really there. But if you come back and look at it as a whole, big picture, our book-to-bill across the company is 1.05. Our instruments book-to-bill is 1.04. Overall, Digital Imaging book-to-bill is 1.11. Aerospace and Defense is slightly under 1 and Engineered Systems, which is very lumpy business, is under 1, but we're not worried about that because we had revenue increases there. So, overall, I'd say, yeah, we'll see some short-term effects in some of our short-cycle businesses, but overall, we should be fine.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Very clear. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, thanks. Good morning. Question about steps/actions you may take in terms of offsetting some of the pressure that you might see on margins. Robert, I'm wondering how you're thinking about driving margin improvement in some of the newly acquired businesses over the next several quarters?
Robert Mehrabian: Jim, that's a really grand question. First, if I look at the overall margin for the year across all of our businesses, we are projecting margin improvement of about 60 basis points for the year. In Q1, we had margin improvement of about 80 basis points year-over-year. And one of the reasons that we think the margins are -- improvements are going to be slightly less is because of the acquisitions. And if you take an acquisition like Qioptiq, which moves our needle a little bit, in the first quarter, their margins were lower as we always have when we acquired a business. They're going to hit our Aerospace and Defense overall by 200 basis points. But the way we look at it, every quarter going forward, their margins are going to improve as we have done with every acquisition in our portfolio. And eventually, they'll have the same margins and everything else. So, in a way, I look at it and say, okay, what is the effect right now? In Q1, we only had them for two months. For the year, we're going to have them for 11 months. It's going to hit Aerospace and Defense margins somewhat, but -- and it is going to decrease it maybe 180 basis points, but our defense margins before that were -- Aerospace and Defense were 28.6%. So -- and they're going to improve every quarter. So, by next year, it's all going to be fine. And every acquisition we've made does the same thing. Lowers the margin, but actually contributes to the bottom-line. And as we said, we expect Qioptiq to add another $0.15 to our overall earnings.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. That's helpful, Robert. The follow-up question I had is historically, in periods like this, Teledyne has taken advantage of opportunities. I'm just wondering, are you seeing more -- potentially more acquisition opportunities in the current environment? Or is it too early?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, it's a little early, but historically, as we said, Jim, every time there's been stress, economic stress, we've taken a little hit just like everybody else, but we have done two things. The three times that I remember, there were similar economic stresses, we increased our cash -- free cash flow. We had record cash flow. Last year, we had a record cash flow of over $1 billion. I expect to have something close to that this year. As we come out of these things or even during these, we make acquisitions. In 2017, as an example, we bought e2v following 2014 to '16 depression. This year, we bought Qioptiq, and we also bought Micropac. Having said that, our pipeline is relatively healthy, both in smaller and, what we like to call, mid-sized acquisitions. We've already spent about $750 million in the first quarter buying two businesses. And we -- if we don't do anything else, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio, which is now at 1.8x will go to 1.2x because of our cash generation. So, I'm looking forward to making some acquisitions, and it really depends on how competitive the environment is because there are some other doing the same thing as we are. There are some things available, but we don't want to overpay them because if you overpay, then you pay for it later rather than sooner.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thanks very much.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Jordan Lyonnais with Bank of America.
Jordan Lyonnais: Hey, good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Jordan.
Jordan Lyonnais: Could you guys talk a little bit about what you're expecting in our Aerospace and Defense segment or FLIR with the U.S. FY '26 budget moving to $1 trillion and also European rearmament, where should we be looking to see Teledyne?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Let me just first say, let's just stay with defense for a second, two parts. Obviously, U.S. defense increases, we're going to have increased sales. And in Q1, our defense sales year-over-year increased about 18.7%. Now, there are two parts. Obviously, U.S. defense is going to increase because we have some healthy products ranging from unmanned vehicles, that probably one of the only companies that I can name that have unmanned vehicles in the air, on the ground and underwater vehicles. Second, the defense, we also, of course, make all kinds of components that go into the defense domain. FLIR makes some very unique products for our defense. Let me move to Europe, because that's just as important. Currently, we sell -- in 2024, let's say, we sell $447 million of product into European defense across many countries. If the defense budget and that includes, by the way, I'm kind of taking the Qioptiq that we just bought and going backwards and saying, "Well, how much did they sell last year? And so, I'm putting that in that $447 million and the small Micropac acquisition. So, if you look at our defense budget, it's about 3.3%, if I'm correct, of our GDP. European defense budget at about $500 billion, have been about 2% of the GDP. Everything we hear says they're planning to increase that to $800 billion to $900 billion over the next five years. As a minimum, we expect to maintain our share with what we have, which is the $447 million growing proportionate to what they increase their budgets with as. Furthermore, we think considering the kinds of products that we make, we're going to enjoy getting more of the share of those primarily due to the fact that we have unique products that they need, like our -- I just mentioned our unmanned systems, but also, we have a good manufacturing footprint of our defense products in Europe. We have it in the U.K., we have it in Sweden, and we have it in other locations. We make our unmanned vehicles, some of them in Iceland. We have them in Denmark, et cetera. So, there's two-folds to it. One, we already enjoyed. Second, we -- it's growing. We're going to grow with it. And third, there's going to be domestic manufacturing requirements that are going to go into all of the new programs which we enjoy our footprint in Europe. I said we don't have a manufacturing footprint in Southeast Asia. We've avoided it, but not in Europe because we bought a lot of businesses that we've invested in European defense.
Jordan Lyonnais: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you so much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Damian Karas with UBS.
Damian Karas: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Damian.
Damian Karas: Good morning. I was wondering if you might be able to clarify your prior comments about 1% lower GDP and factoring that into the full year guidance. Have you actually started seeing any slowdown in Digital Imaging and Instrumentation over, say, the last month since all this tariff news and the tit-for-tat started? Or are you just kind of derisking because of this cloud of uncertainty, if you will, because I guess if I think about all those book-to-bill numbers that you cited, they were all pretty positive?
Robert Mehrabian: I think your -- two-fold. First, we do see some weaknesses in certain areas, but there's nothing new about that. Test and measurement, oscilloscopes, some of the stuff we sell overseas like to China, yeah, that's affected. But I think you're right. It's my guess. It's a guess. Now somebody might say 1% is too much, somebody might say 1% is too little. That's my guess. If it turns out not to be there, I'd be very happy.
Damian Karas: I think we all will be. Thank you for that. And then, not to beat a dead horse here on tariffs, but you mentioned that some of the higher costs, you won't see that in the P&L immediately as it sits in inventory. But I'm just curious, have you taken any price actions so far or made any adjustments in your supply chain to offset some of this cost inflation that you expect to creep in?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. First, obviously, just like 2021-'22, Damian, we jumped on that very fast. First, you got to do a good analysis of what's happening and how it's going to affect you. So, we start there. Then, there are exemptions to those. As I mentioned, for example, we make a lot of unmanned vehicles in Canada and we import them to the U.S. So, we're studying very carefully to make sure that we enjoy the DoD exemptions in that domain. Sometimes, you can also assemble some internal products in a different location where you manufacture the components and assemble them somewhere else. We're looking at that. Finally, we have to take price action where we're getting hurt, and we will do that, and we will pass some of that on. So, in totality, there's a whole bunch of things. The most important one is the longer it takes for things to affect us the better it is for us in terms of going from inventory to cost of goods sold and having time to take actions to offset what's coming our way. Pricing opportunities, we're going to use them wherever we can. And in the first quarter, we actually had a volume increase of 2.3% or so in our products. So, even with some pricing actions that we took. So, it worries me, but not a lot. Look, we've been through this before a number of times. And what you got to do is hunker down and do what you do best. We're very disciplined, do small things very well and don't expect miracles to happen.
Damian Karas: It makes total sense. Thanks a lot, Robert. Good luck out there.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen.
Joe Giordano: Hey, guys. How are you?
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Giordano: Can you kind of go through the backlog with us? I know you mentioned it said all-time highs, but there was also some acquired backlog of some major multiyear stuff you got from Qioptiq. So, like how does that look excluding that?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, the Qioptiq backlog that we acquired increased about $60 million because of the two new programs. Overall backlog, I think year-over-year is at the highest we've had, including Qioptiq, it's about I'm going to say about $4 billion, which for us is pretty healthy. Of that, about $450 million is Qioptiq. So, 10% Qioptiq, the rest legacy Teledyne. And some of that is obviously multiyear. But the way we look at it always is what is your book-to-bill in each quarter annualized, and how are you doing in the short-cycle businesses that you don't have much backlog? That's the one area that we always very concerned and always very attentive to because some products, we book and ship in two, three weeks, some of our products, environmental products, maybe a month, some of our cameras, whether infrared or visible could be two weeks to four weeks. So that's the area that we kind of keep an eye on very carefully. The longer-term backlog, I don't worry too much about that.
Joe Giordano: Yeah. What about on the -- some of the stuff that if we talk about DOGE and some of the NASA stuff that you have that's more personnel flight control kind of things. What -- like can you talk about the margin profile of the things that are at risk versus the margin profile of the things that you think are still growing?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, on the margin profile of things like space -- like the space station, where we do a lot of work in designing experiments, training astronauts, coordinating space flights, whatever, that's our lowest margin business. It's in the 6% to 7%. The overall margins in our Engineered Systems business, which includes both fixed cost and cost plus, half and half, are the lowest margins in the company, around 10%. Having said that, some of the space stuff that's coming out, whether it's the Golden Dome, whether it's putting satellites in space to be able to do look down at what missile warning and tracking, some of the ground-based simulation stuff, those are our higher-margin businesses, and of course, our unmanned systems. So, if you add them all up, if we -- let's say, something happens to the NASA budget, yeah, we'll take a hit in revenue, but it's not going to affect us so much in our bottom-line, because that's our lowest margin business. On the flip side, if that money is not reprogrammed into other space programs, we're going to enjoy those because we have very healthy margins, and we have tremendous heritage in space. Just to give you an example, in the science space, which, in a way, translates to our military and defense space, we've participated in 162 missions, science missions. We have spent 1.8 -- 1,800 mission years in space. We have a lot of detectors, almost 1,000 detectors out there with zero device failures. And when the government starts investing in the space, they're going to look for companies like ours that can actually make those very sophisticated stuff that they have made before and have a track record. So, I think if the DOGE thing flips the way it looks like that is some low-margin businesses may go away, higher-margin businesses, more difficult things to make come back. I think it'd be to our advantage.
Joe Giordano: Yeah, I think that's an important point. And if I could just sneak in one last thing. The stuff that you're selling to China outside of the -- like the commercial air avionics stuff that you said is -- has to go regardless. Is the rest of that stuff -- I'm thinking oscilloscopes and environmental kind of environmental equipment. Is that basically at zero now, like with tariffs [145%] (ph)? Is that like effectively an embargo when tariffs are that high?
Robert Mehrabian: You can't say that. It's not zero, but it's going down, yeah. Everybody is waiting to see what happens. Some of our distributors are putting a hold on things. Some of them are taking the higher cost materials because they have no choice. We'll deal with that. When you look at export to China 2% is -- half of it is really not going to be affected. Yeah, I worry about that, but I don't worry too much about it. We don't make stuff in China that we bring to the U.S. That's for sure. Some of our cameras go to China. Some of our stuff like X-ray detectors for dental systems, we've already suffered the consequences of China, like everybody else does when they sell product there. We sell product there, pretty soon the product is imitated, produced and sold at a lower cost. So, what you've got to do is move upmarket and make more sophisticated products continuously. It worries me, but not a whole lot.
Joe Giordano: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Guy Hardwick with Freedom Capital Markets.
Guy Hardwick: Hi. Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Guy.
Guy Hardwick: I know you touched on it earlier, but could you mind just maybe explain a little bit more about the Canadian business? I mean, your filings reveal it's a substantial business. Could you -- how much of obviously DALSA is based there? How much of the business is commercial versus government? Because you said that the government business may be exempt from tariffs. And there's also there's content rules. I understand that if a product is as much as 20% U.S. content, it could be exempt as well. So that's my first question. The second question on the $700 million of COGS. I presume that is components for imported into the U.S.?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Let me answer the second question first because I have it in my head right away. I got to kind of pick the rest up. On the $700 million, it's composed of two parts, things that we make and bring in the U.S., and then supplies that -- like material supplies that we buy, including electronics that go into products that we make in the U.S. So, if you go to just the stuff that we make and bring into the U.S., those would be both commercial and defense. Some of the defense stuff, like I mentioned, unmanned air vehicle, obviously, the U.S. DoD is buying them because they need them and use them. Some of the commercial stuff like cameras, they might be subject to -- within that $700 million, they might be subject to the 10% or so tariff. We'll work with that. It's not, as I said before multiple times, forgive me if I repeat myself, it won't affect us immediately because that stuff goes into inventory. We already have inventory that's going to be used to make products, let's say, for Q2. And the inventory rolls 3x to 4x a year. So, we see some of it in Q3 then a full bore in Q4 maybe. But in the meantime, there's a lot of things that can happen, including actions that we take. Now, going back to how much we make in Canada, I have to say that there's two sides to that, as we make, as I said, drones and military products, we have about 2,000 in Europe. In Canada, we have, I'm going to say, maybe 2,000 employees. And if you take the average revenue per employee in Canada, I don't know, it maybe $250,000 per employee. So, you can multiply that out, I'm talking about, what, $500 million in all made in Canada. And the beauty of Teledyne is we don't make everything anywhere else except the U.S. We make pieces of things here -- in Canada, pieces of it in England, pieces of it in Iceland, pieces of it Netherlands, which spread across Western countries, and that's good for us because where we make stuff in Europe, that's not going to be subject to European tariffs, obviously. And so, yes, we're going to have to take some hits if this environment continues and not worry about it, but it doesn't keep me up at night.
Guy Hardwick: But just to be clear, so I mean, you're saying it's a fairly balanced business between commercial and government, or is it more weighted towards government in Canada?
Robert Mehrabian: I would think most of it, more commercial than government because our defense business coming from Canada is not that large. I would say 70-30, 80-20 of that. I don't have the numbers in front of me, and I don't want to take guesses, but I can get you those numbers and have Jason supply to you.
Guy Hardwick: Okay. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Jamieson with Vertical Research Partners.
Rob Jamieson: Hey, good morning. Just a couple of quick ones. Just one clarification on tariffs. Sorry, I joined late. The underlying tariffs that you're assuming on the impacts and everything that you laid out, which is very clear, is that like China at 145%, and then, just what's been presented by the administration so far?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. I guess you can say China of that order if maybe a little higher, maybe 150%, 160%, Canada 25%, United Kingdom 11%, France 10%, Denmark 10%, and then when you roll it all up, it's about 15% across our portfolio.
Rob Jamieson: Perfect. Thank you. And then just on capital allocation. I appreciate the color you gave on acquisitions and how that looks, but how should we think about prioritization between deleveraging and buybacks over the next couple of quarters?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me go to the buybacks. We buy back -- bought our stock back only two times and we've brought them back when our stock price went below what we thought was prudent. We brought stock back in 2015, at about -- 2015 to 2016, about $100 a share. And we bought, let's say, about $325 million of our stock. Last year, our stock dropped to $350, $355 or so, and we bought it. But then we stopped when it hit $400. So, it's very important to look at the window of when we buy the stock. We can always buy the stock, but it's prudent we can get much more returns in buying companies, improving them and having both revenue and EPS attrition, like we're talking about Qioptiq as a recent example, or FLIR three years ago. So, the buyback would be exceptions when our stock is low, and there's nothing really available that we can look at. Our preference is always to buy companies. So, we'll buy back opportunistically when we have to or we have nothing else to do. In terms of capital, right now, we're sitting at 1.8x. By the way, we have long-term debt that Steve mentioned, and we have cash. But if you look at our long-term debt, it's all fixed and it's fixed at average of about 2.4%, and it spreads from two years hence out to 2029, 2030. And frankly, we can pay that down, but it would be stupid because we can get better interest rates in the immediate market than what we're paying. So, we're generating cash. We're sitting at 1.8x. If we don't do anything, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio will go down to 1.2x by year-end. And if we don't do anything, another year, we'll go down to [0.5x] (ph). So, we have a lot of muscle to buy things and we will. If the price is right, and if it has strategically fits with what we're doing. We not going to just go out and buy stuff because it's available. We're going to buy stuff that we can run, it fits with our portfolio and our strategy. So -- and we generate about $1 billion of cash a year. So, we're going to be fine.
Rob Jamieson: That's great. Very clear. Thank you. And then, just one last one on test and measure. I know it's a small business for you guys, but looks broadly in line with expectations. Any puts and takes you can give us just on the end markets that you serve there and how trading developed through the quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. We sell primarily two products and one smaller product. The primary product that we sell are oscilloscopes and primarily high-end oscilloscopes, high-bandwidth, high-frequency. And then the second thing we sell are protocols. Protocols are basically the rules with which devices communicate with one another or devices communicate with the clock. We also have a very small piece of Ethernet generators that we bought, which is growing fast, but it's small. It used to be $15 million, it's going to be $30 million. But the primary products we make are oscilloscopes and protocols. And they can be somewhat affected by economic circumstances because there's capital equipment, especially oscilloscopes. In Q1, protocols went up the revenue, oscilloscopes went down, as Ethernet generators went up. There is one thing that we do that is very unique in that we also use our oscilloscopes in our protocol analyzers. So, that's a unique offering that we're able to make since we have such a strong position in protocols so we can sell things, protocol analyzers that utilize our oscilloscopes. So, all in all, it's a nice beautiful business with very high margins, and -- but it is subject to economic downturns.
Rob Jamieson: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. I will ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. If you have follow-up questions, certainly feel free to call me or send me a note on my numbers on the earnings release. And again, thank you, everyone, and talk to you later. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Teledyne's Fourth Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. Here's our first speaker, Mr. Jason VanWees.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. We released our earnings release this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian; CEO, Edwin Roks; President and COO; George Bobb; Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Blackwood, and Melanie Cibik, EVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary. After remarks by Robert, Edwin, George and Steve, we will answer your questions. Of course, though, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast, and a replay, both via webcast and dial in, will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our earnings call. In the fourth quarter, we achieved many all-time records. Record sales increased 5.4% and accelerated from the third quarter. Fourth quarter and full year non-GAAP earnings per share were records, as were fourth quarter and full year non-GAAP operating margins. Finally, our record annual free cash flow, given that, we ended the year with a very low leverage despite $1.1 billion of capital deployment in fiscal 2024. We successfully closed the Micropac acquisition at the beginning of fiscal 2025 and we continue to expect the completion of the Excelitas carve-out transaction in the first quarter. We entered 2025 optimistic about our business portfolio in both commercial and defense markets. Our short-cycle commercial businesses improved throughout 2024 and comparison eased in 2025. We also believe our defense businesses, which favor purchase orders versus protracted appropriations, unmanned versus manned platforms and standard products versus highly customized solutions are well positioned in the current environment. Nevertheless, especially given the very strong US dollar, we believe it's prudent to be a bit cautious in our 2025 outlook. Including the acquisition of Micropac, but excluding the Excelitas carve-out, since this acquisition has not yet closed. We believe 2025 sales may grow approximately 4%, with non-GAAP earnings double that amount at approximately 8% at the center of our outlook range. I will now turn the call over to Edwin, who will further comment on the performance of our Digital Imaging segment.
Edwin Roks: Thank you, Robert. This is Edwin and I will first report on the Digital Imaging segment, which represents approximately 54% of Teledyne's portfolio. Fourth quarter 2024 sales were a record and increased 2.5% compared with last year. The performance of Digital Imaging largely reflected record sales at Teledyne FLIR, with healthy growth across FLIR's commercial and defense infrared imaging systems, unmanned and counter unmanned air systems as well as maritime hardware and software. While sales to industrial machine vision markets declined year-over-year, quarterly sales were at the highest level in 2024. Our legacy space-based imaging business continued to grow. While some healthcare businesses such as cancer radiotherapy were resilient, sales of X-ray detectors for more consumer discretionary dental markets declined year-over-year. Non-GAAP operating margins improved sequentially and year-over-year, primarily due to the contribution from FLIR, which more than offset the year-over-year decline in higher contribution margin machine vision sales. George will now report on the other three segments which represent the balance of Teledyne.
George Bobb: Thanks, Edwin. The Instrumentation segment consists of our marine, environmental and test and measurement businesses, which contributed a little under 25% of sales. For the total segment, overall fourth quarter sales increased 10.1% versus last year, with growth in each major product line. Sales of marine instruments increased 21.1% in the quarter due to both strong offshore energy and subsea defense sales. Sales of environmental instruments increased 1.7%, primarily due to greater sales of laboratory instrumentation as well as air safety instruments. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems, which include oscilloscopes, protocol analyzers and Ethernet traffic generators, sequentially improved for the third consecutive quarter and increased 2.3% year-over-year. Instrumentation operating margin in the fourth quarter increased 27 basis points to 27.3% and 96 basis points on a non-GAAP basis to a record of 29.1%. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, which represents roughly 14% of Teledyne sales, fourth quarter sales increased 6.8%, driven by growth of Defense Electronics products. Overall segment operating profit increased year-over-year, with GAAP and non-GAAP segment margin increasing over 150 basis points. For the Engineered Systems segment, which contributes approximately 8% to overall sales, fourth quarter revenue increased 11%. However, segment operating profit decreased due to higher cost to complete estimates on certain programs. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, George. I'll conclude with a few comments on capital allocation. In 2024, we continued our tradition of prudent and flexible capital deployment. That is, we opportunistically repurchased stock when we felt our shares were very undervalued. While at the same time, we were willing to forgo more large acquisitions when we thought price expectations were unreasonable. But then as our own valuation partially recovered and M&A markets became more rational, we pivoted by stopping repurchases and we're pleased to announce the Micropac and Excelitas acquisitions. Given over $1.1 billion of free cash flow in 2024, our balance sheet capacity is the highest in years and our M&A pipeline remains healthy. Nevertheless, we will continue to exercise discipline and flexibility as we have always done. I will now turn the call over to Steve Blackwood.
Stephen Blackwood: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our first quarter and full year 2025 outlook. To begin, our fourth quarter non-GAAP earnings per share reflect the removal of $16.6 million of FLIR acquisition related tax benefits. Remaining tax benefits of $13.6 million were approximately half offset by a higher tax rate. In the fourth quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $332.4 million compared with $164.4 million in 2023. Cash flow, that is cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures was $303.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $124.2 million in 2023. Cash flow increased in the fourth quarter, primarily due to lower income tax payments, but also due to improved working capital performance. Capital expenditures were $29 million in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared with $40.2 million in 2023. Depreciation and amortization expense was $77.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared with $77.4 million in 2023. For the full year 2024, free cash flow was $1.11 billion. We ended the year with just under $2 billion of net debt. That is approximately $2.65 billion of debt, less cash of approximately $650 million. Now turning to our outlook, which includes the acquisition of Micropac, but excludes the Excelitas carve-out, which has not yet closed. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2025 will be in the range of $3.90 to $4.04 per share, with non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $4.80 to $4.90. And for the full year 2025, we believe that GAAP earnings per share will be in the range of $17.70 and to $18.20 with non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $20.10 (sic) [$21.10] to $21.50. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Steve. We would now like to take your questions. Paul, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Noah Poponak: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Robert, you referenced 4% growth top line in the 2025 guidance. Is that 3% organic and a point from Micropac or is that 4% organic?
Robert Mehrabian: No, it's -- what I mentioned is, as you said, a little over 4%, 3.2% organic and about 1% through acquisitions. Acquisitions include Micropac, Noah, but they also include part of Valeport, which we acquired for our marine businesses and a part of Adimec that we acquired earlier in the year for the Digital Imaging. Those add up to about 1.1%. So 1% -- total is 4.2%, yes.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And if Excelitas closes on schedule, can you talk about what that adds in revenue, EBITDA, earnings to the year?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think it depends on when it closes, as you can appreciate. But I'm going to say, about $15 million a month, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Great. And then maybe if you could just talk about the 3% or slightly over 3% organic assumption. I mean, we've had this discussion for a few quarters now of your short cycle versus your long cycle. I guess in the release, it sounded, it looked like you referenced kind of long cycle still strong. It looked like you were seeing short cycle better. Hard to tell how much better. All the leading indicators there still look a little kind of better but a moving target. So what are you seeing in those businesses in machine vision and instrumentation? And how did you go about deciding what kind of recovery to assume in the guidance in those businesses?
Robert Mehrabian: Okay. So let me start with, if I may, I'll do it by segment, which is, should make it clear. On an organic growth basis, as you and I agree, our target is about 3.2%. If you go to Instruments, which includes marine, environmental and test and measurement, we expect all three of those subsegments to grow with a combined organic growth of 3.8%. In Digital Imaging, we believe the total Digital Imaging organically will grow just under 3%, maybe 2.8%. Aerospace and Defense, right now, we're targeting it at 4%. But once you include that Micropac acquisition we just closed, that will then jump up to 8%. Engineered Systems, we assume it will grow about 2.3% organically. So that kind of is the summary of the segments and the growth. So in other words, Noah, we expect everything to grow organically in the lower single to mid-single-digits.
Noah Poponak: Okay. I appreciate all that detail. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure, Noah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Konrad: Yes, I don't know what they called me upfront. But maybe just starting with the Digital Imaging outlook, I mean, a lot to unpack in the quarter and you have both short cycle and FLIR. Can you maybe just put a finer point on kind of last year into next year, how you're thinking about vision, what you're seeing out of FLIR defense? And maybe stuff like health care that was a little bit weaker in 2024, how you're kind of thinking about that recovery?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me do '24 and then '25. And I'll break it up between FLIR and our what we call our historical Digital Imaging before FLIR. So in '24 over '23, we had a little growth in FLIR overall. Primarily, it was held back by a small business that we have, which deals with mid-market two dimensional area scan, which is kind of a machine vision business. That declined about $40 million. So if you take that out, the rest of FLIR actually increased about $70 million year-over-year and it increased in almost all areas. It increased in our cores, which we sell, microbolometers, as well as indium antimonide cores. It increased in tomography, both infrared, instruments and cameras. And our Raymarine businesses kind of held steady. They were down a little bit, but not much. So overall, FLIR increased. Defense in FLIR did really well and it increased about 9% and all of its various subsegments did well. So FLIR now going to '25, we're assuming about a 2.8% to 3% overall increase because we are still a little cautious about the commercial businesses. But forgive me, FLIR by itself will increase about 3.9%, but we're still a little cautious about the camera businesses. But we think the defense businesses they are very, very healthy because we have really good backlog. If you go to what we call our traditional digital imaging before FLIR, we think the growth is going to be modest. Overall growth would be about 3.1%, but some of that comes from the Adimec acquisition that we did in midyear. So if you subtract that out, it's closer to 1.2%. So when you add those two up, it's overall growth, both through acquisitions and organic for the total Digital Imaging would be about 3.6%. We have part of the reason we're being a little cautious especially in the commercial Digital Imaging, especially the legacy part is because while we had a little bit of tailwind this quarter from foreign exchange, we think we're going to have headwinds right now with the dollar being strong, about 1.3% going into 2025. And if that doesn't change, of course, that's going to affect us. So we're kind of programming it into our projections as we go forward. I hope that answers your question, Greg.
Greg Konrad: Yes. That's good. And then maybe a follow-up. I mean, implied EPS, it seems like you have good margin expansion into 2025. I think in the past, you've maybe talked about mix of some of that short cycle markets, which it doesn't seem like you're embedding any big increases in 2025. Can you maybe just level set the margin outlook and maybe the drivers, just given it doesn't seem like mix would be that much of a tailwind given volume expectations?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me go through the overall company. We finished the year at 22%. We expect that to grow by 80 basis points. Now if you look at the segments, it will be more like 70 basis points. So it will go from what is now 23.4% for the full year 2024 to 24.1% in '25. So there's growth there. If you go to the larger business, which is obviously segment, Digital Imaging. We finished the year from a segment, non-GAAP operating margin at 22.2% for the year. We think we'll get about 80 basis points, which is significant. Next year, maybe a little less, but between 70 and 80 basis points. Some of the other segments, we've had very strong margin growth since 2022. For example, in instruments, our margins between '22 and '24 grew 310 basis points. So we're being a little more cautious. Maybe it will grow in 2025, 45 basis points. And the other thing is that in when you go to Aerospace and Defense, where we've had really excellent growth also of 150 basis points in the last two years, we're a little cautious going into 2025 primarily because the Micropac acquisition is not going to initially have the kinds of margins that we enjoyed there, which were 28.6% in 2024. So we're dialing in maybe 14, 15 basis points increase because of the Micropac effect. Of course, once that thing is tucked in properly, you'll start enjoying margin expansion like all of our acquisitions do. I hope that answered your question, Greg.
Greg Konrad: That's perfect. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Andrew Buscaglia with BNP. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, good morning, guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: I was just trying to understand with 2025, so you're talking about 3.2% organic. Just to be clear, that would include some FX in that organic number? And then do you assume some and how much short cycle recovery do you assume as the year goes on? Can you talk a little bit about the cadence of your estimates?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. First, yes, we do account headwind from FX. As I mentioned, at the present time, it's 1.2%. So we dialed that in because we don't know what's going to happen, obviously. Because this year, it was not bad. This year, actually, FX was basically 20 basis points tailwind. So we have a big headwind. So that's that. The second part of your question was short cycle. We think that most of our short cycle businesses should be growing, but modestly because of FX partially like test and measurement and environmental in the low single-digits. And as I mentioned before, while we think FLIR will grow about 3.9% for the year, a lot of that comes from defense, the non-defense part would grow a little less. And then, of course, as I mentioned, our historical Digital Imaging would grow modestly.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And on the Excelitas or [indiscernible] or how do you say that acquisition, would you, should we assume some accretion to non-GAAP earnings in '25 once that's closed?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think, well, it depends how many it's closed. But I think if I look at the full year, as I answered Noah's question, we think we'll bring in about $15 million a month in revenue. And we think for a full year, if we were to have it for a full year, it should give us about $0.15 to $0.20 of accretion. But again it's -- just tucking in an acquisition, not doing a whole bunch of things in margin expansion, which we always do in subsequent years.
Andrew Buscaglia: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Damian Karas with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Damian Karas: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Damian.
Damian Karas: Good morning. I appreciate all of the color you've provided. I was wondering if you can maybe just give us a little bit better sense for the order trends that you've been seeing? Are there any areas that have maybe picked up more meaningfully than you had expected three months ago or vice versa?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Damian, let me start with book-to-bill and I'll go to the most recent quarter, we just finished Q4. Overall, book-to-bill for the company is about 1.04. So it's positive, but it varies between the various businesses. In Instruments, for example, book-to-bill is 1.12, which is pretty high for us. Our marine business is leading that by 1.23. And then environmental is positive, 1.09. We're a little cautious on T&M. We think it's just a little below 1, maybe 0.95, 0.99 for the whole year. Digital Imaging, FLIR is positive at 1.03. Our historical imaging is slightly below 1 at 0.97. AD&E is 0.96, but we have to take into consideration the orders that are a little lumpy, as they are in our Engineered System, which is at 1.16. So overall, we think we have a positive trend in our book-to-bill. Now if you go to some of our commercial where we have the headwinds, and we've had it last year, is in very specific areas of Digital Imaging. As Edwin mentioned, primarily in machine vision and machine sensors. Machine vision is recovering. So it's recovering slowly, but it is recovering. We've had order increases throughout the year. Machine sensors, where we make the detectors for other folks, that always lags behind six to nine months. So we think that recovery will be closer to the second half of 2025. I hope that answers the question.
Damian Karas: Yes, that's very helpful. Thank you. And my second question, so obviously, quite a bit has changed since last quarter with an election and a new administration that's come in. Could you maybe give us updated thinking about potential policy implications? There's the question of tariffs in China and Mexico. And the US government is certainly an important customer of yours and there's this new Department of Government Efficiency. So could you maybe share your thoughts on how you're thinking about all of that and what it might mean for Teledyne?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Please remember that I am not any more knowledgeable than anybody else, but I can relate it to our businesses. Let's talk about tariffs first. If you look back a couple of years, 2022, where we had all these shortages, right, coming out of COVID. We had experienced peak supply chain challenges. That cost us about $100 million in 2022. What did we do? We increased prices. Not only in some of our businesses that we could, but also we improved margins. So we made up for it between those two and then our own efficiencies. The way the tariffs are laid out, at least initially, the Canada, Mexico or China, we think the impact of those would be less than what we experienced in 2022, maybe half as much. So we think we can deal with that. The other thing is the sophistication of the tariffs. We have to yet dive into it because we make products in different countries and we make products in Canada that then we finish off in the US. Sometimes we export, sometimes it's for domestic consumption. So the value add changes. But having said all of that, we think we can deal with that. In terms of the DOGE Efficiency, I think it kind of would favor us, partially because compared to others, partially because most of our defense businesses, as an example, is purchase order businesses with products that we have rather than protracted appropriations. We also are in unmanned platforms. If you take our unmanned air vehicles, ground vehicles and underwater vehicles, which we have all three, it's almost $400 million plus. Our platforms are unmanned. A lot of our sensors go on those and versus manned platforms. And a lot of our products are also standard products rather than very highly customized solutions. So I think we will do okay.
Damian Karas: That makes sense. Appreciate all the color.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jordan Lyonnais with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Jordan Lyonnais: Hey, good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Jordan.
Jordan Lyonnais: On the defense outlook, the 4% organic growth, how much of that is conservative? Just when we look at outlays being up 26% from FY'23 to '24, I would expect the momentum to continue. So is there -- are there programs that are ending or it's just a mixed bag?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I don't know if I say the 4% number. As I mentioned, in FLIR, we think it will be higher than that our growth. It was approximately our FLIR defense businesses in Q4 grew almost 9%. We expected next year to grow another 6%. So that's -- is not as conservative. Now the problem is that really we don't know what's going to happen to the various programs yet. But as I mentioned, if you take where the fields that we're in, which are the unmanned systems primarily, and then of course, electronic warfare, and then of course observations using EO/IR, those favor us by and large, regardless of which programs go forward. So I'm pretty bullish about the defense part of our businesses.
Jordan Lyonnais: Got it. Okay. Thank you so much.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from James Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please proceed with your question.
James Ricchiuti: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Hey, Robert, are you at all surprised by the slow recovery in that legacy Digital Imaging business?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. To be very honest, I am. Part of it is really, people are very cautious in building up inventories, especially our distributors. Partially, it's the China effect, both in terms of their imports, even though we don't export as a total company that much to China, we do in Digital Imaging. And partially because they are building up their own systems and their own sensors. But by and large, Jim, these are short cycle businesses. They can turn on two, three, four weeks. So we don't have a lot of visibility. And I can only talk about what happened. It's very hard to predict where things are going. But overall, if you look at the book-to-bill, even though when your billing is low, book-to-bill is -- looks healthy. We've been enjoying book-to-bill positive book-to-bill in our camera businesses for the last three quarters. So having said all of that, yes, I was surprised on why it's not recovering as fast as we should. I think it's partly because other people are conservative in building inventory, as are our distributors. And last question I'll answer that I will add to is some of our customers, which are trying to lower their prices that they pay us. And frankly we won't take those orders because the business is what the business is. Now we're not going to lose margin just to get revenue.
James Ricchiuti: Got it. That's helpful. And it appears that within that commercial business and I think you indicated there appears to be some conservatism embedded in the full year outlook. If you were to look at areas that have the potential to maybe do a little better, would you say it would be some of the Instrumentation business or potentially in the Digital Imaging business, maybe things starting to come back as we get through some of this destocking that people have been talking about for a while now?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think I will start with the Instrumentation. Some of the conservative is Instrumentation and primarily in test and measurement. We're assuming the growth there is going to be 2.5% or so, but it could be a lot more because it's been doing better and better as the year has gone on in 2024. In Digital Imaging, frankly, we have a slew of new products going out, which you think will be much more competitive. So, yes, we are being conservative. Having said that, at this time, it's prudent to be conservative. But we've always been, as you know, we've always been conservative in everything that we do or say. So you have to take that into consideration.
James Ricchiuti: Understood. Thanks a lot.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. Please proceed with your question.
Joseph Giordano: [indiscernible] for the year.
Robert Mehrabian: Hi, Joe. I think you got cut off the first sentence. I didn't get it.
Joseph Giordano: I'm just asking about free cash flow outlook for the year.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Just to reiterate, I like bidding this one because we did so well. We got free cash flow of $1.11 billion, as Steve mentioned. We think it will be over $1 billion. If we hit $1 billion again, I'll be happy. We had some lower taxes, but we also enjoyed some improvement in our working capital and inventory. We had some advanced payments on some programs. Those may not happen. But having said all of that, I think, $1 billion is a good number.
Joseph Giordano: And then I know this question has been asked on other calls and you've been consistent with your answers. But it's a question we get from investors fairly often who want to look at Teledyne. But given the free cash flow generation you have and you've shown the ability to be a bit more flexible with buybacks lately, is the dividend at all interesting to you guys to bring in a new class of investors who can't currently invest in the shares?
Robert Mehrabian: That's a tough one. You know, just a little dividend, I don't think will do us a lot of good, although I know companies that do that. Right now, I think we're better off if we can use our money to buy companies, especially since our acquisition pipeline seems to be richer than it has been. Having said that, when our stock was what we thought undervalued, we bought back stock, which is another way of returning cash to the investors.
Joseph Giordano: Yes. Thank you. For what it's worth, from what we're hearing, people will be fine with a small dividend if there's a view that it could get somewhat larger over time, but that's just the feedback we're getting. So thanks guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you for that input. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to hand the floor back over to Jason VanWees for any closing comments.
Jason VanWees: Again, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. If you have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release. And again, a replay of this is available via webcast and by dial-in. Thank you, operator. If you could conclude the call, we'd appreciate it. Thanks, Paul. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions-and-answers with instructions given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, your conference call today is being recorded. I will now turn the conference call over to your first speaker, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you. Hello, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman. And I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's third quarter 2024 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning. Joining us today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian; CEO, Edwin Roks, President and COO; George Bobb, and SVP, CFO, Steve Blackwood, and Melanie Cibik, EVP, Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary. After remarks by Robert, Edwin, George and Steve, who will ask for your questions. But of course, before we get started, our attorneys have remind to me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings, and of course, actual results may differ materially. Here's Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, and thank you for joining our earnings call. Teledyne achieved all-time record sales in the third quarter with revenues sequentially greater in each segment, allowing us to report overall year-over-year growth as we expected. We continue to see robust demand in our longer cycle defense, space and energy businesses. And at the same time, while year-over-year comparison remains challenging, sales for most of our short cycle commercial businesses have either stabilized or have begun to recover sequentially. Year-to-date, we approximately repurchased about $354 million of our stock. We completed 2 acquisitions for $125 million, repaid $450 million of gross debt. But our quarter end leverage has remained in the 1.7 times given record free cash flow over the last nine months. Orders were greater than sales for the fourth consecutive quarter and we once again ended the period with record backlog. Nevertheless, given the timing of future shipments against this backdrop, and some sales, we were able to accelerate into the third quarter. We continue to remain reasonably confident that quarterly sales will again increase sequentially in the fourth quarter, but only modestly compared with the third quarter. I will now turn the call over to Edwin, our CEO, who will further comment on the performance of our four business segments.
Edwin Roks: Thank you, Robert. This is Edwin, and I will first report on the Digital Imaging segment, which represents a bit over 50% of Teledyne's portfolio. And like Teledyne, as a whole, this segment is a mix of lower cycle businesses, such as defense, space and health care, combined with shorter cycle markets, including industrial automation, semiconductor inspection and infrared components and cameras for applications ranging from factory condition monitoring to maritime navigation. Third quarter 2024 sales declined less than 1% compared to last year. Sales to industrial and machine vision markets declined year-over-year. However, this was partially offset by increased sales from FLIR. Both is commercial infrared imaging and defense base businesses as well as for Teledyne space-based infrared imaging detectors. Furthermore, for the fifth consecutive quarter, healthy margins the entire FLIR business portfolio helped us protect overall operating margin, even given the significant year-over-year reduction in sales of our typically highest contribution margin product lines. George will now report on the other three segments, which represents the balance of Teledyne.
George Bobb: Thanks, Edwin. The instrumentation segment consists of our Marine, Environmental and Test & Measurement businesses, which contributed a little under 25% of sales. For the total segment, overall third quarter sales increased 6.3% versus last year. Sales of Marine Instruments increased 24.1% in the quarter, primarily due to both strong offshore energy and subsea defense sales. Sales of Environmental instruments decreased 3.5%, primarily due to greater sales of water quality instruments, offset by lower sales of select laboratory instruments and emission monitoring systems. Sales in electronic custom measurement systems, which include digitizers and protocol analyzers decreased 8.6% year-over-year on a tough quarterly comparison versus 2023. Instrumentation operating margin increased in each product family in the third quarter, with overall operating margin increasing 155 basis points to 27.5% and 152 basis points on a non-GAAP basis to 28.6%. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, which represents roughly 15% of Teledyne sales, third quarter sales increased 9.2%, driven by growth both commercial aerospace and defense electronics products. Overall segment operating profit increased year-over-year with GAAP segment margin increasing 117 basis points to 28.1% and 116 basis points on a non-GAAP basis to 28.2%. For the Engineered Systems segment, which contributes less than 10% to overall sales, third quarter revenue increased 9.4%. Segment operating profit also grew with segment margin increasing 70 basis points due to higher sales and a greater mix of manufacturing programs. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, George. I'll conclude with a few comments on strategy and capital allocation. Over the last several quarters, some of our markets have experienced weakness, but we lowered costs to protect margins in these businesses, while growing and increasing margin in those businesses where the environment was more favorable. During this period, we also opportunistically purchased our own stock. While our current $1.25 billion stock repurchase authorization remains active. We're also fortunate that our near-term acquisition pipeline is healthy. While there are always new challenges, I'm optimistic that we have begun to exit some of our more difficult quarterly comparisons and we will continue to grow both organically and through acquisitions. I'll now turn the call over to our CFO, Steve.
Stephen Blackwood: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2024 outlook. In the third quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $249.8 million, compared with $278.2 million in 2023. Free cash flow, that is cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $228.7 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared to $255.2 million in 2023. Cash flow decreased in the third quarter due to higher income tax payments. Capital expenditures were $21.1 million in the third quarter of 2024, compared with $23 million in 2023. Depreciation and amortization expense was $76.9 million for both the third quarters of 2024 and 2023. For the first nine months of 2024, cash flow from operating activities and free cash flow were $859.5 million and $804.8 million, respectively. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.24 billion of net debt. That is approximately $2.8 billion of debt less cash of $561 million. Now turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2024 will be in the range of $4.27 to $4.41 per share with non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $5.13 to $5.23. And for the full-year of 2024, we are raising our GAAP earnings per share outlook to $17.28 to $17.42, and we are narrowing our non-GAAP outlook to $19.35 to $19.45, the top end of our prior outlook range. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the question and answers, please go ahead. Did I lose our operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham, go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, thank you, good morning. Robert, I think you alluded to some acceleration in sales perhaps coming pull-ins in Q4. Was that mainly in the defense area? Or were there some other markets where you saw that?
Robert Mehrabian: No, I think it was primarily where we have the largest backlog, which would be the Defense businesses, a little bit from energy, but primarily different ratings.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. And just with respect to -- it sounds like you had a good quarter from an order standpoint. Can you give us any more color in terms of book-to-bill as it relates to the segments? And maybe how you're thinking about overall revenue growth versus what you maybe were thinking about a few months back?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start with the book-to-bill. Let me start with the overall first. Book-to-bill at the end of Q3 was about 1.48. Almost all of the businesses had healthy book-to-bill, except for one of our environmental businesses. Let me now go over those. In instruments, book-to-bill was about 1 with Marine, of course, being much higher and T&M coming along to over 1 and environmental below 1. In Digital Imaging, we are experiencing good book-to-bill numbers in what we call historical Teledyne, book-to-bill was 1.08 and FLIR had excellent book-to-bill of 1.17. Aerospace and Defense, 1.04 and Engineered Systems 1.82. Now regarding the revenue, we've decided that with all the uncertainty in the world today, starting with elections and then, of course, the various conflicts in the Middle East and Europe, we've decided that it's prudent to maintain the number -- the revenue number that we had in -- at the end of Q2 that we projected, which is about $5.624 billion or $5.6 billion. And we might do better, but right now, Jim, with all the uncertainty, it's prudent not to be too effervescent.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. Makes sense. Just one quick follow-up and I'll turn it over. Just with respect to the test and measurement business, are you seeing now -- it looked like you had some nice sequential growth. Do you feel that the weakness in the scopes business is behind you? Or is this still the critical analogic business strength contributing to this overall better results?
Robert Mehrabian: In the third quarter, it was primarily the protocol I think we're a little hesitant about projecting the oscilloscope businesses. But usually, what happens at year-end, which would be our people do capital expenditures, and we pick up business in that domain. So we're hopeful that this year would be a repeat of last year with Q4 being higher than Q3.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thanks very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: We will next go to the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies, go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Konrad: Is there any way -- or can you parse Digital Imaging for the quarter and maybe what you're seeing across the different businesses? I mean, going into the quarter, we did see a couple of negative pre-announcement from some of your peers on the vision side. Any color on what you're seeing across the different vision end markets either from an order or just trend perspective?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me slice it on the larger picture first, if I may. If you look at our two segments within that digital imaging. You have our historical digital imaging, which is DALSA 2B as well as our scientific imaging here. And then you have FLIR. So if I look at the big picture for Q3, and what we call our traditional historical digital imaging revenue was declined. Organic growth was negative, almost 9.8%, 9.9%. On the other hand, FLIR did exceptionally well. In the defense businesses in FLIR, which is 40% of FLIR, the growth was 8.2% and with all the subdivisions within there growing very healthy. In the FLIR commercial businesses, we were essentially flat, but we have to keep in mind that in the commercial FLIR businesses, we also do have a camera vision system, which is basically an aerial camera, two-dimensional aerial camera, which has much lower sales, just like the rest of our vision camera systems in DALSA 2B. So if we took that negative out FLIR industrial also grew. And overall, FLIR grew 3.2% with that negative coming. We had -- now we also going to DALSA 2B, what we're looking at there is basically a range of businesses some positive and some negative. Let me give you the positives first and the negatives, which we've talked about before. Interestingly enough, our micro-electromechanical systems or MEMS, is experiencing really good growth. Maybe that's the canary in the mine, because they're making a lot of products that are of relevance to the semiconductor industry. Also, as you may recall, we have in Aerospace and Defense business within our historical Digital Imaging. That did very well, grew almost 13%, where we had decreases were primarily in scientific and industrial vision systems and somewhat in healthcare. I think the healthcare is going to recover. And I think in the industrial and scientific vision systems, we believe that at least in the camera domain with bottomed out, and we have a slow recovery there is a portion of that deals with sensors where it make sensors for ourselves and other people, that's going to lag a little more. It may have bottomed out, but we don't see a recovery at this point. So overall, I would say DALSA, 2B, Teledyne Imaging were lagged a little bit with mixed progress in the different businesses FLIR carried the day for the overall Digital Imaging.
Greg Konrad: And then, I mean, maybe it's a little bit early to talk about 2025, but it seems at least on the long cycle, whether that's defense or on marine, you've experienced positive book-to-bill on ramping sales. If you look out over the next year, can you maybe talk about how much visibility you have on the long-cycle businesses versus how you're thinking about the recovery in short cycle over the next year?
Robert Mehrabian: The long-cycle businesses, Greg, assuming there is no catastrophes as anything like that can affect our long-cycle businesses. They're healthy. We think it's -- they're going to grow year-over-year. We have some really good program wins, both in our FLIR Defense, as well as in our Teledyne Imaging here in space and other programs. So we think those are going to grow. On the short-cycle businesses, we're just going through the first cut of our plans for next year. I think, I have to say it's a little too early to predict how that's going to work. I'll wait another couple of months and see what happens to the elections here, but more importantly, what kind of capital expenditures people exercise as they get near the end of the quarter, Q4.
Greg Konrad: And then maybe just sneaking in one last one. I mean, if you think about defense across FLIR and engineered and A&D Electronics, what was defense up in the quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: Defense U.S. government business was up organically maybe 2.5% plus, but we do have programs overseas that are doing really well. For example, Ukraine. We supply a whole range of products to them, also some to Middle East. And those programs have been very healthy, and we seem to be winning new programs, especially with offers that we have in counter UAV systems as well as our own UAVs, the small Black Hornet, which are doing really well. So we're overall very positive in that domain.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: We'll move on to the line of Andrew Buscaglia with BNP, go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: I wanted to touch on -- Marine has been so strong all year. And you seem to have good visibility in that. I'm just wondering what sustainability of that growth is through next year? How much visibility do you have that you can maintain such a strong segment and then not -- maybe not see a little bit -- we're a little bit worried about challenging comps, but how do you see that playing out?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me -- that's a good question. Marine, has had kind of variation in their book-to-bill with Q1 being very strong at 1.27% and then Q3 being around 1.04%. Here's the story on marine. We acquired about 23 small businesses to form our Marine group. Those range from interconnect for commercial oil exploration and oil production to defense. We have underwater vehicles, a whole range of them from floats to gliders to what we call the [Indiscernible] vehicles that are being used both in this country and in Europe. And then we have military programs that deal with our penetrators for the Virginia class submarine as an example. So the mix is very interesting. It's offshore energy maybe 30%, maybe more, if you put in exploration, it's close to 40%. But then we have science, construction, which are about 27%. And then we have defense, which is as much as 28%. So it's a distributor, it's a kind of mirrors, in some ways, Teledyne as a whole. Our expectations are that, that will remain strong. It is possible, though, that with the current projections, oil prices may decline significantly not as much as they did in 2014 to 16, but may decline. And if that happens, some of our production interconnects will go down, but the other businesses that we have there should remain healthy. Some positive about Marine for next year.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. No, that's helpful. And you guys made the comment in your press release about you've been buying back stock, but maybe M&A looks like it's perking up here. Can you comment a little bit more on that? And then specifically on any -- what are the size of these deals you're -- you might be seeing?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Andrew, that's a very good question. And the reason it's timely, is for the first time, I would say since we acquired FLIR. We've done a couple of acquisitions every year, like this year, we've got a small business for our Marine. We bought Atomic, which is an imaging business for our overall imaging DALSA 2B. But there hasn't been that much activity or opportunity for us to do acquisition. Suddenly in the last month or so, the funnel seems to have opened up. And we are seeing more opportunities, especially outside digital imaging. For example, in our aerospace and defense as well our instruments. So we're kind of positively inclined to look at what we can do, how much power we have to make acquisitions. And frankly, we bought our stock when it was close to 52-weeks low. And we've continued buying it through Q3. But no, I think it's more likely that we will focus more highly on acquisitions, since we have the wherewithal to spend up to, I don't know, $2 billion to $3 billion if we want to. I don't know if we'll do that much, but we certainly are in the market to buy some smaller companies, which would be, let's say, in the $50 million range and maybe some things that are closer to $0.5 billion or more. It won't be anything as large as FLIR at this time, but -- there are many opportunities.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay, very helpful. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: We'll move on to the line of Joe Giordano from TD Cowen, go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning.
Joe Giordano: Can you just talk us through like what's contemplated in the guide for next quarter? And how you're thinking going forward about what's going on in Boeing?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with Boeing because that's a subject that we kind of study and follow. We -- in our aerospace business, which serves Boeing, as well as other Airbus and a whole bunch of airline customers. We think the strike could risk for us. I'm hoping that it settles, but the risk for us is in the 737 MAX, where we have the data acquisition systems, that could hit us that's assuming the strike goes through the year through the quarter, that could hit us as much as on the upside, maybe $5 million in revenue from Q3 to Q4. But if the strike is settled, depending on timing, it could be less than that, maybe 2 or 3. So it's a little bit of a headwind for us. The other part of your question was for me. I kind of lost the trend of
Joe Giordano: Boeing was the first question, I can move. You also mentioned in instrumentation, I think you indicated that there was a piece of that business on the environmental side that was weak with like orders below revenues. Can you give us a little bit more color on what that is and what type of applications or end markets that's facing?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In the environmental side, we have two sets of businesses. One that deals with drug discovery and water quality et cetera. And that business has been okay. Where we've seen a little weakness is in our air quality monitoring, stack monitoring and basically looking at quality of products. There, we've had a little weakening. But and we depend a little bit on Middle East where they buy our systems, large systems. I think it might be a little weak a few million dollars, but I'm not that concerned about it. Nothing bad is going to happen. It's just -- we think Q4 should be a little better than Q3. So it doesn't concern me right now. An instrument as George said, includes Marine, Test and Measurement as well as environmental.
Joe Giordano: And just last for me. The margins in DI were good. I think probably better than some excess. Can you give us maybe some color on to what drove that? And how are you thinking about margins to wrap up the year across the portfolio here?
Robert Mehrabian: I think what you have is FLIR's margins really improved very much. And we're very healthy. And digital imaging as a whole remains relatively flat in margins. I would say maybe went down 30 basis points. If you look at the whole year, '24 versus '23, the same here, of course, as I mentioned, was FLIR. On the FLIR side, Edwin and his people were able to take cost out in our camera, especially in our camera and some health care businesses to compensate for lower revenue. And that helped protect some of the margins in those businesses. Some of our very high-margin businesses are in the camera business. So there's been combination. FLIR, very strong, Digital Imaging, the rest of Digital Imaging, taking the cost out. And I'm hoping that as the recovery comes -- we will not put that cost back in because we've had really good experience with defense. And of course, with Marine in the past, where we took the cost out, didn't put the cost back in very quickly and the margins there have turned out to be very healthy. So overall, I'm positive about digital imaging.
Joe Giordano: Is there a way if you just kind of scale like how big a drag -- because I know those cameras and sensor businesses are very high margin. So like how much of a drag would you say currently those businesses are on what you're reporting for margins?
Robert Mehrabian: I would say, overall, those businesses account for maybe $300 million, the ones that we're seeing the drag on -- and I would say it changes, but I'd say maybe $50 million in a drag in those businesses overall. Doesn't sound like a lot, but those are our highest margin businesses. And so when the revenue goes down, then the margin overall declines because of that. But as we've said before, we think the cameras have bottomed out, book-to-bill is better than one. Of course, remember, deal is low compared to last year and sensors will come eventually, but not right away.
Joe Giordano: Thanks, guys.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Jordan Lane with Bank of America, go ahead.
Jordan Lane: Hey, good morning. Could you just give us some color around how you're thinking about FLIR's opportunity for new programs like Replicator 2.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me take this we have a whole bunch of programs for FLIR that are doing really well. Let's start with the small UAVs. The small UAVs, we have the best system in the world. These are UAVs that are about six to seven inches in size. If they were flying in the room we do, you probably wouldn't hear it or notice it, but your picture can grow automatically, you'd get a good video of it up to 25 kilometers away. So that's really good. But on the other side, we also have a content UAV system that's being used in Europe. And another example is we have loitering UAVs that we're introducing, which can carry munitions. The difference between these and other people's munition enabled UAVs is that we can call this back if they reach the target and it's not an opportune time, so we can't recover the system. So overall, I think the whole UAV business for us is very strong. We also have a whole bunch of other programs like we just announced a program win in a suite of sensors that go on -- for chemical, biological, nuclear, we announced that we just won a program for $168 million. So FLIR especially FLIR defense, we're very positive. We have an excellent leader there in and we're very positive about that business.
Jordan Lane: Got it. And then so for Replicator 2 specifically counter UAS systems.
Robert Mehrabian: We have a system in Europe right now with Casper which is being deployed, and it's successful. That's all I can say about that at this time.
Jordan Lane: Got it. Thank you so much.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure. Operator [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Guy Hardwick with Freedom Capital Markets, go ahead.
Guy Hardwick: Hi, good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Guy.
Guy Hardwick: Hi, a lot of my questions have been answered, but just sort of big picture. Digital Imaging margins peaked at 24% a few years back. If short cycle does recover at some point next year, what is the potential you think in terms of -- given the kind of what you've said about incremental margins and the higher margin mix of short cycle?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Right now, if I look at Q3, if I look at Q3, our margins in overall digital imaging are about 22.6%. Last year, this time, they were more like 24.2%. So I would hazard a guess that as a minimum should be as good as last year. And if the short-cycle businesses do come back strongly, there's an opportunity for us to go above 25%, which would be very healthy for us. But I would maintain that with the uncertainty, especially in our longer recovery of our -- we'll go probably more 24% plus, 24.2%, 24.5%. But if the sensors recovered, then the margin would go higher.
Guy Hardwick: Okay. Thank you. And just as a follow-up. Obviously, you indicated in the statement that you see short cycle has stabilized and maybe improving I assume that's because of booking trends. Can you maybe just give us a bit more color on booking trends in short cycle?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In the last two to three months, our book-to-bill is above 1, let's say, 1.1. But I have to always keep in mind that when we talk book-to-bill, we're talking about build that's lower than it used to be. So I don't want to overstate that. It's not like book-to-bill at the height of the system. So -- but -- what that tells us is that we have reached the bottom and we recovery. The flip side on sensors themselves, the book-to-bill has not recovered yet. So we're a little -- people are a little more hesitant to spend money on sensors, because then they have the longer haul of developing cameras, whereas it's easier for them to acquire camera. The flip side, I have to say, again, going back to FLIR because FLIR has been so successful is that they have both long cycle and short cycle infrared cameras. In the long cycle, they're fixed cameras in the short cycle that had cameras. And we're very pleased that FLIR Industrial has done really well in that domain. And we expect that they'll continue to do so with new products with artificial intelligence enable cameras that bring decision -- make decisions easier for the customers, we're positive there as we are with the FLIR defense businesses.
Guy Hardwick: And Robert, is that the point -- what used to be called point gray? Is that what you're referring to?
Robert Mehrabian: No. Part gray is the one that's more matched to the cameras that we have in DALSA 2B. Actually, while we kind of put it in FLIR, it's more aligned with DALSA 2B from an organization standpoint, it reports to the leader that what I was talking about was the infrared offering is substantial.
Guy Hardwick: Not visible light. Okay. Thank you, Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. Operator, thank you very much. I'll now ask Jason to conclude our conference call, please.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, everyone. And thanks, Robert. If you have any follow-up questions, of course, my number is on the earnings release, please feel free to call me. And then, Alan, if you please give the replay information at the end of the call, that would be ideal. Thanks, everyone. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference is available for replay, and that will be beginning today October 20 -- pardon me, October 23, 2024 at 10:00 Pacific daylight time through November 23, 2024 at midnight. To access the AT&T playback service during that time, you can dial toll-free 866-207-1041, and the access code is 128-4672. International participants may dial area code 402-970-0847 using the same access code. Those numbers again are 866-207-1041, an area code 402-970-0847. The access code once again is 128-4672. That will conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event Teleconferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Teledyne's Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to your host, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. I'm Jason, VanWees, Vice Chairman. I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's second quarter 2024 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian; CEO, Edwin Roks; Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Blackwood; and Melanie Cibik, EVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary. President and COO, George Bobb would have joined us, but after getting stuck in airports late last week in the weekend, George came back with COVID and is being isolated. Anyway, after remarks by Robert, Edwin and Steve, we will ask your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various discussions with some caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in will be available for about one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, and thank you for joining our earnings call. In the second quarter, Teledyne achieved all-time record free cash flow allowing us to deploy approximately $852 million through July on debt repayment, acquisitions and stock repurchases. Non-GAAP operating margin increased from last year and increased in each of our three largest segments. Total sales and earnings increased sequentially and exceeded our most recent expectations, although year-over-year comparisons remain especially difficult in certain commercial markets, such as industrial automation and electronic test and measurement. Nevertheless, strong defense-related sales at Teledyne FLIR and our own legacy space based infrared imaging business partially offset the expected declines in industrial imaging systems. Furthermore, despite the anticipated year-over-year decline in certain instrumentation product lines, total instrumentation sales were a second quarter record due to exceptional performance of our marine instrumentation businesses. Primarily driven by our aerospace and defense businesses, orders were greater than sales for the third consecutive quarter and we ended the period with record backlog. Therefore, we're reasonably confident that quarterly sales will again increase sequentially and with a return to year-over-year sales growth in the second half of 2024. Finally, even with the significant capital deployment in the second quarter, our quarter end leverage remained at 1.7 and we plan to continue stock repurchases in the balance of 2024 as well as pursue acquisitions. I would now turn the call to Edwin who will further comment on the performance of our four segments.
Edwin Roks: Thank you, Robert. This is Edwin and I will report on the - first report on the digital imaging segment, which represents 54% of Teledyne's portfolio. And like Teledyne as a whole, this segment is a mix of longer cycle businesses such as defense, space and healthcare combined with shorter cycle markets, including industrial automation, semiconductor inspection and infrared components and cameras for applications ranging from factory condition monitoring to maritime navigation. Second quarter 2024 sales declined 6.8% compared with last year. As expected, sales to industrial machine vision markets declined approximately 30% year-over-year. However, this was partially offset by increased sales from FLIR defense and from generalized space-based infrared imaging detectors. Furthermore, for the fourth consecutive quarter, healthy margins across the entire FLIR business portfolio helped us protect overall operating margin even given the significant year-over-year production in sales of our typically highest contribution margin product lines. I will now report on the other three segments, which represent the remaining 46% of Teledyne. The instrumentation segment consists of marine, environmental and test and measurement businesses which contributed a little over 24% of sales. For the total segment, overall second quarter sales increased 1.6% versus last year. Sales of marine instruments increased 60% in the quarter, primarily due to strong offshore energy and subsea defense. Sales of environmental instruments decreased 1.6% with greater sales of drugs discovery and laboratory instruments, offset by lower sales of processed gas, emission monitoring systems and gas flame safety analyzers. Sales of electronics and measurement systems which include oscilloscopes, digitizers and protocol analyzers decreased 50.8% year-over-year on a tough quarterly comparison versus 2023. Overall instrumentation segment operating profit increased in the second quarter with GAAP operating margins increasing on a 36 basis points to 26.1% and 134 basis points on a non-GAAP basis to 27.2%. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment which represents 14% of Teledyne sales, second quarter sales increased 4.5% driven by the growth of commercial aerospace and defense microwave products. GAAP and non-GAAP segment operating profits increased year-over-year with segment margin increasing approximately 77 basis points. For the engineered system segment which contributes 8% to overall sales, second quarter revenue decreased 8.7% and operating profit was impacted by lower sales and unfavorable program mix. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Edwin. In conclusion, our second quarter performance was a testament to the strength of our balanced business portfolio. We also continued our proven strategy of increasing margin in those businesses which are growing while reasonably protecting margins in businesses with more challenging markets. Our current full year earnings outlook is identical to the last quarter with some markets such as industrial automation and electronic test and measurement remaining difficult, although year-over-year comparisons are easier in the second half while the outlook for our global defense, energy and aerospace businesses remain strong and is supported by our record backlog. Finally, we continue to review acquisition opportunities, but given the strength of our balance sheet and cash flow, we also plan to continue purchasing our own stock under our current $1.25 billion authorization. I will now turn the call over to Steve.
Stephen Blackwood: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our third quarter and full year 2024 outlook. In the second quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $318.7 million compared with $190.5 million in 2023. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $301 million in the second quarter of 2024 compared with $163.2 million in 2023. Cash flow increased in the second quarter due to stronger working capital performance. Capital expenditures were $17.7 million in the second quarter of 2024 compared with $27.3 million in 2023. Depreciation and amortization expense was $77.8 million for the second quarter of 2024 compared with $80 million in 2023. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.35 billion of net debt that is approximately $2.8 billion of debt less cash of $443.2 million. Now, turning to our outlook. Management currently believes the GAAP earnings per share in the third quarter of 2024 will be in the range of $4.02 to $4.16 with non-GAAP earnings in the range of $4.90 to $5 and for the full year 2024, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $15.87 to $16.13 and we are affirming our prior non-GAAP outlook of $19.25 to $19.45. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: We would like to take your questions. John, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. I was hoping to get a little bit more color on the bookings, the book-to-bill. It sounds like the positive book-to-bill was largely driven by the aerospace and defense business, but I wonder if you could just elaborate on what you saw from an order standpoint in the quarter.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jim. First, you're correct in generally overall, but I think our overall book-to-bill was 1.07. It was -- digital imaging was close to 1, like 0.98. Instrumentation was just over 1 at 1.04. But as you said, aerospace and defense was very strong at 1.41 and engineered systems also strong at 1.25 resulting in a combined book-to-bill of 1.07 for the complete company.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. That's helpful, Robert. If we think about the backlog, but the longer cycle backlog and as it converts into the second half to revenue, is that mainly defense converting? I'm wondering what other areas of the longer cycle business might drive growth in the second half? And maybe related, what kind of expectations do you have for the short cycle business in the back half? Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with the first part. It's defense is obviously as you said very important and is the long cycle business that's doing really well. The second area is energy and that's our marine instruments businesses. They've done exceptionally well for the year and will continue to do so. And then the third area is aerospace. Both aerospace from the computers that we have on commercial aircraft through aerospace and the aerospace from our imaging sensor businesses. Now going back to the commercial shorter cycle businesses, what we're seeing is we think that digital imaging as a whole, total digital imaging should be relatively flat in the second half of the year. That's year-over-year flat, which is good because it declined in the first half of the year. Some of the recovery that we're seeing is early signs that come from our MEMS, microelectronic mechanical systems, which are kind of like the canaries in the mine. We are seeing some uptick in orders there, which is encouraging especially from semiconductor industry. And then we also have some indications that our machine vision systems as example have stabilized and book-to-bill has reached 1 or a little better, which is encouraging. We're hoping that these trends will continue with semiconductor coming back and inspection businesses that we have picking up and some of our high end thermal cameras also doing better than they have. So I think overall, we're positively inclined towards the second half of the year.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. That's helpful, Robert. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with BNP. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hi, good morning, guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. So long that line of questioning. Can you talk a little bit about your test to measurement has been a tough market, a little bit weaker in Q2, but in line I think with what you guys were suggesting. How do you see that playing out? Do you still feel like your expectations for down 10% for the year are valid?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. About that. Not to be picky, but we have 9.9%, which is very close to your 10%. But that's also tailored to cities there. In our test and measurement as you know, Andrew, we have two businesses. One is the oscilloscope business and the other one is our protocol business, which are basically rules for communication between devices and devices on the cloud. That business, the protocol business is coming back faster and is doing better, a little bit better. It's the oscilloscope business which is lagging. Having said that, we took cost out in that business. And fortunately for us, we took the cost out very early and the margins of instruments have remained pretty well. We anticipate, for example, about almost 94 basis points improvement in our total instrument portfolio even with part of CNM being weak, partially because our marine is very strong and our environmental businesses are doing okay. So I don't know whether that answers your question fully or not.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. No, that's helpful. Maybe sticking with instrumentation. Yes, marine has been really strong. Presumably you have good visibility there. Can you parse out what's driving that exactly and the confidence that, that continues into the second half? How should we think about that for the full year?
Robert Mehrabian: Two areas. First is the offshore oil production and discovery. We have -- as you know, we have instruments that are deployed in streamers to look down at acoustic signals that bounce from the ocean floor and determine whether there's oil and gas there. That's a strong business and continues to be. The other part is, of course, our connector businesses. They are doing really well. Actually, we're almost at capacity in that business. And then the second part of the marine business is the defense part of the business. As you know, we have defense unmanned vehicles, underwater vehicles. We also provide connectors for submarines. That business is doing really well and our underwater vehicle businesses are doing really well. So it's a combination of offshore oil production and discovery and defense and security.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: Next is Conor Walters with Jefferies. Go ahead, please.
Conor Walters: Hi, guys. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Just to start off, any updates of the free cash flow guidance for the year despite somewhat constrained top line in the first half? Free cash flow is tracking well ahead of your $1 billion target. What do you expect for the year and what are some of the drivers just given such a strong start in the first half?
Robert Mehrabian: That's a good question, Conor. I don't want to be effervescent about that because in the first two quarters, we've generated $576 million of free cash flow. I think in the second half, we have some bond payments coming due. We have some taxes coming due. So I think it's going to be less. We are hoping that our free cash flow would be above $900 million. That's where we're sitting right now with the front end being heavily loaded. But having said that, we're confident enough in our cash position to continue our purchases of our own stock.
Conor Walters: Okay, got it. That's very clear. And maybe just jumping over into defense a little bit. More. We've seen a lot of technology announcements for Teledyne, some new wins in areas such as loitering munitions. Just given this, how are you thinking about defense going forward? And any divergence within the exposure and A&D electronics and engineered versus where you are in digital imaging?
Robert Mehrabian: No. I think let's just look at the major programs that announcements that keep coming out. There's a whole slew of them. The most important one, I would say, that's new is our loitering unmanned aerial vehicle, which now is weaponized, what we call Rogue 1 and we already have our first order for over 100 systems for that and it competes very well against the competition, both in terms of precision, but also with the fact that you can send these vehicles to target. And if you decide to bring them back, you can do that easily. That's a distinguishing feature and of course, the other part is the accuracy. The next example as you may know is again staying with vehicles are very small mini drones. We saw the whole bunch of them over the years, what we call Black Hornet streets, which are about 6 inches in size. Black Hornet 4 was introduced this year and we got the first production order for about almost 1,000 systems recently. We expect that, that program will continue and be a very strong contributor to our defense businesses and these orders are from the U.S. government right now. Then we have -- as I mentioned, we have the inserts for the Virginia ore connectors for the Virginia and Colombia class submarines. Those businesses have really good backlogs and are doing well. We also have drones that come out of our Canadian operations, the R70 and R80. We have orders for those and we also have countered UAV systems that are being deployed in Europe. And finally, that's just an example. We have a very lightweight uncooled target recognition system, what we call the FWS family of weapons systems. We have the development order for it and we have the first production order for it. Those two combined over $70 million and expect about $500 million in IDIQ contracts. Those are just examples. I think our defense business especially FLIR defense has picked up the pace very well and we're very excited about that.
Conor Walters: Great. That's super helpful. I'll leave it there.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hi. Good morning. Robert, you said you're seeing some stability in the machine vision business, which is good to hear. I think you mentioned it was down 30 year-on-year. What was that compared to 2Q and what's the expectation for, like, 3Q and 4Q. What was that versus 1Q and what's the expectation in 3Q, 4Q versus the second quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think basically, they were down 30 in Q1 and Q2 as Edwin indicated. I think that's now going to be about 10 and 10 in Q3 and Q4. So for the year would be about 20. So it's going to improve, partially it's improving partially because comps are getting easier to be frank and very straightforward about it. That market began softening last year in Q3, so the comps are going to get easier. But also we're seeing as I indicated before, we're seeing some uptick in certain areas and as you know, semiconductor industry is coming back and coming back strong and our products are used in the inspection systems all over the world.
Joe Giordano: Just to be clear, like are the dollars for that business in 2Q higher than 1Q and will they be higher in like the second half dollars versus one half dollars?
Robert Mehrabian: I think our expectations right now are that they'd be relatively flat, maybe a little better in the second half. I don't want to be -- certainly, in Q4, we expect it to be stronger. But right now, we have to be very careful not to drink our own bath water because while things are looking well, good, we have both the vision systems, which are visual systems as well as our infrared systems. So we have -- we're looking at the combo there and I think flat would be a good word with Q4 picking up.
Joe Giordano: Okay. We're also hearing some people talk about like Boeing finally telling suppliers to cool off a little bit. I know that their production has gone down. But they've been still receiving components from suppliers at the same pace. And are you seeing any of that where they're pushing back a little bit?
Robert Mehrabian: We're not seeing that as much. There's some rotation going on there in our OEM products. But we're not only supplying OEMs, we're also the aftermarket business there is very important to us and we're doing okay there. I think overall, our aerospace business is pretty healthy.
Joe Giordano: Good. I'll get back in queue. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question is from Guy Hardwick with Freedom Capital Markets. Go ahead, please.
Guy Hardwick: Hi. Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Guy.
Guy Hardwick: Going back to the free cash flow issue, what's your sense for when you look back on this year, where you would have deployed the free cash flow in terms of acquisition, share repurchases and debt repayments?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, Guy, we think because our free cash flow was so strong in the first two quarters and you have to also keep in mind our liabilities which is our debt, our debt is set up pretty well. It's fixed. It's -- only we will pay -- have to pay like $150 million in October time frame. Other than that, our payments start in 2026. And if you roll everything that we owe over the years, our interest payments are about 2.35%. Now for the year, we think that we will continue buying our stock, maybe, depends on the stock price, right? We bought back quite a bit in the first half of the year. We expect to continue to do that, but we're also looking at acquisitions at the same time. So we're balancing the two as we go forward right now because of our very serious efforts in 80/20 and ability to generate cash. We think that we're in a really good situation. We just renewed our line of credit for another five years. We haven't touched it. We have about $1.2 billion untouched. So with no debt payments, big ones coming due, our interest rates being 2.35% over the many years, we feel good that we can do whatever we want. Right now, focused on buying back stock and looking at the acquisitions as well.
Guy Hardwick: Okay. Thank you. And just so as a follow up, would you mind updating us on your margin expectations by segment or has nothing changed since the last quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: No. I can do it if you wish, I can do it for the full year. We think that for the full year in instruments as an example, it should be up about 90 to 100 basis points. It's pretty healthy for us. It'll go from what was last year at 26.6% to 27.5% plus. In digital imaging, we think that margins for the year may go down a little bit even though I mentioned the headwind that we have there. But if you look at the whole portfolio while margins went down in our DALSA 2B businesses, they went up significantly in our FLIR businesses. So we think they might go down modestly, maybe 30 basis points for the year, maybe 20. Aerospace and defense, I think we're doing really well, maybe over 100 basis points and engineered systems which is our smallest segment, I think margins are going to be going down primarily because of the first half. And overall, we think the segment margins should be about 14, 15 basis points up from last year considering all the headwinds that we have. That's pretty good.
Guy Hardwick: Okay. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Rob Jamieson with Vertical Research Partners. Go ahead, please.
Rob Jamieson: Hi. Thanks, guys. I guess, just real quick one clarification just with digital imaging. Should we -- in the next two quarters, 3Q, 4Q, is there much differential between the quarters on margin to kind of get to that down 20, 30 basis points?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me see if I can answer that well. I think in the first half if you look at Q1, the margins were about 21.8% overall in digital imaging. You look at Q2, they dropped about 20 basis points to 21.6%. We think in Q3, it will pick up to over 22%, 22.2% maybe and then go as high as 23% in Q4. So we should end the year at 22.2% even with a weak first half. So I think margins are going to keep improving both because of the cost action that Edwin and his people have taken, but also because some of the markets are coming back.
Rob Jamieson: Perfect. That's helpful. I was actually going to ask about that next. And look, I know this is a pretty small part of your business, but I just wanted to ask a little bit more on the oscilloscope within instrumentation and test and measurement. Just one of your competitors this morning cutting their outlook on delayed R&D spend and government and China related spend. Just curious if there's anything in the end markets that you're seeing within test and measurement on the oscilloscope side that's maybe weaker or starting to improve more or is it just all kind of a little bit soft and lagging the protocols business? Any additional color there would be great.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think you've explained it very well. I think people are hesitant to spend discretionary CapEx. So in the high end oscilloscope where you make really good money is slowed down. We expect the whole business to be down about 10% year-over-year. But having said that, as with many other years, we were probably the first one out of the box early in the year in April to warn. And subsequently, you see everybody else, of course, having to do the same. The advantage that we had in doing that was that knowing that the market was going to soften, we took cost out late in Q4 and early in Q1. And as a consequence, the margins in that business have been exceptionally healthy.
Rob Jamieson: Absolutely. No, thank you for that. I appreciate you all taking my questions.
Robert Mehrabian: Of course. Thank you.
Operator: We have one more in queue. [Operator Instructions] We're going now to Jordan Lyonnais from Bank of America. Go ahead, please.
Jordan Lyonnais: Good morning and thanks for taking the question. How should we think about if the U.S. puts more restrictions on to ASML and Tokyo electron, what would that impact be for the digital imaging segment?
Robert Mehrabian: I don't see that impacting as much. We supply product to their customers. I don't want to mention the name, but this is a large customer and this is a U.S. customer and they use ASML equipment, which uses a critical part that we make in our MEMS factories. We don't expect to see a change in that because we're frankly supplying the customers of ASML and it's not a huge business, maybe $20 million, $25 million business, but very profitable.
Jordan Lyonnais: Got it. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: At this time, we have no additional callers in queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much, John. I'll now ask Jason to conclude the conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. If you have follow-up questions, of course, feel free to email me or call me on the number on the earnings release. All our earnings releases are available on our website as this is webcast. And John, if you could conclude the call and give the replay information, it'd be much appreciated. Thank you.
Operator: Absolutely, ladies and gentlemen. A recorded replay of this conference call be available from today at 10:00 a.m. Pacific through August 24 of this year 2024 at midnight. To access the replay from domestic areas call 866-207-1041. Enter the access code 562-3764. International callers use 402-970-0847 and the same access code, 562-3764. Once again replay available from 10:00 a.m. Pacific today through August 24. Domestic callers use 866-207-1041. International callers use 402-970-0847 and the access code for either is 562-3764. That does conclude your conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event Conferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Teledyne Q1 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
 At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to your host, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead, sir. 
Jason VanWees: All right. Thank you, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman. I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opening. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian; CEO, Edwin Roks; President and COO, George Bobb; SVP and CFO, Stephen Blackwood; and Melanie Cibik, EVP General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary.
 After remarks by Robert, Edwin, George, and Steve, will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, turning to ever mind to me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in, will be available for approximately one month.
 Here is Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our earnings call. Today, we reported record first quarter non-GAAP operating margin, record adjusted earnings per share and record free cash flow. While overall orders remained strong, sales were impacted by deterioration in some of our short cycle imaging and instrumentation market. We have previously assumed no full year sales growth in industrial automation as well as test and measurement market. However, those markets weakened more than planned in the first quarter, and we now forecast full year sales in those product families to decline meaningfully in 2024.
 Nevertheless, we believe such sales declines with the offset by our marine, aviation and certain defense businesses, resulting in full year flat sales compared to 2023. Despite those anticipated sales reductions, in what are among our highest margin businesses, we believe overall operating margin will remain flat in '24 versus '23. Within the Digital Imaging segment, year-over-year sales declined due to significantly lower sales of machine vision sensors and cameras related to industrial automation. However, this was partially offset by organic growth and significant margin improvement at Teledyne FLIR.
 Given our unmanned system businesses, growth and the resiliency of our core infrared imaging business. Similarly, in instrumentation, we were relatively flat where significant reduction in sales of test and measurement, instrumentation were almost entirely offset by Marine Electronics and unmanned underwater system. And despite the overall flat sales, segment margin increased considerably. In our smallest segment, Engineered Systems, which is largely a U.S. government prime contractor, sales were impacted by the very late approval of the U.S. 2024 budget. We also revised estimated progress and cost to complete on certain contracts, resulting in some revenue and profit reversal.
 Finally, given our even stronger balance sheet with quarter end leverage just at 1.7x, combined with record free cash flow, we believe it's an appropriate time for us to add stock repurchases to our capital deployment plan. I will now turn the call over to Edwin and George, who will further comment on the performance of our core business segments. 
Edwin Roks: Thank you, Robert. This is Edwin, and I will report on the Digital Imaging segment, which represents 55% of Teledyne's portfolio. And like Teledyne as a whole, this segment is a mix of local cycle businesses, such as defense, space and healthcare, combined with shorter cycle markets, including industrial automation, semiconductor inspection and infrared components and cameras for applications ranging from factory condition monitoring to maritime navigation.
 First quarter 2024 sales declined 4.1% compared to last year as certain products declined considerably, but were largely offset by those with meaningful increases. For example, sales to industrial machine vision markets declined approximately 30% year-over-year.
 On the other hand, unmanned air systems, unmanned ground systems and integrated counter-drone systems collectively increased nearly plus 30%. Although year-over-year changes were less significant, but included continued growth in our space-based imaging business Brazilian sales in healthcare and [indiscernible] infrared and maritime businesses and declining sales of semiconductor related micro-electrical mechanical systems or MEMS. As Robert mentioned, the FLIR businesses grew organically and for the third consecutive quarter, were positive contributors to overall segment margin. Finally, segment orders were healthy with the first quarter book-to-bill of 1.6x. George will now report on the other 3 segments, which represent the remaining 45% of [indiscernible]. 
George Bobb: Thanks, Edwin. The instrumentation segment consists of our marine, environmental and test and measurement businesses, which contributed a little over 24% of sales. So the total segment, overall first quarter sales decreased 0.9% versus last year. Sales of marine instruments increased 15.3% in the quarter, primarily due to both strong offshore energy and subsea defense sales. Sales of environmental instruments decreased 5.8% with greater sales of processed gas emission monitoring systems. In gas and flame safety analyzers, more than offset by lower sales of drug discovery and laboratory [indiscernible].
 Sales of electronic test and measurement systems, which include oscilloscopes, digitizers and protocol analyzers, decreased 18.2% year-over-year on the toughest quarterly comparison of 2024 versus 2023. Overall, Instrumentation segment operating profit increased in the first quarter. With GAAP operating margin increasing 183 basis points to 26% and 175 basis points on a non-GAAP basis to 27.1%.
 In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, which represents 14% of Teledyne sales, first quarter sales increased 7.2%, driven by growth of commercial aerospace and defense microwave products. GAAP and non-GAAP segment operating profit increased year-over-year with segment margin increasing approximately 80 basis points. For the Engineered Systems segment, which contributes 7% to overall sales, first quarter revenue decreased 10.5% and operating profit was impacted by lower sales and the cost complete estimate revision Robert mentioned earlier.
 I will now pass the call back to Rob. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, George. In conclusion, orders have been strong for two consecutive quarters with the increase almost entirely due to our longer cycle businesses such as defense and energy. However, given the nature of these businesses, converting much of the greater backlog to sales will not begin until the second half of 2024. At the same time, the pace of orders in our short-cycle instrumentation and imaging businesses did have a near-term sales impact in the first quarter and likely will continue to impact total sales in the second quarter of 2024.
 So while our current outlook for full year sales is flat with 2023, we expect second quarter sales to be sequentially flat with the first quarter and then increase in the second half of the year. The current market environment is premonition of the 2014 to 2016 period. That is when total Teledyne sales at earnings were flattish except market dynamics where the opposite of what we are experiencing today. Specifically, growth in certain short-cycle markets were partially offsetting declines in our longer cycle depends on energy businesses.
 Hopefully, at this time, the recovery in the short cycle businesses would be shortage. In any event, during the 2014 through 2016, we executed approximately $400 million of opportunistic share repurchases, completed 10 acquisitions and subsequently experienced significant sales and earnings growth when market normalize.
 Today, we're pleased to renew our stock repurchase authorization and plan to begin repurchasing shares this quarter. At the same time, because of our strong balance sheet, we're continuing to evaluate a number of acquisition opportunities. I will now turn the call over to Steve. 
Stephen Blackwood: Robert, and good morning. I'll first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our second quarter and full year 2024 outlook. In the first quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $291 million compared with $203 million in 2023. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $275.1 million in the first quarter 2024 compared with $178.6 million in 2023.
 Cash flow increased in the first quarter due to stronger working capital performance. Capital expenditures were $15.9 million in the first quarter of 2024 compared with $24.4 million in 2023.
 Depreciation and amortization expense was $78 million for the first quarter of 2024 compared with $82.1 million in 2023. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.33 billion of net debt. That is approximately $3.25 billion of debt less cash of $912.4 million.
 Now turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2024 will be in the range of $3.57 to $3.70 per share, with non-GAAP earnings in the range of $4.40 to $4.50 per share. And for the full year 2024, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $16.02 to $16.27. And on a non-GAAP basis, $19.25 to $19.45 per share. The 2024 full year estimated tax rate, excluding discrete items, is expected to be 22.5%.
 I will now pass the call back to Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
 Our first question is going to come from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. 
James Ricchiuti: First question, just given the weakness that you're seeing in some of the higher-margin areas of the short-cycle business. I wonder how you're thinking about gross margins over the next couple of quarters. 
Robert Mehrabian: In terms of the gross margin, we're looking at relatively flat gross margins of somewhere around 43%. Yes. 
James Ricchiuti: All right. Robert, with the shift in and capital allocation. I'm wondering what does this really imply just in terms of the M&A pipeline? Are you still seeing more opportunities for the smaller deals as opposed to the larger M&A. Is that a fair way to characterize the environment right now? 
Robert Mehrabian: Jim, kind of, but let me just start with some numbers that are significant. Our debt-to-EBITDA is at 1.7x now. We have one acquisition in the pipeline. Once we make that, we would spend up over $300 million since we bought FLIR in acquisitions. If we don't do anything else, by the end of the year, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio would be closer to 1.3x where it is at 1.7x today. So we think that it's an appropriate time, first, to look at our stock and repurchase some shares because since we bought FLIR, our shares have increased by almost 700,000 shares because of option exercises and restricted stock awards.
 We like to get that off the table first. But at the same time, we have a lot of capacity for acquisitions. We can spend up to $1.5 billion, $2 billion because we haven't touched our line of credit at all and we have cash on hand. So we are looking at acquisitions. The issue is that smaller acquisitions, we may be able to complete this year, larger acquisitions, even if we find it with all the various regulatory hurdles that you have to go through what happen until next year.
 But the answer is we're going to do both. We're going to do exactly what we did in 2014 to '16. We bought our shares back. We bought 10 companies. And then some of our competitors didn't do as well in that constricted period. We were able to acquire it to be right after that because we had financial where we don't. So I don't know if that answers your question. 
James Ricchiuti: It helps. I mean, in the past, it was more recently, you've talked about valuations still being a bit on the risk side, do you see -- as you look at the pipeline for some of the larger M&A, have you seen any change in terms of the prices out there that it's going to take to do some of these larger deals? 
Robert Mehrabian: Not yet. On the other hand, I have to tell you, Jim, they haven't done come out with their earnings. And in this market, kind of a bifurcated market, I expect that some of those will come down, and there will be -- just like it did before. Interestingly, enough history does repeat itself. It doesn't repeat itself on the time scale that we always expect, but repeat it. 
Operator: Our next question is going to come from Greg Konrad with Jefferies. 
Greg Konrad: This is a bit of an unusual question, but one I've been getting from investors and in light of the uncharacteristic guidance cut, which there hasn't really been many over the past 20 years. Is Teledyne different today than what has made it so successful thinking back over the past 20 years? Or what's really changed just given some of these uncharacteristic items? Or is this just you think about it as part of the normal cycle? 
Robert Mehrabian: Well, two things. First, in the 25 years or so -- we've only had this occasion in 4 earnings call -- So almost 100 earnings calls and releases. We've experienced this 4x, 4%. So it's not something that happens very frequently. The flip side of it is that the economy and the markets are not quite predictable. Some parts of the economy are doing well. Like our marine businesses are devising the ball out of the park.
 And defense, of course, is doing well with our recent passage, et cetera, we intently expect that to continue. What is unusual is that the prediction of the slowdown in industrial automation took us by surprise. We thought in January that we would be relatively flat for the year in our machine vision businesses. And now we certainly faced with in projecting 20% decline. Now that seems like a lot, but it's only $120 million. What is different today from the past is that Teledyne can absorb those kinds of shock much more easily than it could before.
 In 2015, '16, when oil went from over $100 down to $30, that was a shocker to Teledyne because our revenue was only $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion. And we had increased our marine businesses by almost 1/3 over a very short period of time. So what is different is that the shock absorber in Teledyne is a lot different and can absorb shocks like that. And we did this quarter, everything else being equal. When I look at it, I said, look, we have two hits that we took in long forth. So one of them was this significant decline in industrial automation. And some semiconductor, but semiconductor conductor seems to be recovering slowly.
 So we see signs of that. And I think the machine vision will come back. We took another hit in our Engineered Systems business, which was unexpected. But we had to go in and look at everything and do some estimates and change our estimates to complete. That was a onetime event. So I'm not going to worry about that too much. What I am saying is that, look, yes, we took a hit, and we're taking our revenue down by $220 million part of [indiscernible]. In the old days, at those days, we've taken a $220 million hit, that would have been just devastating. We recovered those kinds of shocks, I think we'll recover this time as well if not better because we have the muscle and the ability and credit to buy companies when necessary buyback our stocks. 
Greg Konrad: And then -- I appreciate that. And maybe just kind of a follow-up to that. I mean, just thinking back to what Teledyne did out of the oil and gas downturn and there was the sequester before that and impacted Defense. I mean if I remember back, I mean you took pretty aggressive actions, and we saw with margins and growth out of those two  downturns. I mean is there similar actions that you're undertaking on the short cycle side, does that offer opportunity maybe to examine the margins where you have an even better kind of trajectory coming out of market recovery? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. First, if you look at the FLIR businesses, year-over-year, the margins are up almost 200 basis points year-over-year. And the reason that happened is very simple. We took about $52 million worth of cost out last year, and we're taking additional $10 million to $15 million cost of this year early on. So that is affecting the margin. If you look at the DALSA e2v, which is our traditional businesses, our estimates are that by the end of second quarter, we have taken another $40 million out of that, altogether, we're talking about almost $100 million in cost.
 And we anticipate the DALSA e2v margins were the lowest have been for a long time. They were at 19.5% in Q1. We expect that to recover. And frankly, we expect the overall margins for Digital Imaging to be flat with last year on much lower revenues. So it basically says that -- we have taken the cost of and if need be, we'll take more. But I think right now, we're doing okay. We're just not very aggressive in our hiring. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. 
Joseph Giordano: Maybe I'll start on [indiscernible]  as well. Just curious on the timing of this, right? Because if you look at some of the pure players within vision they had huge declines last year and you guys did okay relative to them last year. And now this year, it seems like we may yet to report largely, but it sounds like they're going to be sequentially improving offload levels starting right now. And it seems like now is when you guys are starting to see declines. So I'm just curious your thoughts on that timing mismatch is because it's pretty short cycle stuff. 
Robert Mehrabian: It is. We know a couple of businesses that took a pretty good hit, but their quarters are kind of a little different and the yields are a little different from ours. They took a pretty big hit and lower their numbers significantly. So now they're coming up from the bottom, slightly better. We didn't take a hit because we didn't have short-cycle declines of the magnitude. So we anticipated it would happen, but it happened fast. And we took the cost off.
 The flip side of it is that in even digital imaging, we have, of course, the short-cycle businesses, but we also have long-cycle business like space and defense. And those markets are doing really well. So I got to be a little careful when we designate what is digital imaging. The -- basically, the average we think in the second half, we will recover because of the space in this business. 
Joseph Giordano: And then just a follow-up on the question earlier about is Teledyne different today. I think what you guys have been known for so long is being very good estimators of your own businesses with high precision. And when you think about all the M&A companies you've done, does that become just inherently more challenging today versus a decade ago just because you have so many more businesses. And is there maybe -- does there need to be a tinkering of the process with how you communicate upwards from the businesses towards management to fine-tune the budgeting process in light of some of these being caught off guard here? 
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I mean you're right in one respect. And I'll kind of paraphrase, but it is that the estimating the short cycle businesses actually always been inherently challenging. The flip side is the part that you mentioned, we have a lot of businesses, et cetera. That part is actually a help to us rather than a hindrance because it opens up the platform from which you can make acquisitions. And that is true and it will remain true. So we will accelerate that. The only we don't want to do is make stupid acquisitions with very high prices that are not going to be accretive. But the acquisitions we will do -- we had a larger platform to do that with.
 And like we just bought something in our Marine business, the [indiscernible] in the U.K. And we have [indiscernible], which is a digital imaging business. In the Netherlands, that we are going -- we're in the process of buying. The only difference between that business and our short cycle business is that they do a lot of custom imaging designs, and they have a significant market in imaging in the defense domain. So I think that this is an opportune time for us. Let's see what happens to the rest of the earnings and costs that come out.
 We didn't lower our numbers significantly. If we're lower, we'd be up now, right? So all we're saying is we're going to be flat with last year. Our margins are going to be the same by the end of the year. Our revenue is going to be about the same with that without making any acquisitions. Have enough muscles to buy our shares. And that's a good place to be with a -- even after those purchases, I think we'll end the year -- let's say, we bought $200 million of our stock. We still end the year below 1.5x debt-to-EBITDA ratio with -- which is below our target of 1.5x to 2.5x. So I think we're doing fine. I'm not worried. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with BNP. 
Andrew Buscaglia: So I wanted to get a sense of how much this guidance is really derisked. Maybe number one, are you assuming buybacks in the guidance. And then secondly, why should we have confidence given the low visibility that there's not another step down here in some of the shorter-cycle areas? 
Robert Mehrabian: A very good question, Andrew. First, No. The buybacks are not built into the numbers primarily because we buy back, it's really going to affect next year's EPS not this year's. So that's fairly neutral for this year, depending on, of course, how much we bought. So I would put that aside. The second part of the question, we've struggled with that mildly over the last 10 days and with our Board in the last 2 days, trying to decide how conservative we should be or how aggressive we should be. We've ended up being somewhere in between the two.
 We think that we have derisked some of the downside. On the other hand, we haven't derisked it all. Flip side, our defense businesses have relatively good backlog and the overall backlog in the company is 1.06. So the defense space businesses are going to come back in the second half. So they're going to balance that. In a situation like this, you can do one or two things. You can really lower the numbers and just play it very safe. or you can do what is a reasonable judgment of what you see in the market and go forward. We've taken the latter approach. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. Okay. Okay. Just -- I think some investors are also somewhat confused by the small portion of the sales, it seems like a small portion of digital imaging is driving sort of the profound declines. Can you kind of walk through within digital imaging. We know machine vision is weak, but that's probably only low double digits as a percentage of that segment. Can you walk through the other items beyond just machine vision and tell us how much that is as a percentage of that segment sales. So that we could [indiscernible] around what's affecting the overall decline? 
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. First, let's start with the machine vision specifically. Approximately $600 million in 2023. We projecting a decline of about $120 million of debt. So -- the reason it's affecting other things is that the highest margin businesses that we have in digital imaging. And overall, there are -- when you put the two parts together, which is DALSA e2v, [indiscernible] and FLIR, our total revenue there is going to be down about by year-end, about 1.5%. So it's not a big number, right? 1.5% but that's 1.5% with something like over $2.1 billion. So It's meaningful only because the top line $2.1 billion is significant. And it's our highest margin business. By year-end, we're projecting that basically, the declines would be 1.5% overall. With FlIR up and DALSA e2v down because of that. I don't know if that answers your question. The numbers when you look at them look large, but in retrospect, it's not huge, it's 1.5% of the total. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. Okay. And beyond machine vision or what other areas or short cycle that are out of favor? 
Robert Mehrabian: Well, the only other one that I would say is out of favor. I wouldn't call it out of favor. I would say it's decline. It's test and measurement. Test and measurement is the oscilloscopes and protocol solutions that we have. Last year, we had $340 million of revenue there. We expect right now that in January, we thought it remained flat. Now we expecting it to go down about 10%. So that's $30 million in revenue.
 The good part of that is that its margins are remaining very healthy and at the very high end of all of our margins, and we can take that decline in revenue without having a big hit anywhere out because Marine is making up those sales decline. The last area, which is a little different is the engineered system.
 In 2023, we had $440 million in revenue. Right now, we're projecting about a 10% decline or about $35 million to $40 million decline. If there is a good part to it is that, that's only 7% of our portfolio, and it's our lowest margin business at 10% or less. So that's why while the surprise here is that yes, we do have declines. What we're saying we are going to keep our revenue the same as last year. And our operating margins are going to be the same as last year in an environment that's a little more constricted for our digital imaging short cycle business. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 Next, we will go to Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. 
Unknown Analyst: This is Gaby on for Kristine. So I was just wondering if you can provide some -- a little bit of color if you've been seeing improvements in the supply chain and your expectations for the supply chain going forward and how that's going to impact throughout the year? 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much. Great question. The supply chain improved in 2023 significantly versus 2022. It has improved further this year. Just to give you exact number, we -- when we buy from brokers, we pay higher percentages of price. Last year in the first quarter, we bought about $10 billion for electronic buyers broker. This year, first quarter, we only bought a little over $2 million. So I think there's been significant improvement.
 Having said that, there are couple of suppliers that make very sophisticated board or device -- semiconductor devices that are still lagging and it's more of a delay problem rather that a price problem. So I think the supply chain is okay. We're experiencing some delays of some sophisticated part. Other than that, I think that's behind. 
Operator: Our next question is going to come from Noah Poponak from Goldman Sachs. 
Noah Poponak: Robert, you have the second quarter revenue to be about flat from the first the year-over-year rate of decline would need to accelerate. Is that right? Is that what you're anticipating? 
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, we're anticipating that it will be flat only because -- the answer is yes, only because we don't think our -- where we have really good backlog, it's got to kick in until the third quarter. The decline about, 4.5% from last year year-over-year in second quarter, yes. 
Noah Poponak: Okay. Yes. And then I guess that would imply kind of mid-single-digit organic revenue growth year-over-year in the back half. I was going to ask -- you just alluded to it, but I was going to ask how much of that is kind of purely visibility from longer cycle things in the backlog versus what's the assumption embedded in that on the short cycle side? 
Robert Mehrabian: I think primarily, it's what we have in the long cycle, the majority of that recovery is in what we have in our back maybe 3.5% to 4% improvement in revenue in the second half. There is a little bit of positivity in some of our short type of businesses only because our larger customers or platforms on which we serve like semiconductors. The data shows that it's better than it was last year and improving its up. So we have a little of that in mind. That -- so I think that's there but we're not counting on industrial automation, other things to improve significantly because frankly, we have no visibility. 
Noah Poponak: Okay. What are the pieces of the Engineered Systems margin in the quarter? Is there -- I assume there's some kind of cumulative catch-up adjustment mark-to-market write-down in that? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. What happens in that business is that, as you well know, we're obligated to do [indiscernible] accounting. As you estimate your cost and completion timing. When went back and looked pretty hard, we saw that some of the costs were higher than we had anticipated.
 So we adjusted those. I think that took kick out of our sales. But when you do cost to cost, what you take the sales down, let's say, several million dollars, you have to take the profit down the same amount. So that's what took the hit. But I think we know exactly what happens. We'll fix it, we are fixing it, and we should get beyond that as we move forward. 
Noah Poponak: Do you know the size of in front of you guys there on how much of a markdown you took in the quarter? 
Robert Mehrabian: Well, we took in Q1, we took about a $7 million EBIT hit, which was basically $0.10 to $0.11. So if that happened, we would have made our earnings. 
Noah Poponak: Okay. 
Robert Mehrabian: Despite the downturn in a short cycle imaging. We'll fix that. 
Noah Poponak: Got it. That's helpful. That's helpful. Last one, I guess, given how much you've now delevered balance sheet, net debt-to-EBITDA post FLIR integration. You're still going to have pretty healthy free cash flow despite tweaks you're making here today. If you're coming out with a share repurchase, I guess the number you're talking about is kind of small relative to your forward annual free cash flow generation, how much balance sheet firepower you have if you were to take leverage a little higher, a little bit of like if you're going to layup, layup type of thing. 
 I guess I'm surprised that you -- maybe part of it is you formulated all of this before the moving stock today. Is there a scenario where you reevaluate something more aggressive in 2024? Do you need to keep room for the M&A pipeline? How would you respond to that? 
Robert Mehrabian: Well, two ways. First, we'll put out the case about our authorization. And if you look at that, we have authorization to go from what we said was $200 million to $250 million to $300 million. We can go up to $1.25 billion in buybacks.
 It's -- as you know, Noah, that depends on the stock price and how the market reacts. But at the lower stock price, that we -- I'm just looking at this morning, I was looking at this morning, that would be a significant number of shares. We can do that if we choose. We still have enough powder to make acquisitions. Frankly, that part of our portfolio doesn't bother me.
 If you look at final data point you may want to know is we have only $150 million of fixed debt that we have to pay in the second half of 2024 in October, $150 million. We just paid for $50 million. The next payment doesn't have come due until 2026. And then if you look forward the next 3 or 4 payments, our average borrowing cost, and those are all fixed. Our average borrowing cost is more like 2.35%. So that's about as an idea that the as you want to have. And as we generate cash, we can buy the shares and we can make acquisitions. And we haven't even touched our line of credit yet. So from that perspective, I feel pretty comfortable. 
Operator: And at this time, there are no additional questions in queue. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much. We would like now to conclude the conference operator, I will now ask Jason to do so. 
Jason VanWees: Thank you, John, and thanks, everyone, for joining the earnings call this morning. Again, all the earnings release are on our website. The reply is available. And for those on the call, please feel free to [indiscernible] talk further. So thank you, everyone. 
Operator: As we mentioned, this conference has been recorded for replay, which will be available for one month starting at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time today and ending May 24, 2024 midnight. To access and listen to the replay at any time, you can call (866) 207-1041 and use access code 832-7266 International callers, you can use the number (402) 970-0847 and again, for domestic, that is (866) 207-1041 and international (402) 970-0847 and the access code to use is 832-7266. And that does conclude your conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event Conferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, it's my pleasure to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees : Thanks, Tom, and thanks, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman. I would like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's Fourth Quarter and full year 2013 (sic) [2023] earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian and our new but familiar management team, CEO, Edwin Roks, President and COO, George Bobb, Senior Vice President and CFO, Steve Blackwood, and also Melanie Cibik, EVP and General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary. After remarks by Robert, Edwin, George and Steve, we will ask for your questions. Of course, so before we get started, Tony's have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in, will be available for approximately 1 month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian : Thank you, Jason, and good morning, and thank you for joining our earnings call. In the fourth quarter, we achieved all-time record sales and GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share. Sales increased primarily due to the performance of our Marine medical and aerospace businesses, which were more than able to compensate for the previously announced headwind in the industrial automation and laboratory instrumentation market. Furthermore, Overall, record orders exceeded sales in every business segment but were particularly strong in our Marine and Defense businesses. Leverage declined further to 1.9% and our balance sheet remains healthy. Finally, we continue to acquire complementary businesses, as shown by the acquisition of Zeno Networks in the fourth quarter. Compared with last year, fourth quarter and full year non-GAAP operating margin increased 27 and 57 basis points, respectively. Our broad-based strength in orders was encouraging, especially in the uncertain global macro environment today. Nevertheless, it's worth noting that most of the increase in orders was in our backlog-driven longer-cycle businesses. So converting the orders to sales will take a little time. In terms of 2024 outlook, we, therefore, think the quarterly sales and earnings ramp will be a bit greater than in recent years. So while we see annual 2024 sales growth of about 4%, we believe that typically seasonally low first quarter will be slightly under $1.4 billion or roughly flat with last year. I will now turn the call over to Edwin and George, who will further comment on the performance of our 4 business segments.
Edwin Roks : Thank you, Robert. This is Edwin and I will report on the Digital Imaging segment, which is 56% of Teledyne's portfolio. And like Teledyne as a whole, this segment is a mix of longer-cycle businesses such as defense, space and health care, combined with shorter cycle markets, including industrial automation, semiconductor inspection and infrared components and cameras for application ranging from factory condition monitoring and maritime navigation. Fourth quarter 2023 sales was slightly lower compared to last year. Double-digit sales growth in each of X-ray products, FLIR surveillance systems and space-based infrared imaging detectors offset a significant year-over-year decline in sales of industrial imaging systems and Micro Electro Mechanical Systems, or MEMS. Fourth quarter sales of unmanned systems were at the greatest level in 2023 and but declined year-over-year due to a tough comparison. For the second quarter in a row, the FLIR business collective fleet were positive contributors to overall segment margin. In addition, FLIR quarterly sales increased year-over-year and were at the highest level in the last 2 years. George will now report on the other 3 segments, which will represent the remaining 44% of Teledyne.
George Bobb : Thanks, Evan. The instrumentation segment consists of our Marine, test and measurement and environmental businesses, which contributed a little over 23% of sales. For the total segment, overall fourth quarter sales increased 2.8% versus last year. Sales of marine instruments increased 14.7% in the quarter, primarily due to strong offshore energy sales, but also continued growth in global defense and ocean science markets. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems, which include oscilloscopes, digitizers and protocol analyzers were flat year-over-year. We continue to see some softness in sales of analyzers for electronic storage and data center applications. But this was largely offset by continued strong sales of oscilloscopes and a small amount of incremental sales from the Zeno acquisition. Sales of environmental instruments decreased 7.3% and with greater sales of air quality and gas and flame safety analyzers more than offset by lower sales of drug discovery and laboratory instruments. Overall, Instrumentation segment operating profit increased over 14% in the fourth quarter, with GAAP operating margin increasing 284 basis points to 27.1%, and 278 basis points on a non-GAAP basis to 28.1%, both all-time records for the segments. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, which represents 13% of Teledyne sales, Fourth quarter sales increased 3.4%, primarily driven by growth of commercial aerospace products. GAAP and non-GAAP segment operating profit decreased approximately 5% year-over-year primarily due to a tough comparison with last year's all-time record segment margin. For the Engineered Systems segment, which contributes 8% to overall sales, fourth quarter revenue decreased 3.8%. But operating profit increased with margin up 325 basis points. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian : Thank you, George. In conclusion, we were pleased with our record performance in 2023. In the near term, we will continue to focus on growth in those businesses with favorable markets while cutting costs and protecting margins in businesses which are more challenged. And at the same time, we'll be acquiring and integrating complementary businesses. When certain markets like laboratory instrumentation, industrial automation or electronic test measurement recover, we will keep our cost structure in check and benefit handsomely. But if there are global or macroeconomic shocks in 2024, we will do what we've done in the past, execute well, generate record cash flow and complete some of our base and potentially larger acquisitions. I will now turn the call over to Steve.
Steve Blackwood : Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our first quarter and full year 2024 outlook. In the fourth quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $164.4 million compared with $237.7 million in 2022. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $124.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 compared with $203.6 million in 2022. Cash flow declined in the fourth quarter since we made $139 million of additional tax payments, which we were allowed to defer from the second and third quarter of 2023, due to IRS disaster relief. Without these catch-up tax payments, quarterly cash flow have been at an all-time record. Capital expenditures were $40.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 and compared with $34.1 million in 2022. Depreciation and amortization expense was $77.4 million for the fourth quarter of 2023, compared with $81.8 million in 2022. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.60 billion of net debt. That is approximately $3.24 billion of debt less cash of $48.3 million. Now turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the first quarter of 2024 and will be in the range of $3.73 to $3.86 with non-GAAP earnings in the range of $4.55 to $4.65 per share. And for the full year of 2024, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $17.15 to $17.53. And on a non-GAAP basis, $20.35 to $20.68. The 2024 full year estimated tax rate, excluding discrete items, is expected to be 22.5%. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian : Thank you, Steve. We would now like to take your questions. Tom, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll begin today with a question from Jim Ricchiuti representing Needham & Company.
Jim Ricchiuti: I wanted to see if we could dig a little bit more into the way you see the year unfolding, it sounds like Q1 a little bit more seasonality. And I guess, with respect to the full year guidance, as you think about the balance of the year, are you making some assumptions of recovery in the shorter cycle business in the latter part of the year, particularly some of the areas that have been weaker, like the lab instrumentation and the industrial automation, machine vision area.
Robert Mehrabian : Alright. Yes. We're right now expecting uptick in those businesses in the second half of the year. We think that what will happen is that we will have a linear ramp in sales and earnings throughout the year with about average revenue increase of about 4% and earnings as we've outlined up to $20.68, which would reflect also an improvement in margin from this year to next year of another almost 50 to 60 basis points. So yes, we're anticipating that. On the other hand, we're also adjusting our cost structure and if necessary, we'll do more. So that our earnings remain healthy.
Jim Ricchiuti: With respect to the margin improvement that you're anticipating I'm wondering how should we think about margins by some of the major business units just directionally?
Robert Mehrabian : Sure. Jim, we are expecting margin improvement in every segment. A little lower in instruments, maybe 25 basis points. We already have very healthy margins there. On the other hand, in Digital Imaging, about 80 basis points. In Aerospace and Defense, we think we'll have 80 to 90 basis points. And engineered systems around 50 basis points. So overall, Jim, in the segment, we anticipate about 70 basis points margin improvement. And overall, for the company between 50 and 60 basis points. In a way, it's kind of similar to what we achieved this year. Which was about 60 basis points over last year.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies.
Greg Konrad: Maybe just to follow up with the last question, but on the revenue side, given the commentary around book to bail, 4% growth for the year. Can you maybe talk about the assumptions between long and short cycle or from a segment basis for growth in 2024?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes, Greg, let me give you the segment first. And then I'll try and answer the first question. From a segment perspective, with the instrumentation, would grow about 3.5% this year over last year. We think Digital Imaging will -- going back to instrumentation, there's a difference between the different businesses that we have. The marine businesses with healthy background backlog, as George mentioned, would grow about 6% to 6.5%, whereas environmental would be just under 3%, and we're expecting T&M to basically hold. Going to Digital Imaging. We believe that the overall sales increase would be above 4%. Aerospace and Defense, about 5%. Engineered Systems, about 4%. And when you add all of that up, we expect an average of about 4% at this time.
Greg Konrad: And then maybe if we can just dig into digital imaging a little bit more. I mean the commentary and the release around product lines on the call was helpful. But is there any way just for Q4 in 2023 to kind of level set or put some numbers behind growth in space in health care versus maybe the declines you've seen in other parts of the portfolio?
Robert Mehrabian : Sure. Let me start with Q4, please, and then I'll go to some of the others. In health care, we had really nice Q4. Revenue increased about 13.5% to 14%. In Aerospace and Defense, it increased about 5%. This offset basically weakness in our industrial and scientific vision systems. The flip side, if you go over to our FLIR businesses, we have really robust growth in our surveillance system, about 16.5%, and some of our detection products Overall, in Q4, FLIR revenue defense increased about 4.8%. Now going forward, to the future. I'll make a little distinction between DALSA e2v and FLIR. We think that DALSA e2v would have a modest growth of about 3%, offset by about 4.5% in FLIR. As mentioned earlier, clear defense especially, is experiencing really good order intake -- and we expect the growth there to exceed that of the rest of the imaging. So I can give you more detail, but that's basically a summary of it.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jordan Lines on for Ron. I wanted to ask, so for the backlog growth in the defense wins that you guys are seeing, how are you guys thinking about the risk of the CR?
Robert Mehrabian : Well, Sure. Obviously, CR is always an unpleasant occurrence for us. The way we're looking at it is we're only right now considering the orders that we have in house. We're not really looking at future orders. So book-to-bill has been healthy. These are longer-term programs. And frankly, we have some exciting new products coming out, which are being now tested. For example, if you look at our Black Hornet, we -- Black Hornet 3, which is our nano drones. Black Hornet 3 had a really good run over the past 5, 6 years. We've introduced a Black Hornet 4, which is already getting traction. We also have some really nice programs in space development agency, tranche true tracking layer as well as our international sales in that domain are healthy. So in some ways, while CR would be not a pleasant thing to experience. We've done it in the past. We've had CRs in many years. Right now, we're looking at what we have in our backlog, which is healthy.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then on the Unmanned Systems  Air systems that you guys cited as being lower for DI. Is that related to just sunsetting programs? Or what was driving that change?
Robert Mehrabian : I think basically, its tough comps rather than real declines. We think our drone businesses are healthy. We also have some businesses that our anti-drone or flame detection systems, which were selling in Europe, which are very healthy. So I think its just a matter of tough comps. Other than that, we feel very good about our drone businesses.
Operator: A question from the line of Joe Giordano with TD.
Joe Giordano: Close enough there. How are you doing?
Robert Mehrabian : Good, Joe. Good.
Joe Giordano: Can you -- I'll start on free cash flow. I think that at the end of the day, that probably came in a little lighter than you thought for the full year. Can you talk about how you think '24 shapes up and how working capital looks for the year?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes, you're right. It came in a little lighter, but we made some really good progress in the third quarter, and especially in the fourth quarter, from our managed working capital perspective, we had some significant improvement in our -- trying to reduce our inventory. The flip side is, we also did not -- we're always like most companies suffering from not being able to get cash for our R&D. So I'd say but that affected us maybe $75 million or $60 million to $75 million. Our cash, nevertheless, if you looked at it, we paid down $680 million of debt in 2023. Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio -- net debt-to-EBITDA ratio is about 1.9. So let me fast forward to 2024. We believe we'll do a little better in 2024 than we did in 2023. We'd like to think that we would have a 100% conversion, recognizing that there is always going to be this R&D headwind. Even though everybody in the Congress has agreed that the R&D program should be passed. I think nothing is passing in this Congress. So we're not -- we're assuming we don't get that. Nevertheless, we think will be somewhere between $900 million, $925 million and $1 billion. If we hit those numbers, which we think we will then our debt-to-EBITDA ratio should go down from 1.9 to closer to 1.1 to 1.2, which is -- which puts us in a really good position to be able to make both small and midsized acquisition.
Joe Giordano: That's really helpful color. My last one, we've kind of talked about the a lot, but I just want to -- maybe if you can frame for the full year of '23, like how much down was like the industrial and scientific vision? And what did that do to margins? And then how did FLIR margins for the full year look year-on-year?
Robert Mehrabian : Okay. Let me just pick the first part. Industrial and scientific vision, I'm going to say we're down about 2% year-over-year, larger declines in Q4 than that. In terms of the margins, FLIR margins actually improved significantly year-over-year. It went from 20.3% in 2022 to 22.1% in 2023, which was very healthy. As a consequence, we were able to hold the overall margins in Digital Imaging relatively flat.
Joe Giordano: And you'd expect FLIR to expand margins again in '24, correct? Just inherent in that margin commentary?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes. We think FLIR would have some margin expansion. But if you look at it as a whole segment that is our Digital Imaging segment, we expect margins to increase somewhere between 50 and 100 basis points in 2024.
Operator: Next, let's go to the line of Kristine Liwag representing Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Robert, last year, you talked about some facility consolidation at Digital Imaging. And you're also talking about 80 basis points in margin expansion this year for the segment. How much of that is from this consolidation from before on the floor integration? And how much of that is on better price cost? And ultimately, could we expect to see higher margins there if you have additional cost takeout you could do this year?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes, Kristine, let me see if I can do this properly. We -- we are in the process, for example, now in terms of space consolidation. What we're doing is we're getting out of leased spaces and moving to owned spaces. For example, in Massachusetts, we have an own space in Bevrica, we're getting out of a lease space there, and that should be effective in March. That will help us say something of $500,000, $600,000, $700,000. The issue that we have whole consolidation overall is helpful. It's the growth of our businesses and the lower costs that we have put in place this year. that should be more helpful. So when Edwin thinks about or talks about margin improvement, he is looking at really a lower cost structure, which we've achieved maintaining that and getting some growth, especially from our longer-cycle businesses. So it's a combination of those. I would say, lower cost and growth trumping just space consolidation.
Kristine Liwag: Great color. And in terms of industrial automation and the laboratory instrumentation markets, you've talked about a rebound for the second half of the year. What metrics are you looking at? What indicators are you following to -- that you're watching out for this end market?
Robert Mehrabian : For industrial automation, really is it's a combination of things. We're seeing, for example, some improvement in the semi market now, projections for improved semi market recovery. We'll also seeing some pickup in smartphones now, which is our consumer-related businesses, which affects our Micro Electro Mechanical Systems MEMS programs, in the other markets, especially laboratory instrumentation, we don't have as much visibility, frankly, we haven't seen these kind of declines before. So we think those should come back. But we're not counting on them a lot. We think there's a flip side of our environmental businesses, which is -- that's a part of which is the air quality, water quality monitoring, which have been very healthy. We have a nice backlog and -- we think the combination of those 2 will help us in that part of our instrumentation business.
Kristine Liwag: And last question for me. I mean, your current leverage position gives you flexibility to pursue more sizable deals? I mean, you've recently closed the Zeno acquisition. But in terms of larger deals, are valuations starting to look more attractive? And how is the 2024 pipeline shaping up?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes. I have to tell you, valuations on the larger deals have not come down yet as much as we would like. We've looked at some of the prices that our competitors have paid for large ones, those are kind of out of our range of what we would consider. On the flip side, we see some opportunities in smaller bolt-on acquisitions, what we call single pearls, which are available, and we will be pursuing those. If you looked at our '68, '69 acquisitions over our history, the string of pearls are of '68, '69. And they are the easiest to integrate. We can fit them in and we can improve their margins as we go. The larger deals, we have to be a little more patient because right now, prices are still pretty high.
Operator: Here's a question from Andrew Buscaglia with BNP.
Andrew Buscaglia: Digital Imaging margin. So I wanted to ask on -- so you're going to start Q1 sounds like in a whole. First off is digital imaging margins, do you expect those down year-over-year and that effectively marks sort of a bottom for that segment as sales start to improve from there?
Robert Mehrabian : No. The answer is no. I don't expect Digital Imaging margins to go down. I think that should go up a little bit in Q1 and then pick up the rest of the year. As I mentioned before, Andrew, this -- we think Digital Imaging as a whole should have margin improvement in '24, somewhere between 50 basis points and 100 basis points. We'd probably more prejudice towards the higher number. But nevertheless, no, I don't think we're expecting to suffer there because as we've done before, when some of our markets soften up, we take cost out. And then that helps maintain our margins. And the markets come back -- we really enjoy the margin improvement. So no, I don't think digital imaging is going to go down.
Andrew Buscaglia: And you mean up year-over-year or up sequentially?
Robert Mehrabian : Well, I think year-over-year first, it's going to between 50 to 100 basis points. I think -- and I think what would happen is if there's sequentially -- it will be sequential improvement. I don't expect things to go down.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. Okay. And then in past quarters, you sort of broke out [indiscernible] book-to-bill versus legacy Teledyne book-to-bill. Do you have that? And then wondering your view on potential incremental defense awards as the year progresses?
Robert Mehrabian : Sure. If you look at instrumentation, which is all legacy Teledyne in some ways. Which is marine, environmental and test and measurement. The book-to-bill in Q4 was 1.12 which is very healthy, driven primarily by Marine, which was really good. Digital Imaging, we -- or excluding FLIR, I'm just answering your question precisely, it was just over 1. Aerospace and Defense, it was closer to 1.2. That's historical paradigm. And Engineered Systems was just over 1. And then if you look at FLIR, which is our big acquisition, obviously, it was just over 1. So all in all, whether it's our historical Teledyne or Teledyne Plus FLIR, if you look at Q4, our book-to-bill was over more closer to 1.07%.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And then a question on you're feeling on incremental defense awards throughout the year. Is there still a lot you're tracking?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes. The answer is yes. We have a pretty good read on what's coming. We have some new products. I mentioned the Black Hornet 4. I mentioned the space Tranche 2. The primes that have gotten their awards in last week or we are up to all of them. And we feel good about that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And let's go to the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs.
Noah Poponak: Robert, your full year 2024 framework is assuming 4% full year organic revenue growth. Is that correct?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes, about 4%.
Noah Poponak: And can you just repeat what you said about the first quarter top line revenue dollars or organic revenue growth?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes. I think it'd be above 1.4 or a little under, if that's going to be our lowest quarter. And I'm saying that because of the short-cycle businesses that we're seeing. We have orders on long-cycle businesses. But we -- our short-cycle businesses -- we're assuming that will not recover much in Q1 and so it should be flat year-over-year in terms of revenue and then pick up.
Noah Poponak: Got it. Okay. Just -- yes, I wasn't clear, but now I am. And I guess in those short-cycle businesses, I mean this has sort of been asked and discussed, but just have you actually seen concrete evidence of when that will pick up? Or I know a short cycle, but orders for it to pick up? Or are you just kind of making an assumption based on everything you know about the business? And then I guess you'll also have easier compares.
Robert Mehrabian : That's very good. We look at our pipeline, as necessarily say that we have better orders at this time. But we're talking to our customers, we're looking at that inventory level, but they're sharing that with us. And we see that inventories are going down. As a consequence, we expect that we will start getting the orders. long cycle, of course, you understand that's much easier because we already have the orders, and we feel good about that. So the other thing that we do on the short cycle is we look at the generator trends that people are talking about in terms of what happened in the semi industry in the past number of quarters. And what's expected -- what people are projecting. We'd be thinking that environmental and test and measurement will eventually pick up. But we're also seeing some pickup in MEMS already in flame infrared as well as our maritime businesses. So that's what's encouraging. We see some lowering of inventories for our customers as well as some pickup in certain unique businesses of ours.
Noah Poponak: Okay. That makes sense, and that's helpful. If I go to the 4% organic for the year, and then I do what you said with the segment margins, I think most of the things between that and the EPS are pretty straightforward. I get something above your EPS guidance. Is it safe to assume that you've just embedded some degree of conservatism relative to the lack of visibility in short cycle in the EPS range?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes. You said it better than I could. We're always a little conservative. The other -- there's one other thing that I should mention. When we look at our segment, per se. And we look at increases in segment margins. We have to be cognizant of the fact that the new management, which is Edwin and George are now going to be their costs or their pay is going to reflect in the corporate portion. And we're also seeing a little higher medical and insurance premiums. So corporate, we expect would go up. That's why while the margins in the segment look much higher, the corporate margins are -- we're assuming they're going to be increasing about 50 to 60 basis points.
Noah Poponak: Last one, some of your commentary makes it sound like the M&A pipeline is pretty full and pretty active and you're pretty optimistic about what you see. Other things you've said suggests there's a bid-ask spread and maybe it's a little tougher. So I guess, can you put a finer point on it in terms of how likely we are to see deals this year?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes. Let me just say that the confusion may have reason because I was answering 2 questions at the same time. The first part was larger acquisitions because we -- our leverage ratio is obviously going down and it go down faster this year. The larger acquisitions right now that we look at are pretty expensive. People are paying prices that we are not going to. On the other hand, smaller acquisitions are available, and we expect to make some this year. So I think we'd be patient for the larger ones like we always have been and -- but we will make some smaller acquisitions this year. So we have a reasonable product line.
Operator: Next is the question from Robert Jamieson with UBS.
Robert Jamieson: Very helpful. Just one kind of smaller one on A&D electronics. Strong growth, like expected for next year and another 80 to 90 basis points of margin expansion. Just curious how you're thinking about the growth split within commercial aerospace between new builds and then MRO? And then how should we think about the puts and takes on margin there, maybe if like MRO is a little bit pressured next year?
Robert Mehrabian : Let's stay with aerospace first. A significant amount of our revenue in aerospace is in the aftermarket. Because we have a very large embedded base in aircraft of various kinds. So we think that is going to be very helpful for us. We also are -- obviously, in 737, we have a product line that's going into that. And we think that's going to help us regardless of the current issues with builds and so on. On the defense side, we are seeing some good programs in modernization, stockpile, replacement. And we think those would be helpful to us. And obviously, we believe it will be a balance of improvement, both in aerospace and in defense perhaps 5% to 6%. 5% to 6% in each domain.
Robert Jamieson: That's great. And then this is kind of more of a random question, but just -- we talked a little bit about capital allocation. You got a full funnel, probably going to look to do some smaller acquisitions. Absent anything large, and I know this would be a deviation for what we've seen over the last several years. But would you have any interest in buying back stock? And then I guess one other kind of thought or questions that random would be given like the float, would you ever consider a stock split to maybe make it a little bit easier to trade like tighten the bid-ask spread? And could that ever maybe make it easier for you to buy back stock?
Robert Mehrabian : Split, no. And the reason -- let me start there. And the reason I say that that's a pain for our investors. And 90-plus percent of our investors are institutional investors. We don't want to cause that kind of a problem for them. We have very small fraction of our investors that are retail investors. Going back to buyback. Right now, we think our investment returns are much better reflected in acquisitions than stock buyback. You don't want to say never because stock goes down a lot, then it becomes attractive. I'm hoping that doesn't happen. We do have open authorization if we wanted to do that. But right now, I don't see that as long as we have attractive acquisitions, even small ones, we'll do those. And there's nothing wrong also having some cash on the side in these days. with the interest rates that we're seeing. So we have to pay down about $600 million of debt this year. In some ways, it's unfortunate because it's fixed debt at less than 1%. But then we don't have to pay down debt going in 2026. So we'll have a lot of cash available to do things. So we think we'll be okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up from Joe Giordano, he's representing TD Cohen.
Joe Giordano: Just wanted to ask on the pricing environment because I know you said before that maybe you took less -- I mean, price was so strong for kind of everyone for a long time here. But I think in some areas, maybe in some of the vision products, you took less price than you probably could have to kind of maintain share. And just curious how the pricing environment has evolved since you made those comments and what you're thinking how price is a part of your guidance for next year?
Robert Mehrabian : First point, backwards, in '23, we had some nice price increases. I'm going to say broadly 2% to 3%, let's say, 3%. We expect the same in '24. In some areas, obviously, we were able to increase price more than 3%. But in some areas like government contracts that are not peak [indiscernible] the cost plus then you can increase prices as such. So I think 2% to 3% is what we're looking at for '24.
Operator: And we have no other participants queuing up at this time.
Steve Blackwood : Thank you very much, Tom. I'll just have -- I'll ask Jason to please conclude our call.
Jason VanWees : Thanks, Robert. Again, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. And if you have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release. And Tom, if you could give the replay information, just a conclusion, that would be the ideal.
Operator: One moment here. I pull that up -- sorry about that. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be available for replay, if you can make one moment. It will be available for replay in an hour, and it will run through February 24 at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay service at any time by dialing (866) 207-1041 866-207-1041 and entering the access code of (459-0647)45-90647. And we thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Event Services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Teledyne's Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thanks John and good morning everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman, and I'd like to welcome everyone to our third quarter 2023 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian and Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main. Also joining today are Steve Blackwood who will assume the role of SVP and CFO on December 1st; Melanie Cibik, currently Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary will be promoted to Executive Vice President on January 1st; and Edwin Roks and George Bobb, currently Executive VPs of Teledyne will assume the roles of CEO and President and COO, respectively, on January 1st. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in, will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning and thank you for joining our earnings call. These are exciting times for Teledyne. We have new leadership coming in, but we also have continuity and resilience in our programs, in our operations and our ability to meet what we say we would do in our earnings. In the third quarter, as example, we achieved record operating margin and earnings per share. GAAP operating margin of 18.8% was a third quarter record. On a non-GAAP basis, the operating margin was 22.8%, which was an all time record for any quarter. Likewise, GAAP earnings per share of $14.15 (sic) [$4.15] was a third quarter record and non-GAAP earnings per share of $5.05 was an all-time record for Teledyne. Compared to last year, GAAP and non-GAAP operating margins increased 119 and 86 basis points, respectively, and both GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share increased approximately 11%. Our overall third quarter performance was led by growth in our marine, medical, aerospace and certain defense businesses, coupled with vigilant cost control. There was, however, some deterioration in certain end markets such as industrial automation and laboratory instrumentation. Nevertheless, given our focus on operational excellence, operating margins increased, both sequentially and year-over-year in Digital Imaging and Instrumentation segments, helping generate record earnings. Given continued debt repayment through September, which totaled about $680 million year-to-date, our consolidated leverage ratio declined to just under 2 times. And finally, we're pleased to have added Xena Networks to our test and measurement businesses which also continued to perform very well in a challenging environment. In terms of our outlook, we now see total sales for 2023 growth of about 4% or a little less than the second half versus our July outlook with the fourth quarter sales being roughly $1.45 billion. Approximately half of this change in incremental -- is due to incremental currency translation headwind from July to now, and the balance being further deterioration in industrial automation and laboratory instrumentation markets mentioned earlier. However, given the strong margin and earnings achieved in the third quarter, we're raising our non-GAAP earnings outlook to $19.25 at the midpoint from a prior outlook of $19.10. I will now further comment on the performance of our four segments. Third quarter sales in our Digital Imaging segment were flat compared to last year. Sales of x-ray products, infrared imaging detectors and surveillance system increased year-over-year but were offset by lower sales of unmanned ground systems, and micro-electro-mechanical systems or MEMS. Sales of commercial marine hardware and software were flat, but declined organically. Finally, cameras and sensors for industrial automation declined compared to last year. Like Teledyne as a whole, the Digital Imaging business portfolio is exceptionally well balanced across market segments and geographies. With the help of bolt-on acquisitions and growth in our medical and defense markets, we were able to offset declines in industrial automation and its -- and the small portion of our overall portfolio that is associated with consumer discretionary spending. Despite of the flat revenue, margins performance improved considerably to record levels with the FLIR businesses collectively slightly higher than segment average margins. Turning to our Instrumentation businesses. This segment consists of marine instruments, test and measurement and environmental instruments. Overall, third quarter sales in Instrumentation segment increased 7.4% versus last year. Sales of marine instruments increased 20.5% in the quarter, primarily due to ongoing recovery in offshore energy markets and also greater sales of acoustic imaging systems. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems, which includes oscilloscopes, digitizers and protocol analyzers, collectively increased 2.5%. We continue to see some softness in sales of analyzers for electronic storage and data center application. But, this was more than offset by sales of devices for wireless and video protocols as well as continued strong sales of oscilloscopes. Demand for high-speed networking customers remains very healthy, and we see the Xena acquisition, enhancing our offerings in this market. Sales of environmental instruments decreased slightly compared to last year, with sales of air quality and gas and flame safety analyzers offsetting some decline in drug discovery and laboratory instruments. Overall, Instrumentation segment operating profit increased over 20% in the third quarter with GAAP operating margins increasing 277 basis points to 26% and 253 basis points on a non-GAAP basis to 27%. These were all-time records for this segment. Third quarter sales in our Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment increased 8.1%, driven by growth both in defense electronics and aerospace -- commercial aerospace products. GAAP and non-GAAP operating profit increased 11.5% with margins 81 basis points greater than last year. Finally, in the Engineering Systems segment, third quarter revenue increased 4.1%, but operating profit declined slightly, given an unfavorable product mix but also a tough comparison with the prior year period. So, in conclusion, we are pleased to continue to do what we know best, grow sales and margin in businesses with favorable markets, while cutting costs and protecting margins in those businesses where market trends are more challenging. At the same time, especially now that our leverage continues to decline, we should acquire and integrate complementary businesses. Before turning the call to Sue, I want to thank her for her more than 34 years of service to Teledyne, and I wish her very, very well-earned retirement. I will greatly miss her. And finally, I want to congratulate our other executives on their well-deserved promotions announced yesterday, and I and the entire Board are delighted that the same talented group of executives will continue to serve Teledyne's leadership. Sue?
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert, for the kind words, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2023 outlook. In the third quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $278.2 million. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $255.2 million in the third quarter of 2023 compared with $252.2 million in 2022. Capital expenditures were $23 million in the third quarter of 2023 compared with $16.7 million in 2022. Depreciation and amortization expense was $76.9 million for the third quarter of 2023 compared with $80.8 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.74 billion of net debt. That is approximately $3.24 billion of debt less cash of $508.6 million. Our stock-based compensation expense was $8 million in the third quarter of 2023 compared with $6.7 million in 2022. Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2023 will be in the range of $4.07 to $4.21 per share with non-GAAP earnings in the range of $4.95 to $5.05. And for the full year 2023, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is now $15.82 and to $15.96. And on a non-GAAP basis, we are raising our outlook to $19.20 to $19.30. Both the fourth quarter and full year non-GAAP outlook excludes estimated pretax charges for further FLIR integration costs. The 2023 full year estimated tax rate, excluding discrete items, is expected to be 22.1%. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. Operator, we'd now like to take questions. If you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to our first question, its coming from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company.
Jim Ricchiuti: Congratulations, Sue, and congratulations to everyone else, on the new appointments. Robert, maybe a question for you. You talked about the booking strength at FLIR last quarter. And I'm wondering how did that business fare Q3 from a booking standpoint? And what does the near-term outlook look like in the Teledyne FLIR business? And maybe as a follow-up, if you could provide a little bit more color on the overall level of bookings and the various bookings at the segment level. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jim. I would say on the FLIR specific, we're moving up to 0.93, 0.95 at the present time with improvements in the Defense segment. And Defense is going to be over 1 actually for FLIR business. We had an inflection in the Defense businesses there in the second quarter and we have some really good new awards that makes us feel good about that domain. Going to the rest of overall book-to-bill, Jim, I will exclude Engineered Systems because sometimes it would -- big, lumpy orders might increase book-to-bill to 1.4, 1.5 or dropping to 0.6 depending on the quarter. So, if I exclude that, I think we will be over 0.9 at this time. But that is not a big concern at the present because where we have some softness in certain markets, we are gaining traction in markets like energy, defense, healthcare, and that's why our margins are improving. And we're projecting better earnings as we go forward.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. And can you give an update on the facilities realignment at FLIR and when do you expect to see the meaningful improvement on margins as it relates to these moves or maybe you're already starting to see some of those benefits?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Jim, we're already seeing those benefits. First of all, most everything will be done in the March to April time frame. The reductions in force, a majority of them have happened and the rest will happen in the Q4 time frame. The facility closures, transfer of one facility to another, that will happen in early next year. But having said that, coming back to the margins of -- FLIR margins have really improved this quarter, both because of the cost reduction, also because of the mix of businesses that we have and Digital Imaging as a whole, which includes DALSA and e2v. At the end of last quarter, we were looking at perhaps a little margin decrement of 15 basis points. That has not turned around. We expect for the year to be -- margins to be up 20 basis points. So about 35 basis points, 40 basis points improvement over a quarter because of the focus on cost.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jordan on for Ron. I just had a quick question. Could you guys walk us through any of the exposure you guys have to the Israel-Palestine conflict? And if you're seeing any increase in heritage FLIR program interest or any changes coming from outlays?
Robert Mehrabian: We have some background. I think, basically, we expect in the long term to have some orders in our defense businesses from that. We have -- we are a supplier, obviously, and we think that the conflict -- unfortunately, the conflict is what it is. But I think I'm not at liberty to disclose, but we have contributed to some of the defense mechanisms that are used by Israel. The other part is that the first thing that will happen is that there'd be a refreshment of the stockpiles in the defense businesses, both because of the conflict in Israel, but also as well as the conflict in Europe. And these are present themselves as obviously long-term opportunities, both the FLIR defense program, but also our Aerospace and Defense segment that has a lot of components and subsystems that go into various products.
Operator: Next, we go to Joe Giordano with TD Cowen.
Joe Giordano: Just curious on the management changes that you articulated for January 1st. Is there any real like change in the org structure internally just in terms of how the businesses are going to roll up? You have a COO now. Like, just curious if there's any kind of like structural changes in how the business is going to report.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think that's a good question, Joe. Two things. First, we have one subsegment, which is in the instruments businesses. You remember instruments consists of marine, environmental test and measurement. The marine already refers to George Bobb, the test and measurement and environmental reports to me. Those would begin reporting to George in January. Edwin has been running our biggest segment, which is our Digital Imaging segment. He will continue running that for a while. But as time goes on over the next 12 to 18 months, they will begin harmonizing, George learning more about the Digital Imaging businesses and Edwin learning more about the businesses that George is running at the present time. The resilience to all of this is that I'm not going anywhere. We'll continue to work together, the three of us, also, of course, with others like Jason and Steve Blackwood and Melanie, to make sure that all the assignments, changes happen slowly, orderly and don't offset any of our market leading products that we're focused on. So, I see this as a continuum but one in which both Edwin and George take more responsibility and I move to more to worrying about how to allocate capital with Jason, do more M&A and also improve our margins, which is something we have to do continuously.
Joe Giordano: I appreciate that color there. If I go over to DI margins, I mean, obviously, that's been a focus area for investors and for you guys. It was pretty substantially higher than maybe what people anticipated this quarter. Curious if there was any kind of one-off type benefits going on this quarter that maybe we have to consider reversing out? And then into next year, we have time before we get there, but I think you guys have been at conferences recently talking about maybe 23% is a good target for next year. Is it early target? You're kind of going to be there now. If you think this year is off of 20 bps, you're kind of going to be almost at 23 for this year. So, does that target not just become that much more conservative? How should we think about that?
Robert Mehrabian: That's a good one. Actually, you're right. The margins have improved. Right now, we're projecting for the full year '23 to be at 22.7%. So, it's very close to the 23% that you mentioned. Moving further up, of course, that's what we're going to strive for. We have to take a little more cost out in DALSA, e2v as we've done in FLIR, and we're doing that right now. And the other part that I think would affect it is that some of the markets that are declined like semiconductor, automation sensors in our vision systems, those are going to come back and then finally, we have some new markets for our Digital Imaging, for example, inspection of lithium-ion batteries. You remember now, most of that manufacturing is beginning to switch back to North America. And we do have some really good systems for quality control. And you can guess lithium-ion battery, a flaw can be catastrophic. So, these new cameras, new markets will offset some of the declines we have now, but I also think that the semi market will come back. So if all of that takes place, as I've just outlined, obviously, our margins should improve.
Joe Giordano: If I could just sneak in one last one. If I think about your oscilloscope business, I know that's growing very quickly now on delivery of backlog. But if you think about where orders have been all year, and let's say, we don't -- like absent an inflection in near term in orders, is that a business that likely declines just given where your backlog is and what you're delivering this year, if I think into 24?
Robert Mehrabian: No. I think -- we feel very good about our T&M business. First, remember, as you said, part of it is oscilloscope, part of it is digitizers and very fast-growing part has been our protocol analyzers where we've just made the acquisition, Xena acquisition. The book-to-bill in that business is between 0.94, 0.95 at this time. By the way, in protocols, we don't really see declines. What we see is a little push out because new standards are continuously evolving in our protocols are at the forefront of those standards. So, people will be adapting those. But while those have softened a little bit, oscilloscope, because we are also offering new products, are doing fine. I know that market may not look as exciting now that it has known before, but it is for us. It's very exciting.
Operator: We will go now to Greg Konrad with Jefferies.
Greg Konrad: Maybe just to level set the guidance for the year in terms of revenue. I mean, you mentioned industrial automation and laboratory instrumentation softening. But, can you just remind us where FX is the biggest headwind given you said that was half of the impact? Just kind of thinking about the segments for the rest of the year.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. The FX that I mentioned is versus what we were looking at in July, and things have tightened and it's costing us about 1%. And it's mostly focused in our Digital Imaging and Instrumentation businesses. Having said that, overall, if you look at year-over-year, we do get a little tailwind. But it tightened significantly from our July meeting to today. We'll deal with it, like we deal with any market softening here and there. I mean, basically focus on getting products up where there's a good market, cut costs where we don't have the market, improve our margins, and if we can do what we just did, beat and raise.
Greg Konrad: And then, the operating discipline definitely comes through. Given those two markets that you did say were deteriorating, how does price play into this? Just thinking about maybe what you're able to capture does that kind of change the pricing equation at all thinking about into year-end?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think what we have been able to do is increase prices successfully in businesses that are doing well, like on our Aerospace and Defense businesses or certain parts of our environmental. And for example, marine where we have a really strong market at the present time, we've increased prices. That offsets prices that we have not been able to increase in the environmental area. So, it changes across our portfolio up and down. But generally, we are successful in raising prices across the board, we have been this year versus let's say last year. And we think that sustainability that's happening for our businesses will allow us to increase prices but more modestly going forward than we have aspirations for. But if things turn around, we'll do it.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Andrew Buscaglia with BNP. Go ahead, please.
Andrew Buscaglia: So maybe -- you guys mentioned, or Robert, you mentioned your book-to-bill is just over 0.9, which is not too inspiring, heading into 2024. But you talked about some optimism in some areas, like Digital Imaging, some of those markets coming back. I'm wondering, can you comment on your expectations heading into the new year? Last quarter, you talked about backlog possibly or defense backlog converting into Q4. And you're sounding more optimistic around new awards as well materializing. So, I'm just wondering, can that book-to-bill change on us heading into the new year, or how are you feeling going into January, February?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think, to cut to the chase, we still have over $3 billion of backlog, which is very healthy. There are some short-cycle businesses that there have obviously been short cycles, especially in the environmental area, as an example. 0.9, 0.93 does not bother me, only because we have also a slew of new products that are coming to market. For example, just take going back to FLIR Defense, we just introduced a new nano-drone called the Black Hornet 4, which can go twice as high as the one we have, which is Black Hornet 3, was only 10,000 feet. This can go up to 20,000 feet, last longer, be a lot more -- do a lot of other things. We also have new programs in counter-UAS. And the other thing that is exciting for us that we're just starting to get some traction on is understanding where we can bring our intelligence systems, if you want to call it, artificial intelligence, to bear. We have now about $250 million to $300 million of products that are benefiting from not just being sensors but being systems, cameras that provide intelligent information. So, it doesn't bother me, the slight decrement in backlog. It's primarily because certain parts of the market, like semiconductor is done. But all semiconductor inclusive across Teledyne is less than 10%. So, it doesn't bother me. I think the more important thing is, can we just keep bringing new products and make the acquisitions that we are now able to do because our leverage is down and do what we've always done, acquire, integrate and increase our earnings per share.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. Okay. Well, that dovetails into my next question around M&A. With your leverage now back below 2ish, what are you seeing in the pipeline for next year? And then, maybe if you don't see M&A materialize, what are your thoughts on share repurchase just given where your valuation is?
Robert Mehrabian: I'll answer the M&A question. Share repurchase is something that we haven't done. We've only purchased shares I'm going to say, 10, 12 years ago about $400 million, when you look at our market cap versus that very small fraction. I think our M&A opportunities are there. We're looking at smaller acquisitions at the present time with one or two what I'll call, midsize, several hundred million dollar acquisitions in the potential pipeline. The one thing we have to be careful about is there's some really outrageous prices that people are paying for some of the acquisitions we've looked at. multiples of sales going 15 times. And that's just not us. Well, we are looking at smaller acquisitions, both here and in Europe and they'll come along just like we've done before, what we call the string of pearls, and we will make those acquisitions. If we don't make any acquisitions on the flip side, by the end of next year, our leverage ratio would be 1, which was actually less than that before the FLIR acquisition. And cash also will help our earnings, but our primary focus is going to be acquisitions.
Operator: Next, we go to Rob Jamieson with UBS.
Rob Jamieson: Just a couple. Can we run through the segment -- each segment and what you're embedding for organic and margin expectations just for the rest of the year? And then also, just hit on your net leverage comment there. Is it safe to kind of assume that you guys are going to be able to produce above like maybe $1 billion in free cash flow in '24?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me answer the last question first. We're right in the middle of our planning cycle for our operating plan and made presentations to our Board yesterday, and the answer is yes. Let me now go back to the organic question that you asked for this year. Fundamentally, we're going to have -- organically, we're going to be relatively flat in our overall Digital Imaging business, maybe a little -- a percent down, but that's partly because we're also cleaning up some stuff that are not profitable. On the other hand, we will have organic growth of almost 6% in our Instrumentation businesses, which, as I said, is environmental, test and measurement, and marine. We're going to have similarly, over 6% in our Aerospace and Defense organic growth, and about 8% in our Engineered Systems. So, those are very healthy growths for this environment that we're all experiencing.
Rob Jamieson: And then, I guess, just one specific to test and measurement. You said you had a new protocol product that was coming to market in September. Just wondering what the uptake is and how customers are reacting to that? And is that -- could that be an incremental benefit to that sliver of instrumentation in fourth quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. The new protocol is the PCI Express Gen 7. The life cycle of that is usually a couple of years. I think we'll see some benefit from that next year, probably later next year. But the flip side is the protocol business that we just bought, Xena is fulfilling a gap that we had in our protocol businesses, which was the high-speed network protocols, and they fill that gap very well. So we love our protocol businesses and hope that we can buy more of them as time goes on.
Operator: Next, we go to Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Congratulations on the leadership changes. Robert, I hope that this change means you get some extra free time.
Robert Mehrabian: I hope so, too. I have my new leaders shaking their head, across the table from me, but I hope I will. Yes. Thank you, Kristine.
Kristine Liwag: Well, great, and it's been wonderful to follow your career and what you've done for Teledyne. So, maybe with the leadership changes, I mean, sometimes there's also a change in strategic focus. I mean, Teledyne is a much broader and bigger company than it was over 20 years ago. You mentioned earlier that M&A is still a priority over share buybacks. I guess, as we look out the next 5, 10 or even 20 years and maybe that question is a little too broad of a scope for this call, but how do we think about the strategic direction for Teledyne? Like where to from here?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, first, let me answer the first question. The way we operate in the current Teledyne is a lot of the M&A ideas come from our businesses. Now, we are proactive. At any one time, we have a large funnel of businesses that we're looking at. But that will not change because it comes from Digital Imaging, it comes from Instrumentation and marine and A&D. And these are areas that the two leaders that are taking over are responsible for. So I don't think in the short term, things will change. Also in the short term, at least, I'm still going to be here. And of course, Jason helps make a lot of the capital allocation decisions. But having said that, we will probably focus more on commercial businesses as we go forward. And we will get some defense businesses, but we don't want our defense businesses to grow beyond where they are today. We have a healthy balance of 25% defense, 75% commercial. Almost half or 47% of our commercial businesses are overseas. We're also expanding some defense business in the NATO countries and the Middle East. But having said that, I think my colleagues and I agree that we do not want to change our portfolio from what it is today to something that is not sustainable. If you're singularly focused on one market, when that market suffers, then it takes the whole company down. Our balanced portfolio is our resilience and our ability to tolerate changes. And as you can see, while we have some weakness in certain areas, we have strength in other areas. We have growth in instruments, in A&D, Engineered Systems. And so I don't think that will change. Now I'm talking about three years. If you go beyond that, then I can't predict, because the world is changing so much right now. I mean, it's such a difficult environment in some cases. It will depend on what happens and our strategies will evolve.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have one more in queue at this time. We're going now to Noah Poponak. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Congratulations to everybody on the new seats or responsibilities. Robert, I just want to go back to the DI margin. You just printed a number that you previously said you would get to in two years. It sounds like you're saying the majority of the explanation for that is that you performed an incremental cost out. And so, if that's the driver, wouldn't that kind of sustain in the margin from here? And therefore, why would that margin pull back from the level that you just reported?
Robert Mehrabian: I mentioned the margin for the year of 22.7% in DI, which is 35 basis higher than it was what I quoted in Q2 -- at the end of Q2. What has happened is that the cost out is important because it's not just people, it's the consolidation of our facilities as well. We have not done that. We were all focused on, at first, fixing our export control issues, fixing our tax liabilities. We're still working on tax liabilities somewhat. But what's happening is that the defense business at Digital Imaging, specifically FLIR, are getting better. And machine vision, while it's getting worse at the present time, it sooner or later is going to have to come back. And so, I was a little cautious about for next year when I was asked about the margins, and I stayed with the 22.7%, maybe 22%. But over the long term, there's no reason that these margins in these businesses could not be like margins in our Aerospace and Defense, which we're predicting this year to be 27.6% or our instruments with our 26.1%. There's no reason that margins cannot improve and get there.
Noah Poponak: Okay. That's helpful context. I understood part of the challenge to be that there's been volatility in defense outlays compared to what's been authorized at the end market level. And so, with regard to your defense business inside of Digital Imaging, you were gearing up for higher defense revenue that then just kind of surprisingly didn't come through. And so, did that come through in the third quarter, or what was the growth rate, I guess, in the defense piece of Digital Imaging in the quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: We have several large programs that came through in the third quarter. And large -- for us things are below -- above $10 million, $20 million, for example. We got some counter unmanned vehicle systems that we partnered with Kongsberg. That was a nice win in Q3. We've also penetrated some of our nano-drones are now moving into India. We had a nice award from there. Also, our surveillance program, we had to straighten out some of the issues with our gimbals and vibration and products that we inherited. We straightened those out, and we have now a Navy award that's about $35 million. So surveillance grew in Q3. And I think with the many drones and our newer products, we think well do fine. Our unmanned programs we expect to grow in Q4. Overall, what we've been able to do is really take the non-profitable stuff-up, consolidate facilities that shouldn't have been separate to begin with, focus on the things that we can deliver, unmanned systems using our own sensors. Other people have unmanned systems to various conflicts that use our sensors. So we're happy to send them our sensors, but we also can incorporate them in our system. So, we kind of think that the defense business there in DI has had an inflection point and is really turning positive now.
Noah Poponak: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one last one in DI. What do you now expect the rate of decline to be for the year in the machine vision piece? And do you have enough order book or visibility to have a sense for what that revenue does in '24, or is it too short cycle?
Robert Mehrabian: I think, overall, we're going to see an increase in revenue in DALSA, e2v part of DI, as much as 6% with some of it coming from acquisitions. In the other part of DI, which would be FLIR, we expect that we may have slight decline, let's say, to 1.839 -- 1.834 lets say from 1.84 what was then 1.86 last year, which is very minor. And some of that comes from Raymarine, where we -- consumer products that are more discretionary at this time. But overall, I don't see a huge decline in Digital Imaging because DALSA, e2v has grown. And we are weathering the downturn in some of our other commercial products very well. And then we, of course, have some really good upside in things like healthcare, where markets, even in, let's say, in Q3, we had almost 12% increase in revenue in that area. So, it's balanced.
Noah Poponak: Sorry. Those comments are on total Digital Imaging revenue, you're saying?
Robert Mehrabian: Total Digital Imaging revenue. Yes.
Noah Poponak: Okay. I appreciate that. I just -- so it's clear. I was asking on just machine vision within Digital Imaging.
Robert Mehrabian: Just machine vision?
Noah Poponak: Yes.
Robert Mehrabian: Okay. There's different parts of it. There's a machine vision at DALSA, e2v and there's some machine vision in FLIR. I haven't added those two together. If I were to add those two together, I'd say, the full year might be down 2%. But again, could be a little higher, but it doesn't bother me that much, Noah, only because, as I mentioned before, we have new products like in battery inspection, and we're more emphasizing our ability to put some information and intelligence in our devices, cameras, a move up market. So, this market is going to turn. It's not going to stay where it is. Semiconductor is not going to stay down forever. And I think we're well positioned for growth once those turn a little bit.
Noah Poponak: Yes. That's interesting. It's much different than the peer set. So, yes, it seems well positioned. Okay. All right. Well, thanks again. Thanks for the time. I appreciate it.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much, Noah.
Operator: And we have no additional questions in queue at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. I'll now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again, thanks everyone for joining us today. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to call me. Number is on the earnings release or of course, send me an e-mail. And all the press releases are available on our website as is the replay. John, if you could give the dial-in information for the replay at the end of this call that would be great.
Operator: Certainly. Ladies and gentlemen, this call has been recorded and will be available for replay from today at 10 am Pacific through midnight on November 25, 2023. To access the replay, dial 866-207-1041 and enter access code 6439556. International participants, dial 402-940-0847. Once again, those numbers are 866-207-1041 for domestic and for international it's 402-940-0847 and the access code again is 6439556. And that will conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event Conferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by today's conference assembled [ph]. Welcome to the Teledyne Technologies Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, it's my pleasure to turn the conference over to our host, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, Dom. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman. I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's second quarter 2023 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. Also joining is Edwin Roks, Executive VP. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course, though, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in our earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. Actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in, will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason and thank you for joining our earnings call. In the second quarter, we achieved all-time record quarterly sales, with overall sales increasing 5.1%. Furthermore, sales as well as GAAP and non-GAAP operating profit and operating margin increased year-over-year in every segment. For the total company, GAAP and non-GAAP operating margins increased 105 and 73 basis points, respectively. Excluding foreign currency headwind, which negatively impacted second quarter sales growth by approximately 40 basis points, growth in local currency would have been 5.5%. GAAP operating margin of 18% was a second quarter record and non-GAAP operating margin was 21.4%. Second quarter GAAP earnings per share were $3.87 and non-GAAP earnings of $4.67 were also second quarter records. And finally, including continued debt repayment through July, which totaled about $620 million year-to-date, our consolidated leverage ratio declined to 2.1x. I'll now comment a bit further on the performance of Teledyne flare and the announced cost reductions and the outlook for the balance of the year. In the 2 years, since we've owned FLIR, we've resolved the most significant legacy tax matters, exited the consent agreement with the Department of State, consolidated leadership in marketing and operations for the FLIR Defense portfolio and corrected some historical product quality issues. As part of this effort, we also took a much more focused view of the Defense business, aggressively pursuing those opportunities where we have truly differentiated technology. I am pleased to report that the order book and backlog of FLIR, specialty FLIR Defense, significantly inflected during the second quarter. For reference, the commercial business across digital imaging, both DALSA to FLIR grew organically in the second quarter. While FLIR Defense sales declined year-over-year, nearly all of this was lower revenue in unmanned ground systems as we achieved the milestone of shipping our 1,000th man transportable robotic system increment to, to the U.S. Army. Overall, orders at all of FLIR were 1.18x sales and 1.5x sales at FLIR Defense. Large orders not only included the recently announced Black Hornet Nano UAV to the U.S. Military but also additional UAVs for customers in Europe as well as counter UAV systems and missile systems utilizing both FLIR imaging, radar and AI-based software systems. Additionally, more surveillance imaging systems for the U.S. and foreign customers. Having stabilized the business, including achieving stronger backlog, it is not time to focus on execution and additional margin improvement. Thus, the charges announced this morning are for the further reduction in the FLIR operating footprint and related headcount. We are exciting the elimination of 3 lease sites, all of those activities will be relocated to other FLIR Defense facilities, most of which are locates. Today, we are reaffirming our prior 2023 full year sales and non-GAAP earnings outlook, including -- excluding the $10 million to $12 million charges that -- covered. Supply chain challenges have continued to improve and we were once again able to exceed our original second quarter sales and earnings outlook by pulling forward some revenue from the third quarter. On revenue specifically, we continue to see total 2023 growth of approximately 5% or sales of approximately $5.73 billion, with the third quarter being roughly $1.4 billion. We continue to see non-GAAP earnings of $19.10 at the midpoint of our guidance, excluding the charges referenced above. I will now further comment on the performance of the 4 business segments. Second quarter sales, in our Digital Imaging segment, increased 2.3% with greater sales of X-ray products, commercial infrared imaging components and solutions and industrial scientific cameras partially offset by lower sales of unmanned ground systems for Defense applications. GAAP segment operating margin increased 51 basis points to 15.7% and adjusted for reduced the intangible asset amortization non-GAAP segment margin was 28 basis points higher at 21.5%. Turning to our Instrumentation segment. Overall, second quarter sales increased 5.1% versus last year. Sales of Marine instruments increased a healthy 10.5% in the quarter, primarily due to ongoing recovery in offshore energy markets, also greater sales of autonomous underwater vehicles. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems, which include oscilloscopes, digitizers and protocol analyzers, collectively increased 4.9%. We encountered some softness in sales of analyzers for electronic storage and data center application but this was more than offset by [indiscernible] for wireless and video protocols as well as continued strong sales of oscilloscopes. Sales of environmental instruments were flat compared to last year with greater sales of air quality, process gas, safety analyzers offset by drug discovery and laboratory instruments. Overall, instrumentation segment operating profit increased 10.6% in the second quarter, with GAAP operating margin increasing 123 basis points to 24.8% and 80 basis points on a non-GAAP basis, excluding reduced intangible asset amortization to 25.9%. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, second quarter sales increased 10.2%, driven by growth of both Defense Electronics and Commercial Aerospace products. GAAP and non-GAAP segment operating profit increased over 20% with margins approximately 250 basis points greater than last year. In the Engineering Systems segment, second quarter revenue increased 18.5% and operating profit increased 33.7%, representing 112 basis points increase in margin from last year. In conclusion, our short-term, more economically sensitive businesses remained resilient in the second quarter, collectively growing year-over-year, although comparisons for some do become more difficult in the second half. In addition, our longer Cycle Medical, Aerospace, Defense and Marine businesses continued to perform very well. Quarterly operating margin in our Instrumentation segment was an all-time record. Operating margin in our Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment was the second quarter record and just slightly less than the fourth quarter of last year. And now through a combination of sales growth, operating leverage and the more aggressive cost actions mentioned earlier, I fully expect digital imaging margins to grow considerably over time. And now I'm going to turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our third quarter and full year 2023 outlook. In the second quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $190.5 million. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $163.2 million in the second quarter of 2023 compared with $176.1 million in 2022. Capital expenditures were $27.3 million in the second quarter of 2023 compared with $20.8 million in 2022. Depreciation and amortization expense was $80 million for the second quarter of 2023 compared with $82.7 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.99 billion of net debt. That is approximately $3.35 billion of debt less cash of $364.2 million. Stock-based compensation expense was $8.4 million in the second quarter of 2023 compared with $6.4 million in 2022. Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the third quarter of 2023 will be in the range of $3.76 to $3.90 per share, with non-GAAP earnings in the range of $4.70 to $4.80. And for the full year 2023, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $15.60 to $15.88. And on a non-GAAP basis, we are maintaining our prior outlook of $19 to $19.20. Both the third quarter and full year non-GAAP outlook excludes estimated pretax charges for further FLIR integration costs, the 2023 full year estimated tax rate, excluding discrete items, is expected to be 22.3%. I'll now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from the line of Jim Ricchiuti.
Jim Ricchiuti: I wanted to talk a little bit, Robert, if I may, about digital imaging. If we exclude the acquisitions, it looks like your revenues were down year-on-year and sequentially. And some of this may be partly due to what you're seeing at FLIR. But I wonder if you could just expand on what you're seeing in digital imaging just because it's a large category that covers a lot of ground?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, thank you. I think what you're referring to is in the organic growth or decline year-over-year was a little over 1% decline -- 1.5% to be exact. We see several things: First, there are government programs that we have in digital imaging, especially in FLIR, that declined year-over-year. On the other hand, as I mentioned, we had a very successful first half, especially second quarter, in getting orders for products both here and in Europe. So we feel that, that part of the business is stabilized. On the rest of digital imaging, if you look at health care, which is part of our business there, there's been significant expansion in health care and medical. If you look at commercial aero, any parts of digital imaging that deal with, let's say, satellite communication there has been expansion. I think there is some headwind in the commercial part of digital imaging in the Far East but our exposure there is not that high. And we're making that up with new products in -- that includes some of our artificial intelligence capabilities. So we feel comfortable with our commercial aspect of our Digital Imaging. So in summary, I would say that -- there is a little pressure on parts of our digital imaging in the Far East, especially China but this is offset by other products that we manufacture for Europe and the U.S. So I would say machine vision, which is what I'm referring to, is going to be relatively flat, maybe a little down year-over-year. But the other parts of Digital Imaging are going to be healthy. And we feel pretty good about that. So all in all, it's a big part of our portfolio but it's a pretty varied portfolio ranging from space to medical to machine vision for automated semiconductor inspections, flat panel displays, et cetera. So it's like Teledyne is pretty resilient to various economic conditions.
Jim Ricchiuti: And follow-up question, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about -- just an update on the rate at which you may be burning through some of that higher cost component inventory that you had. And just in general, it sounds like supply chain has gotten better and how you're seeing that part of the business?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think you're right. As I mentioned earlier, our supply chain issues have significantly moderated. We're still paying some premiums but perhaps as much as year-to-date, 65% to 70% lower than we did at the first quarter -- second quarter of last year. So that's a positive. But we're still paying some premium and our inventory remained fairly flat between first quarter and second quarter. But as these supply chain issues relax, we're going to reduce our inventory for the remainder of the year. So I feel good about how we've dealt with the supply chain. We really didn't lose a whole lot of revenue because of that.
Jim Ricchiuti: And if I could just slip one more in, apologies but you did talk about some pull-in from Q3. I wonder if you would size that for us.
Robert Mehrabian: I'm going to say approximately $10 million, not a whole lot. But when we have the opportunity and I hope we will have in the future we're going to try and do that. The flip side of that, Jim, is that a lot of our customers have also ordered a lot of inventory anticipating shortages. So -- resistent about letting us ship all the stock that they have ordered before but we're balancing that because, again, our balanced portfolio help us along in all of those directions.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Joe Giordano, representing TD Cowen.
Joe Giordano: I want to continue first on DI. I guess I'd say 90-plus percent of the questions I get from investors are about the margins there. So I mean, I think they -- over the last couple of quarters, they probably come in and the outlook has come in a little bit below what you thought. I know there's some elements, high-margin machine vision, probably market declines there. But can you talk about what's been slightly different than you thought on the margin side? And how should we really think about that business kind of into 2024, like what's realistic for like a baseline margin assumption is?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with second quarter margin. Actually, second quarter Digital Imaging margin is up about 28 basis points. That's a 30 basis points year-over-year. And we think for the year, it might -- it will be probably flat, maybe down about 10 or 15 basis points but relatively flat. I think what -- what's going to happen is that the flare margins are going to increase somewhat and the historic or legacy digital imaging, they're going to decline a little bit. Basically, we think year-over-year, it's going to be flat. We've had, as I mentioned before, we've had a slower revenue and lower revenue in Defense in the first half of the year. But as I mentioned earlier, that's turning around now. So I think that's going to help us for the rest of the year. That's about really all I can say about the margins. I think second quarter year-over-year, we saw an improvement of about 28 to 30 basis points. For the whole year, it might be flat or down maybe 15 basis points but not much. And again, the balanced portfolio is really going to help us. The flip side of it is, if you look at our Aerospace and Defense segment, there second quarter margins increased 247 basis points. And for the year, we're projecting 80 basis points expansion. So sometimes, when we look at Defense, yes, we differentiate Defense -- that's in digital imaging, what I've talked about before. And then -- but we have a whole bunch of Defense programs in our Aerospace and Defense portfolio, which are doing really well. So overall, I think we're, okay.
Joe Giordano: Just one quick clarification. I know the DI margins were up year-on-year but sequentially, they were down on higher revenue. So was there like a mix change going on there? And then I have a quick question on Test & Measurement.
Robert Mehrabian: I don't know. They were down sequentially what, about 20 basis points. I'm not so concerned about that. There's so many moving parts in there that it just balances itself out. That's not something that worries me. That's all I'll say about that. Go ahead with your other area, please.
Joe Giordano: Just curious on -- if you have any color on like the order -- the order intake for things like oscilloscopes versus the revenue delivery now? Like I know the revenue is strong, are orders starting to slow there? I'm just curious like what that revenue trend looks like? Like how much backlog do you have? How fast is that kind of coming out? And is it being replenished at the same pace?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. As you know, on the Test and Measurement, we have 2 distinct product lines. One is oscilloscopes, the other is protocols. And both of those are relatively short-term revenue. So big backlog, which doesn't make a whole lot of difference. Our oscilloscopes revenue in Q2 was outstanding, really good. Our protocol revenue was relatively flat and partially, that's because new protocols are coming out in September and we expect that revenue to pick up. If you look at the whole year, we think that we're going to have something like 3.5% to 4% growth in our oscilloscope and protocol products. We think third and fourth quarter are going to be all right. They may not expand as much as the first quarter but year-over-year, we're going to be fine. In terms of just answering your question on backlog, book-to-bill in that Test and Measurement is very close to 1, it's 0.98. So I would say it's 1. So again, it's not something that concerns me right now.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies.
Greg Konrad: Maybe just one clarification. I mean it seems like you brought down -- you didn't change guidance for the year but brought down digital imaging. You talked about the strength in A&D. Has there been any change to the overall company margin guidance for the year just given it seems like A&D is tracking ahead and instrumentation continues to be maybe slightly above expectations?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I'd say, if you went back to April guidance versus today, probably margin is going down 10 basis points. Again, nothing significant. For the full year, we expect margin to go up about 26 to 30 basis points year-over-year. So overall, it's a -- that's not something that concerns me because as I've mentioned several times, because of our diversity of our products, for example, Instruments margin will go up 80 basis points year-over-year. Aerospace and Defense, similarly, 80 basis points. Even Engineered Systems will go up about 38 to 40 basis points. So a flat digital imaging doesn't change anything at this time.
Greg Konrad: And then, I mean, you talked about FLIR Defense and kind of what you're seeing on the order front and A&D performance top line was really strong in the quarter. I mean, what are you seeing across Teledyne as it relates to Defense? And how are you kind of thinking about runway just given orders and some of the '23 budget money coming through?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. As you mentioned, there has been a change in the budget for a long time. The budgets look healthy but money wasn't coming through and it started to come through more recently. Overall, I would say we are fairly comfortable with our Defense businesses, probably across everything, mid-single and single digits growth year-over-year. We are enjoying actually pretty good margins and orders in our legacy Defense businesses. And as I mentioned, our fleece defense businesses are turning around and had a good book-to-bill in Q2. It's not just the U.S. Defense. If you look at Defense also in NATO countries, that expenditures are increasing and we have a significant amount of sales overseas, in both our Defense as well as Defense, including things like traveling wave tubes for missile defense products in places like South Korea. So it's a pretty healthy environment right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And let's go to the line of Jordan Manosh with BOA [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] Bank of America. So I just had a quick question on the backlog for Defense. Are you guys seeing any specific constraints that could put the deliveries at risk? And also, too, for those wins, should we expect the majority of them to come through for '23 or extend that into the out years?
Robert Mehrabian: Some will come to in '23 and some will come through in -- starting in Q4. For example, let me just give you one example or two. We do have some counter drone products that are going to Europe, probably about $25 million, $26 million. Most of that would come in '23. On the other hand, the Black Hornet 3 that we just announced for the U.S. Army is $94 million, only about 10% of it will come this year, the rest will come in future years. So it's a balance. I think we'll get some of it this year and a lot of it in future years.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Guy Hardwick with Credit Suisse.
Guy Hardwick: Robert, I think you said in your prepared remarks that digital imaging margins should grow considerably over time. Could you a little bit flesh that out a little bit for us, what is over time? And could this mean that digital imaging margins exceed the sort of 24% levels I think that delivered in 2021?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. The answer is, yes. And the reason I say that is the margins in our legacy businesses are already around that and even higher than that. And I think FLIR margins will increase as we -- especially as we take the cost out that I just mentioned. And overall margins for Digital Imaging this year, we're projecting to be 22.3%. So to go to '24, 170 basis point expansion. Yes, we can do that.
Guy Hardwick: I think last quarter, you had pointed out negative mix, lag of price increases, I think, in the Medical business. So was there any other mix effects other than Defense that you talked about in Q2? Is there anything else that we should be aware of, which may have held back margins? Because I think 3 months ago, you did expect sequential improvement and 30 basis points up for the full year?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think in the health care business, things are really good for us. We've had significant expansion, both in our X-ray products, that is our panels as well as components that we put out for X-ray systems. And as I said before, there is some slowdown in China. If you look at China as a whole, they have had some contraction even though you don't hear about it, there has been some contraction there. On the other hand, less than 10% of our portfolio is sold to China. So again, our balanced portfolio helps us. The flip side also is that we've gotten some really good higher-margin products development programs that are helping overall Digital Imaging. Shipments have been a little slower but I think bookings are okay. So again, it's not something that worries me, where we don't have, let's say, a commercial imaging system that somebody would buy in China. On the flip side, we have custom products that we're developing, which are very profitable. Actually, more profitable than commercial. I sit here today and I'm just looking at our portfolio and I wouldn't change it with anybody else's considering all the uncertainty around the world. One area may go down a little bit but we'll pick it up somewhere else. And that's the resilience of our earnings year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter.
Guy Hardwick: Just one last one for me. In Aerospace and Defense Electronics, I think previously, you had mentioned that you benefited from a particularly good mix there. Is that -- presumably, that has continued in Q2 and assume that continues in the second half given your guidance for the margin?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. We think we may have a little lower revenue in the second half. On the other hand, the products that we make in Aerospace go primarily in commercial aircraft. And that market has expanded, as you well know, very close to pre-COVID. Q3, Q4 margins for Aerospace and Defense might be a little lower than Q2 but it will be higher than Q1. So again, I don't see major inflections in that area.
Operator: We'll go the line of Jim Ricchiuti with a follow-up from Needham.
Jim Ricchiuti: You gave us some book-to-bills and I'm just wondering if you could perhaps provide us the book-to-bill in the different segments. I feel like I've got pieces of it.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Jim, in Instruments, our book-to-bill is about 1.05, so over 1, led by our Marine businesses, which are doing really well, both -- in underwater vehicles as well as oil discovery and production. In the Digital Imaging as a whole, the book-to-bill is about 1.07. In Aerospace and Defense, that's a little more =- and Engineered Systems, those are much more lumpy orders. So quarter-over-quarter book-to-bill may change but it's not affecting the revenue that much because we expect both -- revenue in both segments to grow. Overall, across the company, our book-to-bill is about 1.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. And last question for me. Just given the debt pay down, I'm wondering how -- if anything has changed with respect to thinking about acquisitions, including any change in areas that you might be pursuing? And I know you can't be specific but I'm just wondering, just in general, what your appetite is for M&A as you look out over the next several quarters?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, as I mentioned earlier, Jim, we paid on $620 million this year effective today, let's say. That's taken our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio to 2.1%. We have about $60 million of debt left that's variable, which we pay 6%, out of the $3 billion that -- $3 billion plus that Sue mentioned, the rest of our debt is on fixed. So other than that $60 million, our interest payments are 2.1% in future years, which is a very healthy place to be because we haven't really touched our line of credit. So we have a lot of capability to acquisitions. Last year, even as we were paying our debt down, last year, we did 3 bolt-on acquisitions and spent about $160 million. We expect to continue that bolt-on acquisitions. On the flip side is that because if we don't do anything else, if we don't make acquisitions, if we don't -- doing anything, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is going to go less than 1 in about a year and 1.5 years. So we're bullish about acquisitions, including larger ones, if we can find them. And of course, we are continuously looking at that. The last question was, what areas. Right now, I would say in the general instrumentation area is what's very attractive. We have done some digital imaging acquisitions. As you know, we made the ETM acquisition. We made acquisition for our acquisition. But I think it'd be nice if we could find some things in our Instrumentation area.
Operator: And we have no other participants queued up at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. I now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And thanks, Thomas. To give the replay information to the audience, I would appreciate it. And again, all our news releases are available and for those who want to talk to me, please feel free to call me the number in the earnings release. Thanks, everyone. Bye.
Operator: Absolutely. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. To dial in to the replay, it will be available this morning and starting today at or 10 a.m. in the Pacific Time Zone and lasting through August 25 at midnight and you may access the AT&T playback service at any time by dialing, please me get that number for you, goes by dialing 1-800 or excuse me, 866-207-1041. And please enter the access code of 2597973 and that will be available for 1 month through August 25 at midnight. And we thank you for your patience in using the AT&T Event Services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Teledyne First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the call over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Brad, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman. And Id like to welcome everyone to Teledynes first quarter 2023 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; SVP and CFO, Sue Main; SVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik; and also Edwin Roks, Executive VP of Teledyne. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course though, before we get started, please be aware that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks, and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our earnings call. We began 2023 with record first quarter sales, operating margin, non-GAAP earnings and free cash flow. Overall, sales increased 4.7%, with revenue and operating profit growing in every segment. Excluding foreign currency headwinds, which negatively impacted first quarter sales growth by approximately 1.4%, growth in local currency would have been 6.1%. Excluding acquisitions, core growth in local currency would have been approximately 4.2%. GAAP operating margin of 17.5% and non-GAAP operating margin of 21.1% were also first quarter record. First quarter GAAP earnings per share were $3.73 and non-GAAP earnings of $4.53 were also first quarter record. Given record first quarter cash flow, our consolidated leverage ratio declined to 2.3 even after completing the ChartWorld acquisition at the beginning of the quarter. We also repaid $300 million of debt which matured on April 3rd on the first day of the second quarter. Turning to our 2023 full year outlook, we are reaffirming our prior sales and non-GAAP earnings per share outlook. As supply chain challenges improved modestly, we were able to exceed our original first quarter sales and earnings outlook by pulling forward some revenue from the second quarter. Consequently, by maintaining the full year guidance, we have also modestly derisked the quarterly sequential revenue and earnings slopes. While our short-cycle businesses are more economically sensitive, they were resilient in the first quarter. We are now a little more cautious. On the other hand, we are more positive in our longer-cycle medical, aerospace, defense and marine businesses. On revenue, specifically we will continue to see total 2023 growth of approximately 5% or sales of approximately $5.73 billion with the second quarter being roughly $1.4 billion. Regarding margins, our earnings outlook now implies approximately 40 basis points of margin improvement for the full year 2023. Currently, we think the Instrumentation segment will be above average contributor to this, while margins in the other segments may increase more modestly. I will now further comment on the performance of our four business segments. Our Digital Imaging segment was founded on our first acquisition in 2006 of Teledyne Scientific, our research laboratories, and Imaging, which provides high-end infrared sensors for space and astronomy. Since then, this segment has grown organically and through acquisitions such as DALSA, e2v, Scientific Cameras, FLIR and most recently ETM and ChartWorld to contribute almost 56% of Teledynes revenue today. First quarter sales in this segment increased 4.7% on a constant currency basis with foreign currency translation contributing negative 1.8%. Sales increased year-over-year for industrial and scientific vision systems, as well as for our low-dose high-resolution digital X-ray detectors. But were offset by lower sales of unmanned ground systems for defense applications. Our product families increased or decreased more modestly with higher sales of surveillance, unmanned air systems and especially -- specialty semiconductor devices, offset by some lower sales of certain commercial infrared imaging and marines products. GAAP segment operating margin increased 40 basis-points to 15.8% and adjusted for a reduced intangible asset amortization, non-GAAP margin decreased 13 basis points and it was lower at 21.75%. Turning to our Instrumentation segment, it is comprised of marine, test and measurement and environmental instruments, and contributes about 24% to Teledynes revenue. Overall, first quarter sales increased 8% versus last years with sales growing in all fields noted above. Sales of marine instruments increased a healthy 14.6% in the quarter, primarily due to strong marine defense sales, especially autonomous underwater vehicles, as well as ongoing recovery in offshore energy markets. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems, which includes oscilloscopes, digitizes and protocol analyzers collectively increased 5.3% year-over-year despite a tough comparison with the first quarter of last year. Some softness in sales of analyzers and electronic storage and high speed networking applications was more than offset by devices for wireless and video protocols, as well as very strong sales of oscilloscopes and related accessories. Sales of environmental instruments increased 3.4% compared with last year, with greater sales of air quality, process gas and safety analyzers, partially offset by drug discovery and laboratory instruments. The other two segments of Teledyne are Aerospace and Defense Electronics and Engineered Systems that together contributes 20% of Teledynes revenue. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, first quarter sales increased 4.2%, driven by growth of both defense and commercial aerospace products. GAAP and non-GAAP segment operating profit increased approximately 9.6%, with margins 132 basis points greater than last year. In the Engineered Systems segment, first quarter revenue increased 9.1% and operating profit increased 6.4%, resulting in a modest 25 basis points decline in margin from last year. Finally, first, because of our unwavering focus on improving on all aspects of Teledynes operations, and second, prudent capital allocation, and third, the broad geographic and end markets that we serve from short-cycle to long-cycle commercial to defense, I am optimistic that Teledyne will successfully navigate through todays uncertain economic times as we have consistently done so in the past. Our record also shows that we have successfully dealt with multiple economic turmoils and during the ensuing recoveries have been able to acquire complementary enterprises for compounded growth. I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our second quarter and full year 2023 outlook. In the first quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $203 million and primarily reflected higher accounts receivable collections compared with the first quarter of 2022. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $178.6 million in the first quarter of 2023, compared with adjusted free cash flow of $58.7 million in 2022. The 2022 adjusted value excluded by $296.4 million payment to the Swedish Tax Authority related to a FLIR pre-acquisition tax reassessment. Capital expenditures were $24.4 million in the first quarter of 2023, compared with $21 million in 2022. Depreciation and amortization expense was $82.1 million for the first quarter of 2023, compared with $86.9 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.16 billion of net debt that is approximately $3.82 billion of debt less cash of $665.2 million. Stock-based compensation expense was $7.9 million in the first quarter of 2023, compared with $9 million in 2022. Turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2023 will be in the range of $3.76 per share to $3.88 per share with non-GAAP earnings in the range of $4.56 to $4.66. And for the full year 2023, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $15.80 to $16.05. And on a non-GAAP basis, we are maintaining our prior outlook of $19 to $19.20. The 2023 full year estimated tax rate excluding discrete items is expected to be 23%. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Brad, if you are ready to proceed with the question-and-answers, please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We can first go to Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Robert, I am wondering if you could talk a little bit about the shorter-cycle areas of the Instrumentation business. I think you gave some color about the Digital Imaging short-cycle business, but if you look at Instrumentation, any changes that you are seeing in that shorter-cycle business?
Robert Mehrabian: Not much. There is a little bit of -- in one of our businesses, like, which is our test and measurement, we make a protocol solutions -- provide protocol solutions to the electronics industry. There we have some new product protocols coming out. So people are little waiting for the new ones and maybe not buying the old loans. Other than that, where the book-to-bill is almost 1, oscilloscopes are doing well and in the T&Ms we feel alright. On the environmental, the only thing that there is a little softness that we are experiencing in the pharmaceutical market, where we supply a whole range of products. There -- but we are making that up by some of our air quality and other products that are doing well in this environment. So, overall, I think, we are doing okay.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. Since you were good enough to give us a book-to-bill, which I think was for the entire Instrumentation business. I am wondering if you could provide some book-to-bill color on Digital Imaging and the Aerospace and Defense and maybe the company as a whole? Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Jim on the Instrumentation, if you put marine in, which we didnt talk about. Marine has got a book-to-bill of 1.12. So, its very healthy. So because of that, it pulls Instrumentation as a whole above 1 to 1.04. Going to Digital Imaging, book-to-bill is less than 1, not substantially, but less than 1, primarily I think, because of some of the ground-based defense systems that we have which is about a little over 0.9. But having said that, we have some really large orders coming and we have also post-quarter had a large order for our Black Hornet, small air UAVs. When we had right after the quarter, as an example, we had $94 million award for those, and by the way, those are also in high demand in the Ukraine conflict. So, overall, I am encouraged with whats happening in Digital Imaging. There has been a little lag in the defense part, but thats coming up as the backlog is filling in and its -- we have better orders this quarter, first quarter than we did last year. And then on the AD&E side, I think, book-to-bill is 1.05. Engineered Systems is close to 1, but thats lumpy. So, I think, we are going to be fine there. Overall for the company, Id say when you add all those numbers up, its slightly less than 1, maybe 0.96, 0.97, but thats not a great concern at this time. We are just being cautious as we always are, because of the uncertain times that everybody is facing. Other than that, I feel pretty good about our portfolio and its resilience.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. And just final question if I may, just in light of that -- the some of the uncertainty thats out there. I think you have talked about M&A. Should we still think mainly about M&A this year is more tuck-in related and then potentially as we come out of this, there might be some opportunities for larger deals in 2024. Is that better way to think about M&A, again without being specific which I know you cant be?
Robert Mehrabian: No. I understand, Jim. I think thats a good analysis. There might -- we are obviously chasing some, what we call, string of pearls M&As. We -- its possible that we might end up with something more mid-size near the end of the year, but definitely with our balance sheet. We have right now -- we have drawn down on our line of credit, which is about 1.15 billion. We have only drawn down $25 million and its sitting there. We have paid all of our debt thats coming due. We dont have any debt payments until 2024. And we have a lot of capacity for to do larger deals, as opportunity comes, and of course, we are looking at things. But you are right, larger deals take time and it would probably be more like early 2024 or sometime in 2024.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. Thanks very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: And next we can go to Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Konrad: Maybe just to revisit Digital Imaging, is there any way to kind of decompose the organic growth, just given your short-cycle commentary, when you think about health care, machine vision, space and maybe the legacy FLIR business, just kind of what trends you are seeing and you mentioned being more cautious on short-cycle, like, how are you thinking about Digital Imaging for the year?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, first, lets start with Q1. Organic -- and lets also do what you suggested, which is stay with the first, what we would call our historical Digital Imaging, which is DALSA, e2v and associated companies. There we had a healthy organic growth in Q1 of 6.2%, healthcare grew 9.2% and MEMS grew 8.8%. So, overall, we are very happy with that and some of those like smaller cycle vision systems had a healthy growth rate there. On the FLIR side of the equation, which would be the newer digital imaging, we had both positives or negatives. Overall, we had a contraction of about 4.8%. But that was primarily driven by our unmanned systems and primarily in the unmanned drone vehicle systems. As I said, after the quarter, we have had some very healthy awards in our UAVs, which are unmanned air vehicles. Surveillance declined and was plus 5%. Tomography was down a little bit -- a little under 4%, but uncooled and cooled cores, which are infrared cores, they were up 3%. And industrial vision system was up almost 19% -- over 19%. So it was a mixed bag. The drag down for that business was primarily in the defense and primarily on ground -- on unmanned ground systems. Now we had a little softness in tomography and maritime, which is our marine -- Raymarine businesses. But, overall, I think, we were okay. We just have to fill out the backlog for our unmanned vehicles, ground vehicles and we will be fine.
Greg Konrad: And this might just be miss-modeling on my part, but I mean margin seemed a little late in Digital Imaging in the quarter. Can you maybe talk about price-mix going forward and how you are expecting margins to trend for the year, given your commentary? I think, you still expect them to be up, just a lesser degree than the total 40 for the company?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, right now what Id say is, I expect the margins to be up about 30 basis points for the year, lets start with the year and this is the overall Digital Imaging margin. So that would be pushed out on one side. I think, in Q2, we will improve sequentially on our margins and we should be fine and we are also going to take some price actions to make sure that we get there. On the overall for the company, we think the margins now would increase 40 basis points for the year and if we can have better price increases going forward, we should improve on that. So when I look at it, Id say, look in our instruments businesses, we are going to have margin improvement for the year of almost 80 basis points, Digital Imaging about 30 basis points, Aerospace and Defense is so healthy that I will be happy to just keep our 27.1% operating margin. Engineered Systems will probably increase in 50 basis points, and overall, the segments 40 basis points and the company about 40 basis points. That -- I hope that helps you.
Greg Konrad: That was perfect. I will leave it to you. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: And next we have Elizabeth Grenfell with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Hi. Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Could you give us -- could you give us some color on defense on a consolidated basis for the quarter and then what your expectations are for defense growth on a consolidated basis for the year? Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Sure. I think, overall, in Q1, defense was flat year-over-year and we think for the year, it will be probably low-to-mid single-digit growth in our defense businesses. The primary reason, again, I am saying the U.S. Government programs were flat, primarily driven, as I said, but the on ground vehicles -- unmanned ground vehicles. We think for the year we are probably growing in the mid-single-digits in our defense.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Great. Thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure your excellence.
Operator: And next we will go to Joe Giordano with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Giordano: You talked about pulling forward some revenue from 2Q into 1Q. Can you give some detail there as to like where it was and what that means for that business from here?
Robert Mehrabian: I think, basically, we have pulled in about $10 million and most of that was in Instruments, most of that was in our marine businesses. We shipped more underwater vehicles in Q1 that we had anticipated. We have some really good orders -- we actually have good orders for Q2 also. So thats -- that was just to ensure that we hit what we expected to. And also, as I said, that was affected by the fact that we are having improvements in our supply chain. We are seeing improvement, significant improvement and I expect that to continue the rest of the year based on what we are seeing and based on what the Chief of our Procurement is doing with various companies. So thats why we pulled it forward, we felt we could and did.
Joe Giordano: No. That makes sense. Now when I think about the full year guide, I mean, so you come in, its clearly at the high end of your guide here. You are guiding the second quarter high end is basically in line with consensus. You guys tend to be -- you are holding the full year, understanding that the macro is uncertain, like, are you trying to give the impression that the second half is weaker than you thought three months ago or are you kind of like derisking that full year guide, like, how should we think about the -- what the -- between the lines there?
Robert Mehrabian: Between the lines, I dont think its going to be weaker, except that something terrible happens. Its -- I feel good about, look, as you know, we are always more conservative. I can go out and say we are going to make a lot more in our earnings per share and we probably could. On the other hand, with the uncertain environment that we are facing, with semiconductors being down, everybody is projecting semiconductors will recover in 2024, not this year, both equipment and supply. We grow -- we -- which obviously we serve those markets. I am being cautious as we always are. But I dont think the second -- right now I dont think the second half is going to be weaker. I think its going to be actually stronger. If you look at earnings per share, they have to improve in the second half of the year for us to make the $19.10 that we projected or $19.20, if you want to take the high-end.
Joe Giordano: Yeah. Okay. Two more quick ones from me. You started off the year, free cash flow is pretty high, like what are your expectations for the year now, does that go up, higher than what you thought before? And then just curious on the supply chain improvement and the lack of having to pay as much gray market, like, how much benefit is that -- of that 40 bps, like, how much you are getting from there and where is it getting offset from in other elements of costs? Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with the free cash flow. We are going to beat last years free cash flow by a couple of $100 million, lets just say, $850 million is our current estimate. I hope we can do better than that and we have just continued deleveraging the company, get ready for -- when all of this is uncertainty is behind us and use our capability and ability to buy things that have not there, perhaps, done as well in this environment. Coming back to the supply chain, we have seen improvement in Q1. Last year, in Q1, we -- our brokerage, we bought about $23 million of goods from brokerage and that does repay 70% premium lets say. This year first quarter, its the same type of thing, cost us about half as much as that and so thats a savings, obviously. But more importantly, if you look at revenue thats being affected by the shortages. That is improving, which is much more comforting to me, because it makes our revenue projections a little more predictable, because we dont have -- we are not missing a lot of revenue, because we dont have parts. So there is improvement in the supply chain. We are seeing that. There is improvement in the premium that we are paying and also the fact that we are not going to miss as much revenue, because we can ship products, because they are sitting on the shelf, waiting for one or two parts. Thats it.
Joe Giordano: Thanks very much.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: And next we have got Guy Hardwick with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Guy Hardwick: Hi. Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Guy.
Guy Hardwick: I think the previous -- good morning, all. I think the previous guidance for at Group level was a 50 basis points improvement in the adjusted margin, so you are now guiding to 40s. So what are the kind of the main parts of the change and is it bias towards Digital Imaging?
Robert Mehrabian: Actually, what we have is a mixture. January, you are perfectly correct. We guided 50 basis points and now we are guiding 40 basis points. We are taking some guidance down in Instrumentation from January to today. We had over 100 basis points, we are closer to 80 basis points. Digital imaging, we are taking down about 10 basis points, all in. Aerospace and Defense, we are actually guiding -- we are guiding flat and we had it going down and so thats good. And then in Engineered Systems, we have a moderate up, which are smaller business, but we still have a moderate 45 basis points or so up. So, overall, I think, we will be up 40 basis points. Again, we hope to do better than that and the way to do better than that is if we can stick some more price increases in our portfolio, because inflation is moderating. Nevertheless, our wages are going up 4.5% to 5%. Our purchasing of direct and indirect goods is going up with inflation and so we have to catch-up a little more with price increases to make-up for those in order to keep or be able to increase our margins. Thats the kind of uncertain part. How much can we gain from price increases? First quarter, we were okay. We made up what we paid out and we are a little positive actually. So, rest of the year, can we keep that pace of reasonable price increases to make up for inflation in both goods, as well as wages.
Guy Hardwick: And is the intention to be price/cost neutral or do a little bit better than that and then on the second...
Robert Mehrabian: Id like to do better than that. Id like to do better than that. For sure.
Guy Hardwick: Okay.
Robert Mehrabian: Last year
Guy Hardwick: All right.
Robert Mehrabian:  we were negatively by 60 basis points. This year I hope to be positive.
Guy Hardwick: And just to follow-up on the broker purchase, I believe that you said that it was $70 million incremental last year. What does your guidance imply in terms of lowering that $70 million in 2023?
Robert Mehrabian: Its hard to tell at this point, but if I were to take the first quarter and project it out, Id say half.
Guy Hardwick: So potentially $35 million
Robert Mehrabian: So it will
Guy Hardwick:  $30 million to $40 million lower.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. $35 million.
Guy Hardwick: $35 million lower broker purchases.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Yeah.
Guy Hardwick: Broker, okay.
Robert Mehrabian: Approximately.
Guy Hardwick: Okay.
Robert Mehrabian: Again, thats a moving target. So, so far, we have been successful. As the semiconductor industry has gone down, as you can expect, the parts that were in shortage, some of them have become available. Some of them are at the harder parts to get. The FPGAs, et cetera are still harder to get. So its a mixture. But things are improving, which makes me feel positive.
Guy Hardwick: And just one final one for me, is there any sort of mix effect either positive or negative in Digital Imaging in terms of the margin?
Robert Mehrabian: No. I dont believe so.
Guy Hardwick: Okay. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go now to Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Kristine.
Kristine Liwag: Robert, on the supply chain, just want to follow-up on the premiums paid to brokers for component sourcing. So you have talked about how thats declined. And is that because traditional sources have reopened and therefore you are now sourcing less parts from these brokers or are you seeing more availability of parts and theres not as much of a scarcity and therefore their premiums have declined? Can you provide more color on whats driving the dynamic there?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. The big picture is that we are able to buy more from the OEMs than from brokers. We obviously prefer to buy from OEMs, because the prices are stable or it might be price increases versus last year. But brokers, you -- there you end up paying premiums of 70% to them. So thats the big picture. And the availability is improving, its very interesting just anecdotally, there have been a few brokers that have called us asking us if we want some of their parts. Last year, we were out there begging for parts, and obviously, if that were to happen, I look at that as they have some obsolete or some excess supply and we are buying, but we buy them at a discount to what we paid to the OEMs. So the market is improving. I like that.
Kristine Liwag: Great. And then, Rob, you mentioned that you anticipate that you can pass on whatever inflation costs that you have into pricing. So that should be a net positive for you. But can you talk about the demand environment? Whats been the customer sensitivity to pricing and right now, if you look at the financial markets, we have had two regional bank failures last month and there is more uncertainty today. Is that macro environment affecting your customers decision for capital purchases or to have some sort of pricing sensitivity?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. The answer to it is, yes. On the other hand, because we are in such a diverse market, if you look at some of our longer-cycle businesses, as I mentioned, like marine with energy dependent. Some of our defense businesses or others, they are not as price sensitive to whats happening in the financial market. Some of our shorter-cycle businesses, yes, we have to be careful that we dont increase prices and lose to the competition, lose market share to the competition. But in some areas, like healthcare, where we make X-ray panels that are very high resolution, very low dosage, there we have pricing power and so its a mixture. Overall, when I say uncertainty, about economic uncertainty, I am speaking exactly to what you pointed out, some of the uncertainty in the financial market thats shipping out into other markets as well.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you for the color. And if I could sneak a last one in, when you look at your overall portfolio, what percent of it would you say, you have more pricing power versus what percent would have more pricing sensitivity?
Robert Mehrabian: I think about 40% of our portfolio, we have more pricing power and 60% is more sensitive, because the 60% in some ways, it depends on the global macro environment. As you may know, the way our portfolio has evolved, today we sell about 22% to the government, 28% U.S. commercial and 50% commercial and defense outside the U.S. So the macro -- global macro environment is what we are more sensitive to a 40% not so.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: And currently we have no further questions in queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Brad. I appreciate that. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert, and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Of course, if you have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release or e-mail me for those who have my contact information. Brad, if you could give the replay information, we would greatly appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the conference will be available for replay after 10 oclock today and running through May 26th at midnight. You can access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering the access code 8989973. International parties may dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers again 1-866-207-1041, international parties 402-970-0847, with the access code 8989973. That does conclude our call for today. Thanks for participation and for using AT&A Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-25 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Teledyne Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for your questions and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, it's my pleasure to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman of Teledyne, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. Also joining today is Edwin Roks, EVP of Teledyne. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course though, before we get started, attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various, risks, assumptions and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, and thank you for joining our earnings call. 2022 ended up being an excellent year. We concluded it with all-time record quarterly and full year sales and earnings per share. During 2022, Teledyne, as with many other companies, found itself faced with external forces beyond our control. These were inflation, strong dollar and part shortages. Nevertheless, with continued -- we continued our long history of navigating difficult market environment and we ultimately delivered earnings in excess of our own expectations. Excluding foreign currency headwinds, which negatively impacted fourth quarter sales growth by approximately 2.6%, growth in local currency would have been 5.7%. Excluding ETM acquisition, core growth in local currency would have been approximately 5%. GAAP operating margin of 19.3% was an all-time record and non-GAAP operating margin of 22.4% increased 95 basis points from last year. GAAP and non-GAAP earnings of $4.74 and $4.94, respectively, were also records for Teledyne. Fourth quarter free cash flow was reasonably healthy, but included interest payments of approximately $30 million, which last year were made in the third quarter of 2021. While we completed the acquisition of ETM, our leverage ratio continued to decline from 3.8 times in May of 2021 when we acquired FLIR to 2.4 times at the end of 2022. Finally, our acquisition pipeline remains healthy as evidenced by the recent addition of ChartWorld, whose maritime navigation software and hardware tools bridge a product and technology gap between our Teledyne Marine and Raymarine businesses. Turning to our 2023 full year outlook. While still very early in 2023 and with many unknowns, including projections of a recession, we're inclined to offer an initial revenue and earnings outlook in line with consensus expectations. On revenue, we see total 2023 sales growth of approximately 5%, including incremental sales from recent bolt-on acquisitions. For our backlog-driven long-cycle businesses, we expect growth to be higher than average. For the majority of our short-cycle commercial businesses, foreign currency headwinds will impact the first quarter of 2023 where comparisons are tough and economic uncertainty and export regulations remain fluid. We continue to see overall growth, not contraction in these businesses, but expect that growth will be less than the total company average. On the other hand, supply chain constraints are improving, albeit modestly. There are a few minors other non puts and takes such as increased scope on our NASA contract at Engineered Systems equally offset by the 2022 completion of our OneWeb contract in the Aerospace and Electronics segments, but no other significant items to highlight this early in the year. Our earnings outlook approximately 50 basis points of margin improvement in 2023 and we currently think instrumentation and digital imaging will be above-average contributors to this, while margins at Aerospace and Defense Electronics may be flat or declined slightly, given especially tough comps as a greater mix in 2023 of Defense Electronics relative to commercial aerospace aftermarket sales. I will now further comment on the performance of our four segments. In our Digital Imaging segment, fourth quarter sales were relatively flat despite currency translation headwind of approximately 3.5%. Sales increased year-over-year for our industrial and scientific vision systems, as well as our low-dose high-resolution digital x-ray detectors. Sales of commercial infrared imaging cameras and components also increased and were at record levels since closing the FLIR acquisition in May of 2021. While total FLIR-related sales increased sequentially from the third quarter, sales of some surveillance and unmanned ground systems declined from last year on especially tough comparison. On the other hand, sales of unmanned air systems increased considerably year-over-year. GAAP segment operating margin was 18.8% and adjusted for intangible asset amortization only, segment margin was 23.8%, approximately 50 basis points greater than the fourth quarter of last year. In our Instrumentation segment, overall fourth quarter sales increased 7.9% versus last year, despite approximately 2.4% of FX translation headwind. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems, which include oscilloscopes, digitizers and protocol analyzers increased 3.8% year-over-year despite a tough comparison with the fourth quarter of last year's. Sales of motor oscilloscopes and protocol analyzers remained healthy with continued strength in products for industry standards such as peripheral component, Interconnect Express or PCI Express and Universal Serial Bus or USB. Sales of environmental instruments increased 9%, compared with last year with greater sales of both drug discovery and laboratory instruments, as well as air monitoring and process gas analyzers. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 9.8% in the quarter, primarily due to a strong marine defense sales and the ongoing recovery in offshore energy markets. Overall, Instrumentation segment operating profit increased 18.4% in the fourth quarter with GAAP operating margin increasing 215 basis points to 24.2% and 162 basis points on a non-GAAP basis excluding intangible asset amortization, which brought the non-GAAP margins to 25.3%. In Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, fourth quarter sales increased 8.9%, driven by broad-based growth of both defense and commercial aerospace products. GAAP and non-GAAP segment operating profit increased approximately 30% with margins over 480 basis points greater than last year. In the Engineered Systems segment, Fourth quarter revenue increased 6.7%, but operating profit declined given lower margins for some of our electronic manufacturing service products. Before I turn the call over to Sue, I want to make a couple of concluding remarks. First, I was very pleased that Teledyne was able to overcome issues faced by most companies in 2022. Despite the macroeconomic and supply chain challenges noted earlier, our results exceeded the top end of our earnings outlook issued at any point during the year. While difficult to predict outcomes in 2023, we are reasonably confident that a number of our long-cycle businesses serving defense, medical, energy and aerospace markets will grow. While demand is more difficult to predict in our short-cycle instrumentation and imaging businesses, supply chain constraints and the previous premiums for gray market electronic components have begun to ease modestly. Given the strength of our balanced business portfolio and our management's long history of navigating challenging markets, I am optimistic that Teledyne will continue on its successful path in 2023. I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Susan Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our first quarter and full year 2023 outlook. In the fourth quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $237.7 million, compared with cash flow of $295.6 million for the same period of 2021. The fourth quarter of 2022 reflected greater interest payments due to the timing of fixed rate bond interest and increased inventory purchases, compared with the fourth quarter of 2021. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $203.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared with $261.6 million in 2021. Capital expenditures were $34.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared with $34 million in 2021. Depreciation and amortization expense was $81.8 million for the fourth quarter of 2022, compared with $86.2 million. In addition, non-cash inventory step-up expense for the fourth quarter of 2021 was $47.8 million with no comparable amount recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.28 billion of net debt, that is approximately $3.92 billion of debt less cash of $638.1 million. Our stock option compensation expense was $6.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared with $6.4 million in 2021. Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the first quarter of 2023 will be in the range of $3.57 to $3.69 per share with non-GAAP earnings in the range of $4.37 to $4.47 and for the full year 2023, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $15.80 to $16.10 and on a non-GAAP basis, $19 to $19.20. The 2023 full year estimated tax rate, excluding discrete items is expected to be 23%. I will now pass the call to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll begin today with a question from Greg Konrad representing Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Konrad: Good quarter. And then, I mean, maybe just to start, given your commentary around supply chain and long cycle outperforming in 2023, can you maybe just update us on your expectations for defense across the businesses? I mean, it seems like peers have called out somewhat underperformance on supply chain this year. What are you seeing just in terms of the supply side and also in terms of demand?
A - Robert Mehrabian: Frankly, we think defense, while the growth was relatively modest in 2022 was 2% to 3%, that's our generally our U.S. government businesses. We think in 2023, it'll be about 5% organic growth. So we are relatively optimistic. And then
Greg Konrad: And then, I mean, I was pleasantly surprised with just margins in the commentary. I mean, some of them seem very outside across the segment. Just in terms of your margin commentary for this year, what are some of the assumptions around price and inflation, add backs and just looking at that Q4 outperformance, anything unusual in that just let me think about the opportunities for 2023.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think basically in 2022, we hit just about every cylinder at the end of the quarter, especially the last month, month-and-a-half that we stand out very favorably. Of 2023, we think Q1 is going to be softer just like we had in 2022. Mostly, we have some headwinds from FX in the first quarter. We think there will be a decline in our revenue, maybe as much as 10%, but we don't know. It's too early. Maybe 1% of headwind, maybe 1% of revenue decline, I would say that. On the other hand, I think, we will pick up in Q2, Q3, Q4, just like we did this year. Right now, early in the year, the first two weeks, we had some slower orders in some of our short-cycle businesses, but the last two weeks they seem to be picking up. So overall, Greg, I am optimistic about 2023 altogether.
Greg Konrad: And then, maybe just sneaking one last one in. I mean, how are you thinking about free cash flow in 2023, just given top line growth, margin expansion and any working capital needs? I mean, in the past, you talked about a target, how are you thinking about 2023 in terms of free cash flow?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think just pausing for a second because this would be asked. In 2022, we were a little short on cash. Well, a little $200 million, to be exact, and we think that's not going to happen in 2023. We think our cash in 2023 is going to be higher, approximately $900 million in cash, whereas in 2022, we really have to be very careful. We build a little more inventory than we wanted to primarily because of the shortages. We fell about $30 million short on revenue in the fourth quarter because of shortages. Also in 2022, there was that lack of R&D deductibility, which everybody has referred to, that costs us about $40 million. And we had about $60 million of more cash taxes, which brings us to just $400 million [ph]. We don't think that's going to repeat itself in 2023. So, we're optimistic.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we're going to go to the line of Elizabeth Grenfell, representing Bank of America. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Just a couple of questions. One, in the 5% revenue growth guidance, could you just break out what is price and what is volume in that?
Robert Mehrabian: I think its a little too early to do both, but Ill tell you thats about 3.5% of organic growth and then 1.5% from our acquisitions that we made including the most recent one that we announced. If you look at projections from GDP and inflation at the current time, I am one of those people that doesnt really believe in these projections at this point. But the projections are that pre-GDP in the U.S. will only grow 1.4% in 2023 and inflation will drop to about 2.7%, overall developed markets probably GDP will grow 1.1%. That's where the projections are maybe a little higher in inflation. But Elizabeth, it's a little too early for me. I don't think the economies know either. So, I'll just say that we expect to have an organic growth of 3.5% at this time. If things move like they did in 2022, hopefully, we'll increase that and of course, we'll make more acquisitions, too.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Okay. And then, can you give us a little more detail on your outlook by segment and where you see the most opportunity for upside?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. First, I think in the instrumentation, which includes marine, environmental and test and measurement, we expect growth to be about 5% or average of the company. Of course, that doesn't have acquisitions in it. In the Digital Imaging segment as a whole, we again expect a 5% growth, maybe 5.1%; aerospace and defense, maybe 4%; and Engineered Systems, maybe a little over 5%. Part of the reason for aerospace and defense being a little less than the average, last year, we had that OneWeb program that we ended successfully, which contributed about $20 million in revenue. On the other hand, in Engineered Systems, we think we'll be a little above the average, because we won that very successfully won the NASA MOSSI contract, which adds about $20 million. So, that's - at this point, that's all I can say about that.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Elizabeth.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, thank you. So is it the short-cycle commercial business where if you looked at 2023, Robert, where there might be some upside or are there some parts of the long-cycle business that could drive the upside versus the 5% that you are talking about for the company as a whole?
Robert Mehrabian: I think if I broke it down, the marine businesses have a little longer look at them. We think marine as a whole also because the energy -- offshore energy markets are improving and our projections for that are over 7%, maybe as much as 7.5% in marine. And in the short-cycle businesses, which is environmental and test and measurement, we think that will be about 3.5% together. We think that I have already talked about some of the others. In digital imaging, where we did have a really good year and a really good fourth quarter which was in DALSA and e2v. We think we are going to be relatively flat organically, but we made some acquisitions, so that should give us about with the acquisitions maybe 3.8%. We think FLIR would do better last next year, maybe a little over 5%, 6%. So -- and the -- it's built between defense and aerospace, defense is longer cycle than aerospace. If you discount the $20 million that we don't have in web, we think defense will grow some, Aerospace may be flat, more short cycle and I've already talked about Engineered Systems and the MOSSO, which we won which are longer-cycle businesses. We feel comfortable there.
Jim Ricchiuti: So, Robert, it sounds like you are relatively positive on constructive on what you are seeing out in the market. If I look at your commercial businesses, you alluded to some variability in bookings trends in some parts of the business and maybe you can provide a little bit more color on that. But is there anything that you are seeing in the commercial areas, whether it's test and measurement or machine vision that might be consistent with a slowing economy?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, a little bit. I think you hit it on the head. Just a sliver, I'd say in -- if you look at Marine, our book-to-bill in the fourth quarter was 1.15. That's why I said it's longer cycle, we feel good about it. We're just going to specifically what you said, environmental and test and measurement, while for the whole year, our book-to-bill is about 1 in the fourth quarter, it dropped down to 0.96. To me, that's a sliver lower. So we are a little cautious about that. So DALSA, e2v dropped even further a little bit and I think FLIR would be okay, but some of our vision systems and scientific cameras, we just hit it out of the park in the fourth quarter and we think we're a little cautious about predicting. On the other side, I mean, just to cut to the chase, the other side is that it's very early. Everybody is predicting one thing or another. All we're doing is we are kind of hunker down and we are going to do what we always do. If we have to cut, we have cut and if we have to hire, well hire and well do what we have to do to make our numbers.
Jim Ricchiuti: Was the book-to-bill, last question, was the book-to-bill around 1 for the company as a whole?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, just under 1, about 0.96, 0.97, but that has Engineered Systems in it, which was 0.9%, but that's but it's very lumpy. For the year, Engineered System was 1.12, which is a long-cycle business. For the year, the company was closer to 1.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. Thanks very much.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hey guys. How are you?
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Joe. Very well.
Joe Giordano: I've been hearing more people talk about risks, what may be in the second half of the year from prices actually going down just given some of the deflationary characteristics you're seeing in prices paid and things like that. Is that something that you're seeing, like how do you think about price and your ability to continue to raise or is it more about supporting where they are now?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, in 2022, we added, Joe, we added about 4% in pricing. And then, if you hold against that, what we ended up spending, we had wages go up 4.5, overall buying stuff about $2.5 billion of direct and indirect materials, that went up overall, about 6.7%. Of course, that's on the cost of goods sold. I am only saying this because I want to put this in perspective. So, we increased prices across the board, 4%. Our materials inflation was 3.7% negative. Our wages were 1% negative to sales. So when you add those two, sales, materials inflation was and wage inflation was 4.7% negative. We increased prices 4%. So, net-net, we suffered about 60 basis points of determent between the two. Now, going forward, we expect to increase prices. How much? It's difficult to predict because as you said, some people are talking about decreasing prices in the second half. But we have to increase prices somewhat because we are going to have more inflation that we inherited and we are going to have to -- we are giving our employees about 4% raises across the board. So, to make up for that we have to increase prices somewhat. It depends on how the market behaves itself. We are right now saying our overall margins are going to improve 50 basis points versus last year and that's pretty good. So, we'll have less broker premiums. Last year, we paid $90 million excess fees to our brokers for parts. We think in 2023, that will maybe be half. So, I mean, it's a long answer to a short question. There is a lot of unknowns, but I feel we'll maintain our crisis and maybe increase on that level.
Joseph Giordano: If I think about your -- the bottom-end of your guide, I mean it's a pretty narrow guide, but if I think about the bottom-end of that guide, how protected do you think you are if there is like, what kind of recessionary outlook does that have? If we do -- some of these macro indicators are pretty bad. If we do go into a recession, do you feel like you have coverage there at the bottom-end of the guide and like which businesses? Like do you -- are you anticipating declines at certain businesses at the bottom-end?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, the longer cycle businesses are less cyclical which would be our government defense about 25%, medical, scientific, energy, aerospace in overall, which constitutes about 40% of our portfolio, I dont think those are going to be affected. On the flip side, the short cycle businesses will constitute 60% of our overall portfolio. If the world macroeconomic really suffers, obviously, we are going to have to take some hits. As you said, we have a very narrow range that we came out with, primarily because we're not sure what's going to happen. We could have probably had a larger range, but coming out of 2020 as strongly as we did, we feel okay about that.
Joseph Giordano: Just the last one for me. Have you internally started adding things like, have you started to be a little bit more judicious on expenses and travel and things like that in anticipation of things weakening? Or is that you'll adjust as necessary?
Robert Mehrabian: Oh no, that's a mode of our operation. It's something we do day in and day out regardless of what the macroeconomics are. We control everything. We controlled expenses in travel, we eliminate square footage of our manufacturing facilities. Everything we do we're vigilant and that's the only way we made it through 2022 as well as we did and we're going to continue that.
Joseph Giordano: Thanks, guys.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And well go to the line of Guy Hardwick representing Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Guy Hardwick: Hi, good morning. So it's been about 20 months since Teledyne closed on FLIR. Can you give us a bit of insight as to how to combine the portfolios is progressing, whether there is any -- if we've seen some revenue benefits from combining the two technology platforms? I mean in the past, you've done the same with DALSA and e2v. I'm just wondering if there is any comparable success stories or potential success stories to come from that?
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Guy. Good question. The answer is yes. We have some new products. We are -- we have some new markets, especially in machine vision and for example, also mapping or FLIR has this Raymarine business and we've had this geospatial business, where we do a lot of hydrographic mapping and the most recent acquisition that we made ChartWorld bridges the gap between those two. I don't know if we would have bought ChartWorld if we didnt have FLIR, we were just hold geospatial. So, those are really good. The other thing is that, FLIR has really exceptional products in the unmanned air vehicle domain. And we have had historically good products at Teledyne legacy in the underwater domain. FLIR also brings now ground-based vehicles. So now, if you look at the combination of the two companies, we have about $450 million or so of revenue in unmanned vehicles, unmanned air vehicles, unmanned ground vehicles, unmanned underwater vehicles. And there is a lot of common technologies between those three in terms of control, because of software in terms of digitization and imaging. So, those are some examples, GUY, after 20 months. But that will, of course, grow as a function of time.
Guy Hardwick: Okay. Thank you. And just a quick follow-up. I am just trying to understand the FX guidance implied in your guidance, because it looks like at current rates that FX actually could be a tailwind in the second half?
Robert Mehrabian: It could be. As we think in the first half, certainly, first quarter, we think it's going to be a 1% headwind versus 2.1% to 2.5% last year. Having said that, I don't think anybody knows. I don't think the economies know, they might say, but they don't know. I don't think anybody knows what's going to happen. I certainly don't ever put it that way.
Guy Hardwick: Okay. But can you just clarify what rates you perhaps think about dollar euro rate you have currently?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, currently, it's 1.09.
Guy Hardwick: That's not what you're using in guidance, though, right?
Robert Mehrabian: We're using about 1.06.
Guy Hardwick: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no other questions queued up at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much. Operator, I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Tom, and thanks, everyone, for joining, of course, if you have follow-up questions, certainly feel free to call me or email me. My phone number on the earnings release. And Tom, if you could give the replay information on the call and conclude we'd appreciate it. Thanks you.
Operator: Absolutely. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting at 10 AM Pacific and running through February 25 at midnight. You may access the AT&T playback service at any time by dialing 866-207-1041 and entering the access code of 347-2355. International participants, you can dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers again are 866-207-1041. International participants please dial 402-970-0847 and enter the access code of 347-2355. And that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Event Services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne Technologies Third Quarter Earnings Conference call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this call is being recorded. Id now like to turn the call over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman of Teledyne and Id like to welcome everyone to Teledynes third quarter 2022 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; SVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik; and also Edwin Roks, Executive VP of Teledyne. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course though, before we get started, attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately 1 month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning and thank you for joining our earnings call. I am very pleased with our performance this quarter as well as Teledynes long history of navigating challenging markets. Despite the strong dollar, supply chain constraints and inflation, we achieved record third quarter sales, earnings, operating margin and free cash flow. Excluding foreign currency headwind, which negatively impacted third quarter sales growth by approximately 3% or $39 million, core growth in local currency would have been 6.9%. In addition, year-over-year reported sales increased in all segments despite the FX headwind. Non-GAAP earnings of $4.54, was a third quarter record and just shy of our all-time record. And our earnings quality was also very high given our largest effective tax rate in several years. Overall, orders and demand remained strong, which is a testament to the strength of our balanced business portfolio. Total company book-to-bill was 1.06x and while orders remained reasonably healthy in our short-cycle commercial businesses that were particularly strong in our longer cycle government, marine and aviation businesses and quarter end external backlog of approximately $3.2 billion was also a record. Record third quarter free cash flow of $252 million improved for the second consecutive quarter and was 116% of adjusted net income. Our acquisition pipeline is growing and we are pleased to announce  we were pleased to announce the pending acquisition of ETM earlier this morning. Turning to our 2022 full year outlook, with our strong operating performance in the third quarter, we were able to increase our full year earnings outlook while derisking the prior heavily weighed Q4 forecast. On revenue, given our current exchange rate and the U.S. governments continuing resolution as well as the evolving semiconductor and technology export controls, we are a bit cautious at this time and now project full year sales of roughly $5.45 billion. In the third quarter, we also took the opportunity to refocus Teledyne FLIR by eliminating some smaller money-losing products to help improve our margins. And as a result, we had some cost towards our revenue. Finally, while supply chain constraints continue to limit shipments, we have seen a modest  very modest improvement in recent weeks at least with regard to availability of certain printed circuit boards as well as electronic components. I will now further comment on the performance of our four segments. Starting with our Digital Imaging segment, third quarter sales increased 2.3% despite currency translation headwind of nearly 4%. Sales growth was strongest for industrial and scientific vision sensors and systems as well as for our low-dose high-resolution digital X-ray detectors. Sales of commercial infrared imaging cameras and components also increased. GAAP segment operating margin was 17.2%, but adjusted for intangible asset amortization, segment margin was 22.9%, a 170 basis point improvement from the second quarter of this year. In our Instrumentation segment, overall third quarter sales increased 6.7% versus last year. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems, which include oscilloscopes, digitizers and protocol analyzers, remained strong and increased 9.7% year-over-year with growth in all major geographies and product categories. Sales of protocol analyzers across numerous industry standards such as Peripheral Component Interconnect Express or PCI Express, Universal Serial Bus or USB, and high-definition multimedia interface, HDMI, remains strong as well as sales of oscilloscopes and our unique crossing product, which combine oscilloscopes and protocol analyzers together. Sales of environmental instruments increased 6.3% compared with last year with greater sales of both drug discovery and laboratory instruments as well as air monitoring and process gas analyzers. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 5.1% in the quarter, primarily due to new record sales of autonomous underwater vehicles for both defense and commercial oceanography applications. Overall, Instrumentation segment profit increased 12.9% in the third quarter with GAAP operating margin increasing 126 basis points to 23.2% and 83 basis points on a non-GAAP basis. Excluding intangible asset amortization, the margins increased to 24.5%. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, third quarter sales increased 4.8%, primarily driven by a 20.7% increase in sales of commercial aerospace products. GAAP segment operating profit increased 23.4%, with margin 349 basis points greater than last year. And finally, in our Engineered Systems segment, third quarter revenue increased 7.2% and operating profit also increased slightly. Before turning the call over to Sue, I wanted to make a couple of concluding remarks. Over the last 18 months, we have endured the same challenges as most companies, that is record inflation, supply chain constraints and now strong U.S. dollar. At the same time, we completed the integration of Teledyne FLIR, our largest acquisition and then we rapidly deleveraged. While the operating environment remains challenging, we are glad to be back to doing what we do best, investing in our businesses to drive organic growth, being vigilant on costs and simplifying our operations to increase margins and finally, acquiring and integrating complementary businesses. And now Ill turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert and good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2022 outlook. In the third quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $268.9 million compared with cash flow of $192.8 million for the same period of 2021. The third quarter of 2022 reflected stronger trade receivable collections compared with the third quarter of 2021. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $252.2 million in the third quarter of 2022 compared with $163.6 million in 2021 which included $2.1 million of after cash  cash payments related to the FLIR transaction. Capital expenditures were $16.7 million in the third quarter of 2022 compared with $29.2 million in 2021. Depreciation and amortization expense was $80.8 million for the third quarter of 2022 compared with $90.2 million. In addition, non-cash inventory step-up expense for the third quarter of 2021 was $35.2 million with no comparable amount recorded in the third quarter of 2022. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.44 billion of net debt. That is approximately $3.9 billion of debt less cash of $479.3 million. Stock option compensation expense was $3.7 million in the third quarter of 2022 compared with $5.8 million in 2021. Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2022 will be in the range of $3.67 to $3.80 per share with non-GAAP earnings in the range of $4.46 to $4.56. And for the full year 2022, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $15.46 to $15.60, and on a non-GAAP basis, $17.70 to $17.80. The 2022 full year estimated tax rate excluding discrete items is expected to be 23.1%. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers. Please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Konrad: Maybe just to start, Digital Imaging had a nice margin pickup and recovery from kind of H1. Can you maybe talk about the margin dynamics around price mix and how you think about the recovery there or maybe expectations for the year?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me start with expectations for the year and then see if I can answer the rest. Actually, if you look at the year, we have net pricing improvement across all of our businesses of about 3.6% of sales, but that includes Digital Imaging. On the other hand, we have also against that, we have inflation, Greg, and price increases in the products that we buy. The price increases in the products that we buy have been about 3.4%. We also have salary increases of about 4%. So our net pricing increases have kind of offset the headwind that I have  that we have from price increases to us, that is inflation. The flipside of that is that we have had to pay a little extra for scarce products like complex FPGAs and others that we could not build into our price. So that we have had a headwind there, I am going to say about 2%, about $50 million. So fundamentally, Digital Imaging has done well. They have improved their margins, but its been a relatively tight year up to now.
Greg Konrad: And then can you maybe comment on just the Defense business more broadly? I mean it seems like youre getting quite a few of contracts, some at FLIR, some in the broader business. I mean broader market commentary seems to think that demand outstrips supply right now. I mean how do you think about the timing of some of these new defense opportunities and kind of the outlook there?
Robert Mehrabian: I think the  in general, what were finding is that in our Defense businesses, our book-to-bill has improved significantly. Now for the third quarter, actually, our government businesses were down slightly, but the book-to-bill, which is an important part for us, has improved both in FLIR, its close to 1x, but in our Aerospace and Defense Electronics is closer to 1.5x and in Engineered Systems to 1.35x. The  what were finding is that the demand for electronic components and systems, including parts that are going to Javelin and other weapons that are being depleted, those are coming back strong. We also have really good orders in systems that are being developed like a wide field of new tracking layer, which is for missile tracking basically. Weve had orders  good orders, and we will have programs of about 60 million over 2 years. And that goes across a lot of our products. So in general, youre right. Weve had  weve seen strength in our Defense businesses and some moderation in our commercial businesses as time has gone on.
Greg Konrad: And then just last one, kind of a clarification question. I mean you called out the 3% headwind from FX. Just want to clarify, is that only a translation headwind? Or are you seeing any changes to competition just when youre competing with maybe a local currency competitor?
Robert Mehrabian: No. Its really a headwind from FX. Its a translation only. It started the year at about 1%, went to 2% in Q2, 3% in Q3, and were estimating about 2% in Q4, for a total, Greg, of $110 million hit that were taking to our revenue for the full year. So if we didnt have this translation only, we would have revenues  another $110 million in revenues.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: And next, we can go to Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Giordano: Last quarter, very modest cut, I think, took some people by surprise. Now a bit of a raise here. Were kind of in the same zone at the end of the day, despite all of that. So kind of like what are the big changes? Did some kind of key risks that you were thinking about next  last quarter maybe not materialize to the same extent? Because it was kind of like a lot of movement to get to the same place, I guess, at the end of the day.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Well, when we started the last quarter, we werent sure how much prices we could  of our price increases would stick. And obviously, we were also concerned whether we could manage our margins that take cost out to improve our margins. All of those coupled with the fact that our commercial orders held up pretty well, like in the Imaging businesses, helped us along the way. So in a way, yes, we were looking at  we werent in trouble in any way. We were just kind of very cautious because the headwinds were unpredictable. But as we took some cost out and increased prices, and we had good cash flow, by the way, its given us a lot more confidence. So we raised our outlook and de-risked Q4 at the same time.
Joe Giordano: Yes. No, thats fair. I think when we spoke last quarter, your view for Digital Imaging margins was something like 22% ish for this quarter and then maybe 23% for next quarter. It looks like youre 3 months ahead of that, so youre at 23% now. Should we expect Digital Imaging margins to increase further in the fourth quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: A little bit, yes. I think overall in the fourth quarter  well, let me go talk to the year, which is easier for me to do. For the year, we think we will be at 22.2%, which would be about 20 bps better than last year. So I think Q4 is going to be better about 22.9%, 22.7% of that range. Again, Im a little cautious here because there is some softness in the commercial market. But again, our Defense businesses are picking up.
Joe Giordano: Yes. That makes sense. And then just last for me. I mean I know its early and we dont want to talk about 23, but I know that there was this bogey out there for a while now about the potential for you guys to do, give or take, around $1 billion of free cash flow in 2023. Is that still in this world like a reasonable target to shoot for? Or is it  is that kind of not achievable given FX and all these other things weve talked about for the last 6 months?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me say, I think $1 billion for 23 is a little too high because we have capitalized R&D that we have to worry about. But having said that, if you look at the big picture, which is the way I approached this, we started the year  we started after the FLIR acquisition with a net debt-to-EBITDA of 3.7x. Were down to about 2.5x now. By the end of the year, everything else going along, we will be down to 2.4x. If all goes well by the end of next year and then by the end of 24, we will be down to 0.9x. But that gives us a lot of cash to do acquisitions. And that includes making maybe $500 million of acquisitions in the interim. So the way I look at cash flow is a longer-term view. We probably wont make the full $1 billion. We will come close, but most importantly, we will be levered and be able to make acquisitions. At the same time, put us in a position where we can do something bigger if we want to later on.
Joe Giordano: Thank you.
Operator: And next, we will go to Elizabeth Grenfell with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Hi, good morning. Can you give us a few details around the acquisition that you announced this morning?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Id be happy to. Its really, its a  while we didnt disclose the terms, its got about 112 employees. Its in Northern California. What it does is really it gives us two very important components to our  ads to our products that we dont have. First, in the microwave area, we make traveling-wave tubes. But in order to drive these tubes, you need a power supply. So far, weve had to go to other people to buy the power supplies for our tubes. And weve been looking for that, and there is a scarcity of suppliers in that domain. With this acquisition, now we can essentially supply a system of both tubes and power supplies. For example, in a given application, we were studying, we sell the tubes and they add up to about $300,000 for that application. When we put the power supply with the tubes together, we can sell it over $2 million. So thats in the Defense area. The second area is in our Medical field where we supply products that go into cancer therapy, radiotherapy, X-ray systems to kill cancer. We basically have a product that makes microwave  high energy pulsed microwave that are used in that system. And weve added to that  we seriously sell that for about $10,000. Weve added to that more components, and weve gotten to where we sell about $40,000, $50,000 of products in a system. But again, what we didnt have is the power supply, cooling system, the whole system that you can use in developing the high-energy X-rays. And that, again, is something that ETM brings to us. So what happens is a content that used to be $10,000, we have grown it to maybe $40,000, now can grow over $100,000 per radiotherapy system. And they have really good customer contacts and they have been accepted by the customers as have we with our own products. So thats why were making this acquisition. Its complementary to both our Defense as well as our radiotherapy businesses.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Okay. Great. And then the impact of the portfolio shaping you did within Teledyne FLIR this quarter, how much of an impact did that have on margins?
Robert Mehrabian: It improved margins slightly, but more importantly, what were doing is we took the costs out by reducing the workforce. It was a product line, for example, that they bought just before our acquisition in December of 2020. We bought them in May of 2021. It was a product where they were trying to produce basically commercial  industrial, commercial UAVs, unsuccessful, difficult business to be in. We have  in FLIR, we have really good products in the defense domain that we sell substantial amounts of. But to compete in the industrial domain, that was a product that we had to kill.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Okay. And then if I could shift  speak one more in, please. How are you thinking about the supply chain headwinds now? And when, if you think theyll abate? And then the sales that are being lost because of challenges are those continuing to shift to the right or are they starting to disappear, any way to think about that?
Robert Mehrabian: Elizabeth, let me answer the second part of the question first. Whats happening to us is that we have about a $60 million shortfall in sales that rolls over quarter over quarter. So its not cumulative. Its not like you have four quarters of $60 million loss in sales that adds to $240 million, just $60 million. What happens, it gets delayed, we get parts. The next quarter, we ship what we couldnt ship, then we get delayed again. So we may start the quarter looking, saying, its going to hurt us by $100 million, but we recover from that, so its a $60 million problem for us right now. The flipside, the first part of your question, we are seeing some improvement especially in the more simpler printed circuit board assemblies. For example, to sell our cameras from Teledyne, DALSA and e2v, we need about 1,000 circuit boards a day on occasion. And that was drying up for various reasons. Weve managed to address that problem. So thats good. We also have some improvement in components. Having said that, we still have really tight market for more complex systems like field-programmable gate arrays, which  gate arrays, which are FPGAs. And there, whats happening is the supply shortages are such that people are allocating certain number to each company. We have a very effective effort underway to combine all of our needs across Teledyne, prioritize them and give our priority numbers to our suppliers. Having said that, that is not improving. Some of our suppliers are asking for non-cancelable orders that go out a year from now. And so you have to make choices there, obviously. And were also doing that. So part of it is relaxing the PCBAs, but part of it with the field-programmable gate arrays, thats not. So its a mixture. But Id say, overall, there is improvement.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Great. Thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure.
Operator: And next, we go to Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thank you. Good morning. Robert, you alluded to the short-cycle business holding up reasonably well. And Im just wondering, as you think about that area of your business in a mild recessionary environment, which areas do you see the business beginning to soften the first? And are you seeing any signs of that in your bookings in any of that short-cycle business?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In some of the products that we make  Ill start with Digital Imaging. In some of the products that we make, for example, that go into warehouses, as the demand is softening in that domain, then obviously, they dont need as much of our products for automation and improvement of delivery of their products. On the other hand, we  because we have such a broad portfolio of products that range from security to traffic to firefighting, not all of them are kind of getting impacted simultaneously. Thats why we think its  the downward pressure is not as great for us because of the diversity of our products. Now if you went outside Digital Imaging, for example, in our Instruments domain where we have environmental instruments, we have oscilloscopes, protocols, we have marine instruments, we have marine vehicles. There, things are a lot better. We think it might soften but it hasnt softened much yet. We are getting in the Instruments our book-to-bill is still 1.05x. So what happens is thats the thing that Jason and I always talk about is the breadth of our products and both in terms of who we supply to and what people buy our products for, but also the diversity of our  geographic diversity of our products, where thats protecting us. So we might have softness in some areas. But overall, I think were doing okay.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. And just on the comment that you made about M&A and certainly you could see the net leverage really coming down fairly meaningfully over the next 1 to 2 years. You alluded to 2024 potentially giving you the opportunity to do a big deal. Are you averse to doing a larger deal in 23? Or is it a case of  there are a lot of  there are smaller deals that you could do and youll just maybe gauge how the macro environment is and whether valuations potentially come down for certain larger assets?
Robert Mehrabian: Good point. Right now, if you look at the market for public companies as Jason often says, people always look in the rearview mirror, right? So everybody is looking in the rearview mirror, including us, and youre seeing 52-week highs, right, in the back. It might be 9 months ago, nevertheless, its there. So expectations are what you see in your rearview mirror. If we go forward and things persist the way they are and people see lower numbers looking backwards, then I think we will have more opportunities. Right now, what our focus is to see if we can do more bolt-ons as we have done historically. When we acquired e2v in 2017, our ratio, net debt-to-EBITDA ratio went up almost to 3x. What we did  it came down by the end of 20. 2.5 years later or so, it came down to essentially zero. And we in the interim, made another $500 million of acquisitions during that period. So, the number I quoted for 2024 includes us being able to spend maybe $600 million of smaller acquisitions. As to the bigger acquisitions, I think we are waiting a little  obviously, we have some things in mind, but we ought to wait a little bit before peoples  people are not so effervescent about their evaluations.
Jim Ricchiuti: And is your interest mainly in the commercial area, or has anything changed with respect to how the defense environment looks?
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, we still like our commercial businesses. But we are also seeing, as you saw, we also bought something at least a bolt-on in the defense domain, partially bolt-on  partially defense in the bolt-on. We will do some bolt-ons in the defense, especially if they fit our portfolio. But on the larger stuff, it would be either commercial or a mixture of the two, like FLIR was. FLIR was 60% commercial, 40% defense. And so we will look at that, whether its 70%-30% or 60%-40%. We look at the combo.
Jim Ricchiuti: Alright. Thanks very much and congratulations on the quarter.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we will go to Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey. Good morning guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Along the lines of the short cycle discussion, specifically, can you just comment on FLIR  FLIRs more industrial assets, which can be pretty volatile and can move pretty quickly, especially to the downside in a downturn? I guess what are you seeing with pace of orders or anything, any indication how thats trending in that business? And then generally, how are FLIR margins settling? And I know they have been kind of volatile during this integration process. So, can you update us on how you feel about that?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Let me start with the products. Generally, I would say because of the breadth of the products, while there are some softness in some areas, just like our  rest of our digital imaging, FLIRs book-to-bill right now is close to 1x, 0.98x, which is in some ways better than DALSA, e2v. From  because of the  again, because of the breadth of the products that they have from tomography instruments to infrared detectors to maritime systems, security, traffic, I dont think we are going to get hit on all of those all at once, and we are not. The only problem that we have at FLIR, if I may call it that, is that historically, their revenues have been more skewed to the end of the quarter rather than evenly paced during the quarter like the rest of our digital imaging is. So, the only risk there is you get closer to the end of the quarter and something unforeseen happens. And then it can hurt you. We are working very hard to flatten that out. It will take us  we have the same problem in every acquisition we have made, large acquisitions, whether it was DALSA or e2v or others. And so we are working very hard to flatten that curve, the shipment curve. Having said that, coming back to margins, I think margins are settling in. They  from a non-GAAP perspective, while there has been some volatility, as you appropriately noted, I think will settle by the end of the year, we will settle to about overall in digital imaging to 22.2%. FLIR will be a little bit down from that. But generally, we should be okay. We are looking forward to really  last year was an odd year because we bought FLIR in the middle of the second quarter, and we essentially shipped 12 weeks of product with 8 weeks of cost. Again, because of that, end of the quarter shipment that I mentioned. So, that skewed the numbers. But things are fairly well stabilized now. And I think what we are looking for is make sure we get to our 22.2% by the end of the year for all of our digital imaging and then hunker down and improve that next year.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Thats helpful. And then you gave some nice color on the ETM deal. I might have missed this, but how big is this company? And maybe any information you can provide on their margin profile, where you expect those to go?
Robert Mehrabian: Alright. Obviously, we have been hesitant to talk about it, but its going to be probably in our Q anyways in a few days, maybe later on. But its got about 112 people. The reason I am a little hesitant about the sales, which are about $50 million, is that they also buy products from us. So, they buy our traveling-wave tubes, including with their power supplies and they sell them. So, the deal is going to be accretive. How many cents depends on how you look at the cost of borrowing. Could be accretive $0.02, $0.03, $0.04, if we say the cost of borrowing is 4%, 5%. On the other hand, our cost of borrowing is not 4%, 5% because our average cost of borrowing with our fixed borrowing and cash is more like 2%. So, its going to be accretive, revenue a little shy around $50 million, with some pass-through of our own products. I dont know if thats helpful.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Yes, very helpful. Just trying to get an idea of the size. Okay. Thank you, guys. Thanks Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure.
Operator: Next, we will go to Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Hey. Good morning everyone.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning.
Kristine Liwag: Robert, on the supply chain, it really sounds like its starting to ease for you and your mitigating actions have been paying off. But can you provide a quantitative update? Last quarter, you had mentioned that the 800 of 900 missing components were resolved. Where are we at this quarter? And how does that trend from here?
Robert Mehrabian: Its getting better. Last  and you are correct. But we started the year, this year, Kristine, by having about 36% of our missing components. Of course, the components were a lower number when we started the year. There were more like 500 components and we are at 35% that we couldnt get at that time. We are now over 1,000 components, 1,100 components. But the missing percentage has gone down to about 6%, 7%. So, you are absolutely right. There is the improvement. The flip side is that of the 1,100 components, where we are missing maybe 65 or as I said, 60 open parts, the delay in those are kind of getting longer. And the demand on us is, okay, we are going to allocate so many to you, and you will get it next April. The flip side is its a non-cancelable order. I wish I had products like that. I would love to be in that business myself. So, its getting better, but still a challenge.
Kristine Liwag: I see. And then in terms of  maybe back to digital imaging, you had mentioned a return to portfolio simplification activities. Now, you have pruned a very small loss-making product line. But as you assess that portfolio having owned FLIR now for a few quarters, are you evaluating a potentially larger cost-cutting initiative or a divestiture, or is this kind of insulated and minimal?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think its the latter. No, we are  in all of our products, I know in all of our businesses, we do 80-20, which means we take some products that are unique and they dont make money. We take the product lines out and then increase our products that are making us a lot of money. We are doing that at FLIR like we do at Teledyne. But no, we are not going to divest any large part of FLIR. We are happy with what we have and we are actually probably going to add some to certain areas.
Kristine Liwag: Very helpful color. And if I could sneak in one more. Back to your comment on the supply chain, you mentioned that for some of the missing items, the lead times are getting longer. Whats driving those incremental headwinds? I mean I would think with some of the demand in other parts of semiconductors, for example, we are seeing rolling consumer demand, shouldnt that free up capacity for your orders? And I guess I am just surprised that we are seeing some things continue to lengthen instead of really get resolved sooner.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In some of the discrete components like using commercial domain, things are okay. They are improving. On the other hand, in some of the memory stuff its  the length is getting longer. The lead times are longer. But depends on the complexity. Let me just kind of go through it. If you look at memory devices, lead times are getting lower. On the other hand, if you look at more complex devices, like microcontrollers, processors, the lead times are still 4 weeks to 60 weeks. So, its kind of a mixture and depends on what device we are looking for. For the simpler components and as I have said, printed circuit boards, we are making some real improvements there, and we feel very good about that. But some of those also require our people to go into the suppliers factory and schedule our products on a daily basis to get them out. So, its a mixture.
Kristine Liwag: Great. Thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure.
Operator: And next, we will go to Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hey. Good morning everybody.
Robert Mehrabian: Good Noah.
Noah Poponak: Robert, I just wanted to go back to your commentary around the bid-ask spread in the M&A process. Some other companies that have a similar strategy to yours have pointed to that, but it pretty recently suggesting that, that hasnt really broken yet. You have a deal this morning. You are saying the pipeline looks good. You are quantifying what you could potentially spend in the immediate-term. So, I guess maybe in some ways, you have already answered this, but I am just really curious to put a finer point, like has  now that public markets peaked almost a year ago, has that bid-ask spread challenge cracked and that spread has narrowed, or are you just saying that it hasnt yet, but it eventually has to?
Robert Mehrabian: I think in the private deals its probably cracked a little bit. And the reason for that is private entrepreneurs are looking at things  they are looking at the world, Noah, the way it is evolving, right. The uncertainty in the future is becoming much more pronounced at this time. So, entrepreneurs that have built a business like the one we just bought, that  those people have been in business since 1973, they are becoming more reasonable because they see things are not going to get better in the short-term. So, on the smaller deals like that, I think you are right. We are seeing some better pricing. Having said that, on the bigger deals and public companies, they are still seeing 52-week highs in the background. Until we get beyond that, which is going to be another six months, four months, where people are not looking at, look my high was $500. And I am now trading at $350, they look in the mirror and say, well, my high was more like $400 and now we are at $350. Then I think its going to be more actionable.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thats helpful. You have referenced reducing cost and also price increases. Can you just provide a little bit more detail on where in the business you have done that? And how sizable are we talking on each side?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. It depends on the business. Some businesses, we have a hard time increasing prices because of the programs that we have, long-term programs. But let me just give you an example. In digital imaging, DALSA, e2v, for example, we have been able to increase prices about 4.7%. In marine, where we supply unmanned vehicle, but also a lot of connectivity products for oil and gas, we have also been able to increase prices about 4.7%. On the other hand, in some of our defense products, we have hardly cracked price or gotten about 1% or 2%. Having said that, on the average across the company, our price increases have been about 3.6% year-to-date. And against that, we have wage increases that are 4%. And then products, material that we buy that have been about 3.4%. Thats excluding the extra 2% that we pay for scarce materials. So, thats been a wash between the price increases and the inflation. Where we hurt is, of course, we are spending $50-plus million extra on getting our scarce products. So, I think over time, that will go away too.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And lastly, which products or segments did you allow to roll off of FLIR?
Robert Mehrabian: Just really, there was just an Altavian product that they bought in December of 2020, about four months, five months before we bought them. Actually, we were already in discussions with them, and they picked that up. And it was  I think its basically an industrial, commercial drone business, not in a very difficult market. There are 20 companies that  of that ilk that are competing with one another. Me on that domain, I would rather buy the truck and put in our very really advanced imaging systems on somebody elses truck. I dont want to build those inexpensive trucks. So, thats the one.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure Noah.
Operator: And currently, no further questions in queue.
End of Q&A:
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much. We would  if you would be kind enough operator, I am going to ask Jason to conclude our conference call, and then we will stop.
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert. And again thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Brad, if you could give the replay information at the end of the call that would be great. And if you have follow-up questions, certainly do feel free to call me as well. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, the call will be available for replay after 10 oclock Pacific Time today and running through November 6th at midnight. You can access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering the access code 1148115. International parties may dial 402-970-0847 with the access code 1148115. That does conclude our call for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Greg Konrad - Jefferies:
Joe Giordano - Cowen:
Elizabeth Grenfell - Bank of America:
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company:
Andrew Buscaglia - Berenberg:
Kristine Liwag - Morgan Stanley:
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Teledyne Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time.  As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's second quarter 2022 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning. Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief  and also Edwin Roks, Executive VP of Teledyne. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course, though, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats, as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via dial-in and webcast will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, and thank you for joining our earnings call. In the second quarter sales increased nearly 21% to about $1.36 billion. In addition, our GAAP operating profit, operating margins and earnings per share were all time or second quarter records. Non-GAAP earnings declined slightly but last year's non-GAAP margin and earnings resulted in part from a disproportionate amount of sales relative to costs near the end of the quarter at Teledyne FLIR, as well as lower share count, both due to the mid-quarter closing of the FLIR transaction in May 2021. Including increased foreign currency headwinds, which negatively impacted second quarter sales growth by over 1.7% or approximately $23 million, organic growth was 8.2% and accelerated from the first quarter of 2022. Our short cycle commercial instrumentation and imaging businesses grew strongly in the quarter, and sales from our long cycle Aerospace and Marine businesses also increased. Finally, our US government sales including Teledyne FLIR increased from last year, despite lower defense department outlays in the second quarter of 2022. In summary, year-over-year sales increased in all segments and reported product lines. Overall demand remained strong and we achieved record quarterly orders with a total company book-to-bill of 1.08 times. Orders were particularly strong Teledyne FLIR, where book-to-bill was approximately 1.25. Free cash flow improved from the first quarter, but planned inventory levels remained elevated to counter continuing supply chain risk. Finally, our leverage ratio declined to 2.5 times, and having reached our targeted leverage range, we are again pursuing acquisitions and are pleased to have recently completed our first small bolt-on acquisition of Teledyne FLIR. Turning now to our 2022 outlook, given the recent and significant appreciation of the US dollar, ongoing supply chain constraints and inflation, we believe it's prudent to revise our reported revenue and adjusted earnings outlook modestly for the remainder of the year. Foreign currency translation impacts our three largest segment, and approximately 20% of our total sales with digital imaging and particularly, Teledyne FLIR impacted considerably more than other segments. In addition, supply chain concerns continue to limit shipments. Electronic component and other material shortages negatively impacted second quarter sales by approximately $60 million, and we are assuming that a similar shortfall will continue in the remainder of the year. We have countered both of these headwinds through our various procurement initiatives and strong execution. Nevertheless, we expect total company year-over-year reported organic sales growth of about 4% in each of the third and fourth quarters of 2022, compared with the prior outlook of roughly 5% to 6% resulting in a few - full year estimated sales of about $5.47 billion. Despite these headwinds, we continue to see full year organic sales growth which excludes FLIR of just over 6%, and full year sales from Teledyne FLIR slightly greater than the peak sales in 2020, which included over $125 million from cameras for elevated skin temperature testing. Finally, while foreign currency sales and costs are reasonably balanced at Teledyne, there is no delays and impact on earnings. We also remain a bit cautious regarding cost impact of inflation, therefore, we're modestly revising our full year adjusted earnings outlook by $0.30 at the midpoint, or approximately 1.7% lower than in April. I will now turn the call over to - no sorry, I'm going to continue with our performance of our business segments. In digital imaging, second quarter sales increased 32.9%, largely due to FLIR acquisition, but organic growth in our combined commercial and government imaging businesses was also very strong at 10.3%. Sales growth was strongest for industrial and scientific vision sensors and systems, as well as for our low dose high resolution digital X-ray detectors. GAAP operating margin was 15.2%, but adjusted for intangible asset amortization segment margin was 21.2%. In our Instrumentation segment, overall second quarter sales increased 7.4% versus last year's. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems, which include oscilloscopes, digitizers and protocol analyzers remained strong and increased 11.3% year-over-year. Sales of environmental instruments increased 2.4% compared with last year, with greater sales from certain human health and drug discovery products offset by lower sales of industrial and laboratory gas detection devices. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 9.9% in the quarter due to improved energy  record sales of autonomous underwater vehicles for both defense and commercial oceanography applications. Overall, instrumentation segment operating profit increased 13.9% in the second quarter with operating margin increasing 136 basis points, or 108 basis points excluding intangible asset amortization. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, second quarter sales increased 10.8% driven by a 3.4% growth in defense, space and industrial sales combined  43.9% increase in sales of commercial aerospace products. GAAP operating margin increased 55.2% with margin 749 basis points . Finally, in the Engineered Systems segment, second quarter revenue increased slightly, but operating profit and margin declined primarily due to lower sales of fixed price electronics systems. Before turning the call over to Sue, I want to make a few concluding remarks. We continue to focus on strong execution in order this to minimize ongoing supply chain risk, inflation and now increased currency headwinds. While the operating environment remains challenging, we're highly confident of our balanced and resilient mix of commercial and government businesses across a broad range of geographies and end market. Furthermore, uncertain times have traditionally created opportunities for Teledyne, for example,  the change in interest rates, we were able to repurchase fixed rate debt issued just last year at a substantial discount. And while relatively small, the cash paid for the first acquisition for Teledyne FLIR was negotiated and paid in euros. Given the strength of our management, operations and balance sheet now, specifically with our leverage ratio at 2.5 times which we expect to be further reduced in the balance of the year, we're able to continue to seek similar and larger acquisitions in the future. And now, I will turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our third quarter and full year 2022 outlook. In the second quarter cash flow from operating activities was $196.9 million compared with cash flow of $211.3 million for the same period of 2021. The second quarter of 2022 reflected higher purchases of inventories and higher income tax payments compared with the second quarter of 2021. Free cash flow, that is, cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $176.1 million in the second quarter of 2022, compared with $190.5 million in 2021, which included $66.7 million of after-tax cash payments related to the FLIR transaction. Capital expenditures were $20.8 million for both second quarter periods. Depreciation and amortization expense was $82.7 million for the second quarter of 2022, compared with $59.7 million in 2021, which reflected the timing of the FLIR acquisition midway through the second quarter of 2021. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.6 billion - $3.67 billion of net debt, that is approximately $3.95 billion of debt less cash of $278.8 million. Stock option compensation expense was $3.6 million for both the second quarter periods. Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the third quarter of 2022 will be in the range of $3.36 to $3.54 per share, with non-GAAP earnings in the range of $4.20 to $4.35. And for the full year 2022, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $15.13 to $15.45, and on a non-GAAP basis $17.45 to $17.70. The 2022 full year estimated tax rate, excluding discrete items is expected to be 23.1%. I'll now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the questions-and-answers, please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Konrad: Interesting last name there. But yes, just I mean, I guess it's uncharacteristic for Teledyne to cut guidance. I mean a lot of times, you have contingency and just low P ratings in your guidance. And I mean the commentary was helpful. But is there any way to maybe parse across the segments? I mean, it seems like A&D might be running ahead of your guidance, digital imaging below. Can you just maybe give us some more color around how you're thinking about the growth and margin outlook for the segments?
Robert Mehrabian: Right. It is uncharacteristic, Greg, you're right, and I admit it. There are three things that have happened. Two, we were dealing with fairly successfully, and that would be overall inflation and basically parts shortages. We seem to be rolling $60 million every quarter over and over. So in total, they continue at that level. The one that just hit us very hard was foreign currency. Foreign currency translation basically affects 20% of our business. And the reason it hit digital imaging the hardest, that's where we have most of our foreign currency transactions. You're right and they did well. Instruments did okay. Engineered Systems was down slightly, but Engineered Systems now is only 8% of our portfolio. It's foreign currency that hit us about 1.7% in Q2 or about $23 million, $25 million in revenue. And we expect it to continue in Q3 and Q4. I think that's the fundamental change that we saw. And it was mostly, of course, in digital imaging. And we have not changed our guidance this is the fourth times in 22 years. And it's something we do not do, except the three continuing headwinds that we see. We could handle two, but the third one just is too much at this time. Hopefully, we'll execute better as we move along in the rest of the year.
Greg Konrad: And I appreciate that. I mean, I guess everything you're saying is more on the supply side, let's say, rather than the demand side. And you mentioned the book-to-bill, but maybe there are areas that have risk. I mean I'm thinking about tech spending and what we've heard from some of the tech companies. I mean anywhere where you've seen any demand deterioration or kind of concerns? Or is this really all more supply and FX driven?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think the quick answer is no. Our demand has been very strong. Maybe as a function of time, we may have some demand decline, especially in our discretionary businesses, which are really primarily Raymarine. So there, I think demand was softer. But across the board, the demand has been pretty good.
Greg Konrad: And then just last one for me. I mean you mentioned FLIR bookings, I guess they were 25% above sales. We've seen some nice awards there. How does that maybe intersect with the supply chain and kind of ability to deliver on these? And let me just think about defense getting better. Is that more of a 2023 item, just given supply chain? Or how you're thinking about the kind of the cadence there?
Robert Mehrabian: I think we have supply chain challenges there as we have across our businesses. I think what we're looking at is improving our revenue there in the fourth quarter - in the third and fourth quarter better than we have in the first two quarters and mostly in the fourth quarter. So we have the same problems across the board. At FLIR, the unusual situation that we've had to slowly - and we're correcting Edwin Roks, who runs our digital imaging businesses is working very hard on it, is to linearize the sales over the quarters. And that's been hard because FLIR has historically always sold more in the last month and the last week of the quarter than early on, and that causes issues, especially if you have some supply chain issues that can cause you to miss last minute revenue. So we're taking all of that into consideration in what we've put out in our earnings release.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Giordano, Cowen. Please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Joe, how are you?
Joe Giordano: Hi, I'm doing well. Thanks, guys. Good morning. Can you just talk a little bit about price and what you guys have been doing in the quarter and maybe more recently, given FX changes? Is this changing the way you're going to market a little bit?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Our price increases for the year, we anticipate it to be about 3% of sales. It's a little more in the Q3 and Q4 than it was in Q2. In Q2, it was less than 3%, which has not been really - we're just put in some increases in prices, especially in some of our instrument businesses where we could, and that would be in Q3. So overall, I'd say, Joe, it's about 3%. The flip side is that the cost increases due to inflation and also wages that we have exceeded that, I'm going to say, by 0.5%, 0.6%, and that's causing some issues. But we kind of knew that would happen and we kind of worked on that very hard. The thing that kind of suddenly came out of at us was the change in the exchange rate starting in April, and that was the hard part.
Joe Giordano: So when I look at margins, running hot in AD&E just on the mix with the lower OE content and then running now lower than people would have thought in imaging. As you start thinking about the next couple of quarters, what's like a good - none of those are probably totally representative of like the normalized. So like  we think about margins coming out of this in a more normal situation?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me start with versus April, which would be a good way to go. As I said before, in instruments for the full year, we expect margins to improve about 50 to 55 basis points. In Digital Imaging now, we expect it to be lower by 130 basis points from what - for the full year. In Aerospace and Defense, we have a good run there, primarily because you know commercial aerospace is coming back, and so we expect improvements in margin of 150 basis points. And lastly, as I said, in a smaller segment, which is our Engineered segment, maybe 60 basis points decline. When you add all of that up, it's about 45 basis points decline across the company. That's - I think that's versus April, that's what the summary is.
Joe Giordano: And if I was to think about coming out of this, though, like I know it's too early to look at '23 guidance. But like if I was to think about coming out of this versus the second half run rate that Imaging in Aerospace, specifically are going to have. Like is the Aerospace margins a level from which to grow from? Or is that like too hard of a comp? And vice versa, does the Imaging second half provide a pretty attractive like exit rate for you to improve on? Thanks.
Robert Mehrabian: I think you're correct on Aerospace and Defense. It already has full year margins of 25.5%, which is pretty high. It could go up a little bit. I think there are opportunities going to be in Digital Imaging and also in Engineered Systems. The margins in instruments are already pretty healthy approaching 25%.
Joe Giordano: Thanks, guys. I'll pass along.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Elizabeth Grenfell, Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Hi, good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Hi. Good morning, Elizabeth.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Hi. As we think about things that have slipped to the right because of supply chain challenges, are those going to be able to be shipped later at a later date? Or...
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Good question. Very good question. First, let me back up a second. When we started Q2, we had supply chain challenges. We have a very strong program in procurement. And we were able to offset about $120 plus millions of supply chain challenges by buying through brokers, by buying our own buyers in Asia by a variety of techniques. And so we offset the $120 million plus of revenue that was in danger. That left us with $60 million that we couldn't. But that $60 million is rolling in a way quarter-to-quarter, it's not additive. And what happens is that we think that right now, that's going to continue for the next two quarters and that's where our estimates are coming from. But having said that, because we have elevated our inventory over time that this is going to dissipate. There's no question about that. Whether the over time is going to be early next year or later next year, but over time, this is going to - it's not lost revenue and it's not lost inventory. It's just lost revenue for the time being. So it's going to improve.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Great. Thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Ricchiuti, Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: All right. Thank you. Good morning. Robert, I could appreciate the sudden change in currency. But I wanted to go back to supply chain. Have you guys perhaps underestimated the impact of supply chain or in that maybe you thought it would improve a little sooner? Or is this just something that you've been tracking and it's just not getting better and this was in line with what you'd expected?
Robert Mehrabian: Jim, yes, it's improved only because we're able to find more parts. We have, for example, if you look at year-to-date, we have about - we're missing about 900, what we call, important critical parts. They range from computer chips that go into our vision systems to FPGAs et cetera. And out of the 900, we've actually located 800 through the various processes. Sometimes, we redesigned the product, if we can, if it's very easy to redesign. Sometimes we buy a part and we have to obviously qualify it. So - and sometimes, we just buy parts through brokers. What I didn't estimate within the estimate was that the broker purchases would be as expensive as they are. We're paying sometimes as much as 70% premium for the same part when we buy through a broker because they're going out and finding the part. But it's - that's not unusual. If you create a vacuum eventually, air comes in, right? So you got these brokers that are doing pretty good work and making a lot of money. When that happens, supply chain is going to change eventually, and it is. The only places that I would say we may be underestimated is that some of the very high-end and complex components where the orders that our suppliers are quoting are 12 to 24 months out. And they're also asking to - for us to put in noncancelable orders. So you have to be very helpful in the latter, of course. So I don't think we underestimated it. It's just that things didn't get better at all. And we're not counting on it getting better in the rest of the year. I think 2022 is going to be different. If some of this stuff continues the way it is, we'll redesign more products. I mean, just the way it is, we'll redesign and eventually come out of it. I don't think it's going to go way beyond 2023.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. And one of the things that struck by - I - was the Defense business. I thought you might have shown a little bit more growth in Q2. Is this just more indicative of the pattern we've seen at FLIR over the years, where it's just going to be skewed more toward the Q4 period?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Here's the problem, while Defense budgets are up, the outlays are not. It's kind of like a constricting a dam that's constricting the flow. The flip side of it is that if you look at the second quarter and you look at FLIR particularly, the defense side of FLIR actually increased 8%. It's the commercial side of FLIR that was flat or just slightly down primarily due to Raymarine, the maritime that I mentioned, which are discretionary. But the defense side increased year-over-year. Actually, if you looked at FLIR Q2 of last year, full Q2 of last year versus Q2 of this year. That is look at how much they sold before we acquired them, how much they sold after we acquired them, versus how much they sold this quarter. Overall, FLIR's revenue was up 2.8% primarily because of their defense business being up 8%. So with this recent awards, we feel very good about that. And we have very strong leadership in our defense businesses under JihFen, who used to be with us, went to Department of Defense ended up at the very end of her career there to be acting Deputy Secretary of Research and Engineering. So we feel good about that. And we are expecting things to improve there.
Jim Ricchiuti: And last question from me, and I'll go back into the queue is just you mentioned Raymarine potentially as the macroeconomic environment deteriorates that could be impacted. But just given the way the portfolio has changed now with FLIR. As you look at the broader portfolio, which areas of the business might potentially be precursors of some change in demand that you might see if the economic environment changes more quickly?
Robert Mehrabian: I think the canary in the mine, if you want to say put it that way, is going to be some of our commercial Digital Imaging products. We saw some declines in certain areas. There are different reasons for it, for example, in our health care, Digital Imaging because the COVID things went soft. But now it's growing very fast and doing really well and taking market share. But I would say some of our commercial Digital Imaging would be a good signal for us from a market perspective. But we have - because we - overall, because we have relatively small, very limited exposure to consumer demand, we don't see that affecting us. We're not - 50% of our portfolio is Defense, Aerospace, Medical, Energy. Those markets are going to be fine.
Jim Ricchiuti: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia, Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning, guys. Good morning. So last quarter, you guys sounded a little bit more net positive on the outlook in Defense, obviously, with what's going on in the world. What is your view at this point? And do you foresee some potential awards or projects that aren't currently embedded in your guidance moving awards maybe before year-end?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, yes. So, as you know, Andrew, we've had a succession of awards recently in the Defense that have been - and we put news releases out on most of them. And most of them by in the FLIR area. We think some of our European awards are a little delayed. As you know, to get, for example, if you were to get things to Ukraine, you have to go through one of the other NATO countries. And some of those are taking time. The flip side is that some of the larger awards that we've had, for example, US Army's family of weapons site for individuals, which are mounted devices that go in rifles, that's a $500 million reward. But we're in the early phase, so we expect that the increased revenue for that will come in future periods rather than immediately. We've had a major award from the Danish Ministry of Defense for mobile sensor systems. And we also had, as we announced, we had a really nice award for our very small AUVs, which are Black Hornet from the Norwegian government. And those awards, while they've been made, the shipments are starting to come now. And we expect those awards will lead to more revenue in the future as we move forward from small prototype production or small-scale production to full rate production. So we feel very good about that. But the worst that we've had and some that we're going to get especially in Europe.
Andrew Buscaglia: And how much of this new activity is solely dependent on the Russia and Ukraine conflict continuing? Or put another way, if that dives down, do you see some of this activity or interest in your product evaporate?
Robert Mehrabian: No. I think the programs we're participating in they're really just greater budgets in the US and NATO countries. And I don't think that's going to go away in any foreseeable future. As you can judge, the invasion of Ukraine has been a lesson to everybody that you cannot be in a situation where you are liable. And I think those budgets are here to stay. And the NATO alliance is getting tighter and their budgets are going up, US budgets going up in all domains. There are programs in the US that we participate in related to high-performance infrared sensors in space to track missiles. There's - I think that's here to stay.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And maybe one more, if I may, just because on this topic, you talked a little bit more positively about M&A now that your leverage is at a target. What area is interest to you? Is it going to fall under - are you targeting areas in defense? Or is that more outside of Digital Imaging to broaden your - the balance of your portfolio?
Robert Mehrabian: I would say in all areas, I would probably exclude strictly government services businesses, type businesses. We've seen things across our segments. So it's not necessarily pure one segment or another. Our emphasis has been Digital Imaging will continue, and we like instruments. But there are certain areas of aerospace and defense like in our connector businesses where our margins are superior to everything else. So we would not exclude that. We won't buy something. We will not participate in something in the government services business, for example.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Thanks, Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from the line of Kristine Liwag, Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Kristine.
Kristine Liwag: You've mentioned to return to M&A now that you've hit your target leverage range. With a sharp increase in interest rates, have you seen asset prices come down to preserve your return thresholds? And also, in terms of timing, there's a lot of economic uncertainty. Do you think now is the time to look at these assets or wait and see how the economic environment unfolds?
Robert Mehrabian: Great question, Kristine. Let me first go to the first part of the question. I think some of the expectations out there have moderated, and will continue to moderate, especially with the stock market down, S&P is down almost 15%, 16% this year. So expectations are moderating somewhat. Let me go to the second part, which has to do, if we don't do anything, our ratio which is now 2.5 times will continue going down. By year-end, it'll be 2.3 times. If you don't do anything by the end, the next year you'll be 1.7 times and so on and so forth. So we do have, by the way, the liquidity to buy things. Right now, if we look at our liquidity, we can buy things from our line of credit going over $1 billion. Having said that, we've always been very careful not to overstretch ourselves and not to overpay for things. So I think things are getting better. We'll look at some bolt-ons. But if you look at further forward 12 months or so, what happened last time when the markets and the economy declined, same thing is happening now. We come out of this stronger. Some people don't. And that's when we are able to buy them because their market prices have declined. So it's a continuing process. We - right now, if we look at our debt profile, we have almost no exposure to increased interest rates at this time, because 93% of our debt is fixed, the other 7% that's floating. We have cash against that, which is also floating. So we have 100% fixed debt at this time. So - and we have a good line of credit.
Kristine Liwag: Thank you for all the color.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Kristine.
Operator: And at this time there are no other questions in queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. I would now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. If you have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release or email me directly. Maxine, If you could conclude the call and give the replay information, we would appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Certainly, ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 1:00 P.M. Pacific Time today through August 27, 2022, at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 866-207-1041, and entering the access code 3867531. International participants dial 402-970-0847. Again the numbers are 866-207-1041 and international is 402-970-0847, and the access code is 3867531. That concludes our conference today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Teledyne First Quarter Earnings Call of 2022. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's call will be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our facilitator, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, Steve. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman of Teledyne, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. Also joining today is Edwin Roks, Executive VP of Teledyne. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course, though, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats, as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings, and the actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in, will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone, to our 19th [ph] earnings call since our spin-off in November of 2019, at which point, our stock price was approximately $9 a share. We began today -- we began 2002, we began with the greatest first quarter sales, earnings and adjusted operating margin in our company's history. Our results and operational execution continue to reflect exceptionally well-balanced business portfolio across both end markets and geographies. Demand throughout our short-cycle instrumentation and imaging businesses remain very robust, resulting in total organic sales growth of 7.8%, including approximately 100 basis points of currency translation headwind. We achieved record orders for our electronic test and measurement instrumentation and industrial imaging sensors and systems, even in a typically weak first quarter for these businesses. Sales from our longer-cycle commercial aerospace and marine businesses increased considerably from last year and backlog also grew. Both our GAAP and non-GAAP earnings were first quarter records. GAAP earnings per share was exactly doubled compared with 2021 and non-GAAP earnings increased 34%. I want to emphasize that our non-GAAP earnings exclude only acquired intangible asset amortization. But in the first quarter, it also excluded a large tax benefit related to FLIR foreign tax matters, which only appear in the GAAP results. While free cash flow was lower than last year, it reflected the following guidance: First, bond interest payments of over $36 million made only in the first quarter and again, will be made in the third quarter; second, annual incentive compensation paid only in the first quarter; and third, a significant investment in inventory to derisk revenue in future periods. These items will not be repeated in the second quarter. Nevertheless, our leverage ratio declined to 2.8x from 3.8x immediately after the FLIR transaction in May of 2021. Turning to our 2022 outlook. The overall demand environment across our businesses remain favorable. Even with supply chain constraints and currency translation headwind, we are increasing our expectation for the full year organic growth to approximately 6% from 4% to 5% communicated in January. Coupled with a few full year sales contribution, slightly less than $2 billion from FLIR, this equates to total revenue of just over $5.5 billion for the year, roughly equal to the current consensus. I will now further comment on the performance of our business segments. In our Digital Imaging segment, first quarter sales increased 185%, largely due to FLIR acquisition. But organic growth in our combined commercial and government imaging businesses was also very strong at 13.1%. Sales growth was strongest for industrial vision sensors and systems, as well as our low dose high resolution digital x-ray detectives. GAAP segment operating margin was 15.4, but adjusted for intangible asset amortization, segment margin was 21.9% or about 20 basis point greater than last year. In our Instrumentation segment, overall first quarter sales increased 7.8% versus last year. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems, which include oscilloscopes and protocol analyzers, were very strong and increased 19.1% year-over-year to record levels. Sales in the environmental instruments were flat compared to last year with greater sales from certain human health and drug discovery product offset by lower sales of industrial and laboratory gas detection devices. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 9.7% organically due to improved energy markets, but also record sales of autonomous underwater vehicles for both defense and commercial oceanography applications. Overall, Instrumentation segment, GAAP operating profit increased 20.5% in the first quarter with operating margin increasing 245 basis points or 229 basis points, excluding intangible asset amortization. Moving to our Aerospace and Defense Electronic segment, first quarter sales increased 9.9% driven by modest growth in defense based on industrial sales combined with greater than 50% increase in sales of commercial aerospace products. GAAP segment operating profit increased 51.6% with margin 710 basis points greater than last year. Finally, in our Engineered System segment, first quarter revenue decreased 8.9% and operating profit and margin declined due to lower sales, but especially since we exited the higher margin cruise missile turbine engine business, following the first quarter of last year. Before turning the call over to Sue, I wanted to make a couple of concluding remarks. Effective just this week, FLIR successfully fulfilled the terms of it consent agreement with the U.S. Department of State. Compliance has been always and will always be the critical component of our culture at Teledyne. But Teledyne FLIR has now moved beyond the extra burden and cost of numerous investigations and third-party audits. Finally, regarding our global defense business, which represents approximately 25% of our total sales, over the last six months, defense sales including that of Teledyne FLIR, declined slightly year-over-year and backlog also increased. However, this was more than offset by very strong commercial orders and sales across the company. But now with firmer U.S. and NATO budgets, the outlook for our defense has changed. Creating opportunities for greater defense sales, but also limiting risk for Teledyne is general economic growth decelerates in the future period. While the improvement in the sense may benefit future years the most. We are nevertheless seeing an increase in near-term bookings and opportunities, some of which we expect to benefit the second half of 2022. This is especially true for the Teledyne FLIR business portfolio, where are commercially derived, but military qualified products, they only require a purchase order as opposed to a lengthy appropriations process. I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert and good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our second quarter and full year 2022 outlook. In the first quarter, adjusted cash flow from operating activities was $79.7 million compared with cash flow of $124.9 million for the same period of 2021. The adjusted cash flow excludes a onetime payment of $296.4 million to the Swedish tax authority related to a disputed pre-acquisition 2018 tax reassessment issued to a FLIR subsidiary in Sweden.  Adjusted free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $58.7 million in the first quarter of 2022 compared with $110.1 million in 2021. Capital expenditures were $21 million in the first quarter compared to $17.6 million for the same period of 2021. Depreciation and amortization expense was $86.9 million for the first quarter of 2022 compared to $29.3 million in 2021. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.85 billion of net debt. That is approximately $4.13 billion of debt, less cash of $284.3 million. Our stock compensation expense was $4.3 million in the first quarter of 2022 compared to $4.2 million for the same period of 2021. Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2022 will be in the range of $3.44 to $3.55 per share with non-GAAP earnings in the range of $4.32 to $4.40. For the full year 2022, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $15.34 to $15.66 and on a non-GAAP basis, $17.75 to $18. The latter being an increase at the midpoint to our prior outlook of $17.60 to $18 that we provided in January. The 2022 full year estimated tax rate, excluding discrete items, is expected to be 23.1%. I'll now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. And operator, we'd like to take questions. If you're ready to proceed with the questions-and-answers, please go ahead. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Greg Konrad of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Konrad: This might be a little bit greedy, and I appreciate the conservative nature of forecasting. But it sounded like you took up the organic growth outlook quite a bit with maybe a more minimal change in EPS that you announced this morning for the year. Can you maybe talk about the dynamics there? And then maybe given the comments on the supply chain, maybe some of the offsets to what seems like maybe slightly better volume.
Robert Mehrabian: I don't know, Greg. What did you call it? Greedy?
Greg Konrad: Greedy on that part, though.
Robert Mehrabian: No, frankly, we are a conservative company. Right now, sitting here, we're worried about inflation, which is, as you know, is difficult. Supply chain issues, while we're managing them and have managed them successfully are still uncertain. There is no certainty as when that will change. So having said that, we expect revenue to grow. It was about  I think in January, I said it was 4.6% organic growth. Now I'm indicating with 6% or maybe a little more. Nevertheless having said that, we have to be conservative, because there's too much uncertainty. There's the supply chain, there's the inflation, there's the war in Europe. There's the shutdowns in China. And this is not the time to be information. This is the time to kind of focus on what we know we can deliver and go from there. So that's my answer to that. I don't know if that helps, Greg, or not?
Greg Konrad: Yes. That's helpful. And then, I mean, just kind of baselining the outlook with the quarter. When I look at the margin, some of the segments were well ahead of at least our expectations, maybe digital imaging fell a little bit short. Can you maybe just level set us on the outlook for the year for margins by segment and kind of what you're expecting today?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Let's start with digital imaging. For the full year, and I'm going to combine digital imaging together, FLIR and legacy Teledyne. We think for the full year, it will be about 23.3%. That's full year 2022, slightly less than what it was in full year 2021. Now in January, we were a little more present about that. We thought it would be closer to 23.9%. But we think now 23.3% is a better number, primarily because we are experiencing some supply chain issues there, plus we're having to pay higher prices when we do find the components that we need. Moving to the Instrumentation segment. In January, I mentioned that it would be about 22.8%, the margin. We're increasing that note by 50 basis points because of the tailwind that we have in test and measurement, oscilloscopes and protocol, we're increasing that margin now from 23.8% to 24.3%. Moving to Aerospace and Defense, the margin we expect to increase substantially from what we projected in January. In January, we projected a margin of 21.9%, and we expect it to grow almost 190 basis points to 24%. On the flip side, in our Engineered Systems segment, which has revenue of about $400 million, and it's primarily government businesses, we expect margins to end lower than what we expected in January and be at 10.4%. And so you roll all of that up for the segment. Right now, we're expecting the margin for all the segments combined to be 22.7%. And then when you put in corporate expense, et cetera, the total company margin would be 24.5%. I hope that helps, Greg.
Greg Konrad: That's helpful. And I'm just going to sneak in one last one. I mean, you mentioned defense and kind of the increased opportunities. And I think at one point, people are worried about defense maybe bringing down the overall growth rate of Teledyne. Is there any way to maybe quantify what you're seeing in terms of maybe what you thought of as kind of the long-term defense growth rate prior and then post some of the budget tailwinds in NATO kind of what you're thinking at going forward today?
Robert Mehrabian: Okay. Let me start with Q1. Overall, we saw some decreased in defense across our portfolio from Q1 of last year, about 2.5%. And most of that experience came in Teledyne FLIR. Now having said that, the longer term, we think our defense sales should decrease in the mid-single digits, which is if you take a negative 2.5% and go to, let's say, 5% or so, that 7.5% turnaround that would be though at the end of 2022 or likely 2022 and 2024. And the reason I say that is, while we've kind of chewed away on our defense backlog, we're not seeing significant opportunities, both in Europe as well as across the board in FMS sales. And I can give you examples of that. But we're seeing real demand for products that we have, especially in the FLIR businesses, Teledyne FLIR businesses. Some of them directly a result of the Ukraine conflict and some of them are, of course, because of the increased budgets that are coming in the nature alike.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jim Ricchiuti of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, thank you. Good morning. Robert, just in light of the comments you just made, I'm wondering, are you  is Teledyne thinking differently about longer-term inorganic opportunities in defense over the years, you guys have focused mainly on building up the commercial portfolio, and you've done that quite well. But I'm just wondering, as you think about the business, are you has anything changed in the way you're thinking about M&A going forward?
Robert Mehrabian: Okay. Jim, good morning to you. First, let me back up and say, the way we look at defense, which is now about with FLIR included, Teledyne FLIR, it's about 25% of our portfolio. The way we like to think about that part of our portfolio is kind of like a shock absorber. When commercial businesses go up and down, especially if they go down and you have serious inflation and other things become very negative, it acts like a shock absorber. But having said that, you also have to look at what's happening across the world. And the way we see it is that the conflicts have caused significant change in demand for products, especially our products from our perspective. And we think we should be ready, which we are to enjoy the fruits of that. Having said that, I am not really that convinced, that we should change the balance of our portfolio towards defense. And I say that  with an M&A. And I say that because that I don't really think it's very prudent for a company like Teledyne to change strategy because of something that has happened or is happening. And I think our primary growth engine has always been our commercial businesses, and we have more opportunities there. So I think in M&A, we'll probably focus on commercial businesses. Having said that, we bought FLIR, and FLIR had a substantial defense business. And we observed it, but defense is good. It's got a predictable backlog, but it's not really  it doesn't have the kind of margins you can enjoy in the commercial domain.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. Thank you for that. And also, I appreciate the color on the segments in terms of the way you're viewing the operating margins for the year. I wonder if you could turn for a moment to gross margins, which were quite strong in Q1. And I'm wondering if you could elaborate on what some of the biggest factors were in that and maybe how we should be thinking about gross margins going forward. I know there's some puts and takes, obviously, some of the cost pressures, but mix also. But is there any color you could provide on the strength there?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Jim, you're obviously very familiar with Teledyne. If you look at our Q1 gross margins last year, it was about 38.9% for the legacy Teledyne. We didn't have FLIR at the time. FLIR, on the other hand, Teledyne FLIR, enjoys higher gross margins than us about 55% or did historically or 50%, I'm sorry. So when you combine those two together, the combined company gross margin in the first quarter moved from 38.9% to 43%. Having said that, we also enjoyed higher margins in our test and measurement businesses because they grew significantly 19.2%, that's in our Instruments group. And our Aerospace and Defense margins moved up huge because of the about 50% increase in our commercial aerospace business. So we enjoyed two tailwinds: one, buying a business, which is now a significant part of our portfolio that had higher gross margins than our legacy businesses. And then turnaround that we experienced in our commercial aerospace business and then really good record or there's a revenue in our Test and Measurement businesses.
Jim Ricchiuti: In commercial air, presumably, you see that recovery continuing. It looks like from  at least from what we're hearing from hearing elsewhere. Is that fair to say?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I would say, so we do have some concern going forward only because the comps are going to be a little tougher in Q3, Q4. Last year, when the first quarter, we were in a trough, as you remember what we're encouraged. We do a lot of both OEM products for commercial aircraft. But we also do a lot of aftermarket products. So we're encouraged. Let me put it that.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay, thanks. Ill jump back in the queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Joe Giordano of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hey, good morning guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Giordano: So, I just wanted to start with the growth rate in the FLIR defense portfolio for the quarter. I know that was down. So FLIR overall was down year-on-year. Just how was that  how did that 1Q play out relative to what you were thinking internally three months ago? And has your overall like mid-single-digit growth for the FLIR portfolio this year changed? And maybe you can  if you want to loop that in with like your updated views on organic growth by segment, thats probably helpful too.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. As you well know, Joe, FLIR, as youve mentioned, the defense business is in FLIR, they declined year-over-year. If you went to the historical defense business. They declined about 10.9% year-over-year, but thats also consistent with our own Engineered Systems segment that declined about 9% year-over-year. Some of the primes that we were listening to this week, their businesses declined about 8%. Having said that, we think in Q2, the FLIR defense and our overall defense should be relatively flat and a pickup in the third and fourth quarters. Im going to say, plus 5%. And the reason I say that is because the overall market that were seeing and the opportunities that were seeing in the defense businesses are positive. Both in Europe, as well as in this country. So, when you look at it that way, yes, we did have a decline in Q1, but we had a decline in our existing defense business with specially Engineered Systems which also will recover as the year goes forward. In the year, overall, now youve got to look at the other side of FLIR, which is their commercial businesses. The commercial businesses did reasonably well in the first quarter. They went up about 2.3% compared to last year. And last year, they had a little bit, not much, but they had a little bit of sales in elevated skin temperature products. So in total, I think we expect for the year, the revenue year-over-year to go up for the overall FLIR business, Teledyne FLIR, I should say, to about  from what was last year, $1.895 billion, if you rolled it all in historical as well as after the acquisition, to about 1.97% [ph], which would be the highest over the last two years. That will be a combination of defense and commercial. I hope that answers the question, Joe?
Joe Giordano: Thats helpful. Thank you. I was just curious like your point on this is not the time to be effervescent and full year outlook because of whats going on in supply chain and whats going on with inflation. I think thats totally fair. If you look at your portfolio, like whats the most concerning part? Like which do you think is the least protected of all your businesses, if something which happen negative globally?
Robert Mehrabian: I dont want eventually I guess, because I dont know. But let me say this. We have intentionally balanced our portfolio for just these kinds of times. When times get uncertain, various parts of our portfolio absorb the shock from the market and from the economies. Thats why if you look at our history, when things  bad things happen, right afterwards, some other companies may not deal with it as well. Right after it works, we buy someone that has not done as well. So, I would say that I feel comfortable with our portfolio. Were guiding the Street on what we think we can deliver. And we dont want to be too as the world effervescent. On the other hand, if bad things continue happening as they are now might be a good opportunity for us coming out of this with a significant M&A. We dont see a warning sign at this time, Joe.
Joe Giordano: Okay. And if I could just one last quick one. The test and measurement growth is really strong again. How sustainable is that at that level? Do we start moderating on the rates and kind of stay on a gross dollar basis at similar levels? How do you think about that business?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, again, going with our team, Im going to say net GAAP earnings, gap of growth, net growth for the year should be about 4.5%, 5%, even though we had such a good first quarter. Were seeing better orders, by the way, even the last three weeks. But thats an area that we sell a significant amount of products in China. And nobody knows whats going to happen with the lockdowns there. And its a short-cycle business and the comps are going to be tougher as we move forward because we did pretty well the last three quarters of last year. So, I would say, weve increased our outlook from January a little bit from, lets say, 4% to 4.5%. We stay with that for now to see how things evolve as time goes on.
Joe Giordano: Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey good morning guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: So, I was hoping you could maybe add a little bit more commentary, specifically, you obviously sound more positive on defense and government business, specifically with FLIR, too. And FLIR has always kind of talked about these big longer-term programs of record they were after and very positive on their Unmanned Systems business, which was small, but  its definitely an area they saw a big source of growth. Are the  when you make those comments, are you referencing those things like that? Or is there any other color you can give specifically into what kind of the nature of these awards are or potential opportunities you said?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me first comment on the long-term legacy systems and programs of record. Some of that has happened, will happen. Some of it, Im not so sure, because I dont look through the same lens as the previous management did. Having said that, there are significant opportunities in Soldier Borne Sensor systems. And when you mentioned the unmanned systems, theres a range of as you well know, if you move to the air, there is, of course, the Black Hornet. Black Hornet 3, which is 5 inches in size, very silent, and go about a mile, come back performing GPS-denied environment. Were seeing real interest in that, and thats doing very well. On the flip side, on the grant systems, our PackBots are doing really well. Actually, some of them, we saw some videos are being used in Ukraine, by the Ukrainan forces that we trained before the war. In the [indiscernible] that we have, theyre used and theyre doing very well. Some of them actually are were on the new Ukraines new helicopters in Kiev. Our IR sensors going to various drone manufacturers. And were seeing a lot of demand across all of our unmanned systems for not just drones, but also for the sensors that go on top of those. We also have, in the longer term, as you said, programs. We also have an interesting opportunity, which has to do with a larger drone. Thats a little bit like what is known as the Switchblade. That drone would be, if we can achieve a program of record, coming to the words you said. If we can achieve program of record for that drone, that would be a real winner. Its in the final stages of prototyping, we should be able to get some revenue by the end of the year. It has really strong capability. Its a vertical takeoff and landing drone. It has opportunities to carry munitions. Its recoverable. That is if you wave off an assignment, you can wave it within the last two seconds and bring it back. Its got 30-minute flight time and you kind of go out 20 kilometers. So, when I think about something like that, thats akin to an opportunity that we can enjoy when we get that certified and flying. Having said all of that, I think its important to recognize that getting into programs of record is not that easy. And what we like to focus on is get what you can now sell what you can now and then plan for in the future over the long term, but dont hedge all of your eggs in that basket. I dont know whether that helps or not.
Andrew Buscaglia: No, very helpful. No, sounds encouraging. And maybe you could comment, too, the other news this quarter is the consent agreement is going away. Can you just remind us the impact of that? It sounds like I forget if that is included in your kind of annual synergy estimate and where we stand with synergies from FLIR at this point?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. That the total cost of that for FLIR and then Teledyne was at the order of $80-some million. It started in 2018. And we successfully ended it this quarter. We had some expenses in Q1. We also had to pay $3.5 million, the government that we obligated to pay. Weve built that into the synergies for going forward already. But part of the reason that were able to have the synergies that we enjoyed with Teledyne FLIR is that when we bought them, we said, look, we expected to have accretion in the first year. And we thought that at the time the accretion would be somewhere between $40 million to $80 million this year. So, when I see it right now, I would guess, $80 million would be the low end, and it would be closer to $100 million in synergies. And that kind of absorbs some of the opportunities that we see now that the consent decrease behind us.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Got it.
Robert Mehrabian: Okay.
Andrew Buscaglia: All right. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Kristine Liwag of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Kristine Liwag: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Kristine.
Kristine Liwag: Looking at the supply chain constraints, last quarter, you had mentioned that alternative sourcing has thus far proven successful in about 60% to 70% of cases. Are these trends holding steady, improving or worsening? And also what other initiatives can you implement to manage the risk?
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Kristine. That's a very good question. Let me start with the effect, the net effect. We think in the first quarter of this year, the one just behind us the effect of shortages affected us by about $74 million. We think going forward, that's not going to be changing all that much. Having said that we also were able to buy components, find components or redesign our products that let us sell over a $100 million of products that we couldn't have, if we had not enjoyed that. We have a very robust activity dealing with shortages in our procurement led by Paul DeLaRosa and 30 of our business units. So they do three things. First, they identify who has the shortages and what are the common suppliers for those shortages. And we then deal directly as a company with that supplier and prioritize what we can buy from them. So we may have shortages in various businesses, but one may not affect our revenue as much as the other. So we  that help us focus on the high priority ones. Second, we source from third parties, especially, we have our own people in the [indiscernible] plus we have some of our suppliers, primary suppliers for our semiconductor requirements that are looking for part. So if we're missing like 700 parts today, we may have already found maybe 450 parts that we can enjoy. But we have to of course bring them in and qualify them. We're not just going to take them and put them into our product. We have to qualify them, like we do everything else. And then we also, lastly, look at redesign that is, can we redesign not just a specific part, but can we redesign the product? I'd say the camera that we are selling to avoid the part that has significant shortage, especially if we see forward  looking forward. So long answer to your question is the following. One, yes, we're going to have some revenue shortfall because of that. But it's not going to be killing us. It's going be in the same level that we had. And part of it is alleviated, because we've also put in some inventory. That's one of the reasons that we talked about our cash. We've increased our inventory in setting on our shelves, our products, and also materials that we have either bought long term or products that once we get the part, we can get it out the door. There's a whole combination of these things that's kind of so far has helped us avoid significant effects on the company as a whole. I hope Kristine that answers your question.
Kristine Liwag: Yes, Robert, that was really helpful. And then if I could do a follow on, is the supply chain issue that you're seeing for legacy Teledyne the same as what you're seeing for FLIR or is there a difference between the two?
Robert Mehrabian: Not much difference, Kristine. I think, there is digital imaging as an example, which is now 60% of our business. It's the same, because we make very similar products different end markets, similar product complexity, et cetera. So I would say it's the same. There's some exceptions here and there by and large, though that is the same.
Kristine Liwag: Great, thank you very much, Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Of course, Kristine.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning, everyone.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Robert, can you quantify how much inventory you added in that buffer stock process?
Robert Mehrabian: I must say about 55 million. I hate to admit it, but it hurts me.
Noah Poponak: Well, it seems sensible with what's happening at the moment. And it sounds like you're saying you don't expect that to alleviate anytime soon. So you'll just hold that, hold the inventory balance at that level as opposed to burning that down through the year that extra piece.
Robert Mehrabian: We're going to burn down, Noah.
Noah Poponak: Okay.
Robert Mehrabian: It's either that or my clothes, but we're going to burn it down.
Noah Poponak: I mean, if you're not expecting supply chain to improve, won't you need to hold buffer stock?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. We'll hold some, of course, we will Noah. But here's the thing. I think the combination of the things that I just mentioned, is making us feel a little more comfortable. The other thing is some of our businesses have been a little too conservative. We had a plan to reduce our inventory this year by a similar amount. So now it's gone up that much. So if we can bring it back that we still have ample inventory. We just have to move it around so that the measurement is such that it doesn't really hurt our cash flow. We have, for example  the problem we have, for example, with wafers. That's something that  that's long term, and we got to buy it. We buy 30,000 wafers in digital imaging. And we've got to buy it and we've got to keep it because that's one that you cannot buy in the market, whether it's East Asia or whether it's here, you can't buy that. So that one, we do. But there are other things that we can get rid of this year.
Noah Poponak: Okay. Are you still expecting total company bottom line, full year free cash to net income conversion over 100%?
Robert Mehrabian: Very close. Very close. At least, that's what I told the Board yesterday.
Noah Poponak: Okay. On the cost input inflation piece, what is the rate of increase that you're seeing at the moment?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. That's a good question. There is  there's two parts to that. One of them is materials. And the other one is wages. On the material side, with everything that's going on in the world, our costs are increasing at this time, about 3.5% of our gross  cost of our goods. And frankly, we look at that from both the business side and also look at it from the corporate side. Wage inflation is a little less, maybe 3.25%. So  when you roll that up all together, we're seeing about cost increases of 3%, let's say. The flip side is we also are increasing prices ourselves, where we can, not in every program. We're pretty much offsetting that with price increases. So net-net, so far, being very careful and prudent in what we do. We've managed to negate those two when we'll have to work very hard to keep doing that.
Noah Poponak: Are you raising price at a rate equal to or slightly greater than the cost inflation? Or are you actually maintaining the price cost gap that you previously had?
Robert Mehrabian: I think we're  I would say we're maintaining.
Noah Poponak: So you already had pricing and you're accelerating the pricing to maintain the price cost gap?
Robert Mehrabian: That's it.
Noah Poponak: Okay. And then last thing I wanted to ask is you've discussed the  a new opportunity set evolving on the national security front. As the combined business now, what percentage of your defense or government related to national security revenues are domestic versus international?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me think, for example. I think about overall were 25%. I would say, about just under 20%, 19% is U.S. and DoD. And I'd say about 5% to 6% is foreign at this time.
Noah Poponak: Got it. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Noah.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of John  excuse me, Jim Ricchiuti of Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Yes, I may have missed it, but Robert, I was wondering if you provided any information on book-to-bill, either for the company or for the segments if there was much variability in the book-to-bills that you saw in the different segments?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. No, that's a good question, Jim. Let me start with the total company, if I may. Book-to-bill is pretty healthy. It's 1.09%. We have really good backlog, by the way, the highest backlog that I remember, we have about $2.95 billion of backlog. And we backlog, we define very carefully. It's kind of money that we already know is going to come in. So our book-to-bill of 1.09% is pretty healthy, but it's variable across the company. Let's start with the Digital Imaging. Digital Imaging is a little less than the whole company, it's about 1.04%, but still healthy. In instruments, it's close to the company total. It's at 1.08% with marine being a little higher than environmental marine being at 1.13%. And test and measurement being at 1.07%. Environmental at 1.04%. So the total instrumentation is same as the company at 1.08%. Aerospace and defense electronics, as I mentioned, because of the commercial aerospace comeback, we have a 1.13 book to bill and an engineer systems where our revenue went done for the reasons I mentioned, partly because we are not going to  we got out of the turbine engine business after the first quarter of last year, plus we've been eating into our backlog. We have some really nice additions. Our book to bill is 1.38, but I'm always cautious on that one because that's a long-term program lumpy program wins. So overall 1.09, that's pretty good for us in this environment.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. That's helpful.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much operator. I'll now ask Jason to conclude our conference call please.
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert. And again, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. And if you do have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on earning release. And of course our earnings releases are available on our website, teledyne.com. Steve, if you could conclude today's conference call and provide the replay information, we would much appreciate it. Goodbye everyone.
Operator: Certainly Mr. VanWees. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today, which will be available for replay today at 2:00 p.m. Eastern time until May 27, midnight of that day. You may access the replay by dialing 866-207-1041 and entering an access code of 5805962. If you're dialing from an international location, please use 402-970-0847. And the access code of 5805962. Once again, on behalf of today's panel, we'd like to thank you for joining today's Teledyne teleconference call and thank you for using our service. Have a wonderful day. You may disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Teledyne's Fourth Quarter Earnings Call 2021.  And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the call over to your first speaker, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please, go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman of Teledyne. And I would like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market open.  Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. And also joining today is Edwin Roks, Executive VP of Teledyne and President of our combined Teledyne Digital Imaging businesses. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. But of course, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And yes, actual results may differ materially.  In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial in, will be available for approximately 1 month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, and thank you for joining our earnings call. 2021 was a defining year for Teledyne with record sales and adjusted earnings, operating margin and cash flow. Furthermore, with the successful acquisition and integration of Teledyne FLIR, Teledyne has further evolved into a global sensing and decision support technology company. We provide specialty sensors, cameras, instrumentation, algorithms and software across the electromagnetic spectrum, and unmanned systems in the subsea, land and air domains. I've never been more pleased with our portfolio of businesses in its simple description. We are a high-technology commercial industrial business balanced across multiple end markets with a resilient, predictable portion of long-cycle government business. In the fourth quarter, our operational execution remained very strong. We achieved revenue -- record revenue, 70% greater than last year, driven by organic growth of 8.4% and the remaining 61.6% of sales increase contributed by Teledyne FLIR. Sales growth was especially strong in our commercial imaging and electronic test and measurement instrumentation businesses. In addition, our Aerospace Defense Electronics segment saw continued growth in government and space markets, along with ongoing recovery in commercial aerospace. Despite significant noncash purchase accounting charges, fourth quarter GAAP earnings per share of $3.39 decreased only 2.6% compared to last year. Excluding acquisition-related charges, earnings were $4.56 per share, an increase of 23.9% on a comparable basis from 2020. Compared to the midpoint of our fourth quarter earnings outlook in October, which was $4.12, stronger sales contributed about $0.12 per share, improved margins roughly $0.25 plus a small $0.07 per share increase related to discrete tax items, which, by the way, specifically excludes a larger tax benefit related to clear foreign tax matters appearing in the GAAP results. Cash flow was also all-time quarterly record, allowing repayment of $345 million of debt and our leverage ratio declined from 2.9% -- declined 2 to 2.9 from 3.8, which was the number we had immediately after the FLIR acquisition. Turning to 2022 outlook. The overall demand environment across our businesses remains favorable. Nevertheless, supply chain constraints continue to limit shipments. Given this, we think, a reasonable outlook for total company organic sales growth at this time is between 4% and 5%. Coupled with a full year sales contribution of approximately $2 billion from FLIR, this equates to total revenue of just under $5.5 billion. Of course, if supply chain challenges ease or as it's necessary, we were able to increase pricing to offset inflation more than at the present time. We will increase the revenue outlook throughout the year as we did in 2021, where we achieved full year organic revenue growth of 8.2% relative to our initial outlook in January of 2021 of 5% to 6%. I will now comment on the performance of our 4 business segments. In our Digital Imaging segment, fourth quarter sales increased 209%, largely due to the FLIR acquisition. But organic growth in our combined commercial and government imaging businesses was also very strong at 18.6%. Sales growth was strongest for industrial and scientific vision sensors and systems. In addition, we had record health care sales with revenue greater than any pre-pandemic period. GAAP segment operating margin was 11.6%, but adjusted for purchase accounting and transaction costs, segment margin was 23.3%. In our Instrumentation segment, fourth quarter sales increased 6.9% versus last year. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems, which include oscilloscopes and protocol analyzers, were very strong and increased 13% year-over-year to record levels. Sales of environmental instruments increased 3.2% from last year with sales related to human health and safety markets, such as drug discovery and gas and flame detection being the strongest in the quarter. Sales of marine instruments increased 6.5% in the quarter. In addition, quarterly orders were the strongest in the last 7 years with fourth quarter book-to-bill of 1.35. Overall, Instrumentation segment operating profit increased 5.5% in the fourth quarter and 19% in 2021, with full year segment operating margin increasing 226 basis points or 218 basis points, excluding intangible asset amortization. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, fourth quarter sales increased 12.5%, driven by 6.4% growth in defense, space and industrial sales, combined with 38.5% increase in sales of commercial aerospace products. GAAP segment operating profit increased 75% and margin 888 basis points greater than last year. Finally, in the Engineered Systems segment, fourth quarter revenue decreased 15.6% on operating profit and margin decline due to lower sales. And also since we exited the higher-margin cruise missile turbine engine business earlier this past year. Before turning the call over to Sue, I want to make a few concluding remarks. First, as noted in yesterday's 8-K filing, an appeals court in Sweden, generally affirmed a lower court ruling made in March of 2020 regarding a clear tax method dating back to 2012. The court determined an estimated tax liability of $303 million. This outcome was anticipated by us and the associated liability was accrued as noted in our most recent 10-Q. We do not plan to appeal the decision and expect to pay the tax in the first quarter of 2022. Finally, regarding environmental, social and governance efforts for ESG, Teledyne's sustainability journey began more than 20 years ago with the belief that demand for environmental monitoring instruments would outgrow general industrial process implementation. Our first 3 acquisitions were Advanced Pollution Instrumentation, Monitor Labs and Tekmar, 3 companies dedicated to analyzing trace contaminants in air and water. Today, our imaging sensors enable greenhouse gas and pollution monitoring from space. Our environmental instruments provide data on the concentration of chemicals and particulates in ambient air and our autonomous underwater floats and vehicles enable the monitoring of ocean temperature and solidity from the surface to deep subsea. While we have highlighted our strategy and products in our last 3 annual reports, next month, we will publish an inaugural corporate social responsibility or CSR report. Here, we will further highlight our sustainability efforts as well as disclose matrices regarding greenhouse gas emission and reduction targets workplace safety and employee and management diversity.  I'll now turn the call over to Sue.
Susan Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our first quarter and full year 2022 outlook. In the fourth quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $295.6 million compared with cash flow of $236.4 million for the same period of 2020. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $261.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared with $217 million in 2020. For the full year 2021, free cash flow was $794.6 million excluding FLIR transaction-related cash payments net of tax. Capital expenditures were $34 million in the fourth quarter compared to $19.4 million for the same period of 2020. Depreciation and amortization expense was $86.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2021 compared with $28.7 million in 2020. In addition, noncash inventory step-up expense for the fourth quarter of 2021 was $47.8 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.62 billion of net debt. That is approximately $4.1 billion of debt less cash of $474.7 million. Stock option compensation expense was $6.4 million for the fourth quarter of 2021, compared to $5.9 million for the same period of 2020. Resulting from the FLIR acquisition, restricted stock unit expense for FLIR employees was $1.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2021.  Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the first quarter of 2022 will be in the range of $3.12 to $3.22 per share with non-GAAP earnings in the range of $4.02 to $4.10. And for the full year 2022, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $14.10 to $14.55, and on a non-GAAP basis, $17.60 to $18. The 2022 full year estimated tax rate, excluding discrete items, is expected to be 22.8%.  I'll now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. John, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator:  Our first question comes from Mike Maugeri with Wolfe Research.
Mike Maugeri: Robert, can you talk a little bit more about how you're thinking about doing deals again? What's the level of leverage that you're comfortable with the start doing deals again? And how does the size of those deals sort of flex with where your level of leverage is at?
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Mike. First, we are rapidly bringing our leverage down. 2.9 leverage ratio that we currently enjoy is the number that we were really thinking would happen by the end of '22. So having moved that forward, I think by the end of '22, we should be in, what I would say, in an investment-grade range.  We are -- at the present time, we are pursuing bolt-on acquisitions but in the long term, we would also look at larger acquisitions. What do I mean by large? Anything that goes beyond a couple of billion dollars takes a little time, so even at this time, we can look at those things we take because it takes 10 months to a year to close. Having said all of that, our longer-term leverage ratio is somewhere between 1.5 to 2.5. So if we get down to 2.5 or less by the end of 2022, we'll be in good shape to do all these things.
Mike Maugeri: And then as my follow-up. Can you update us on free cash for 2022? And is there any update to the billion-dollar number that you put out there for 2023? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Mike, its Robert. So, Mike, I guess -- I think our '22 number is something like a little over $900 million. '23 will still be over $1 billion. We might be able to improve on that as we go along. But right now with what I see or what we see in organic growth and also CapEx and other expenses, that's about the range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Konrad with Jefferies.
Greg Konrad: Maybe just to start, I mean, embedded in your guidance, how are you thinking about margins just given maybe some of the one-timers and Digital Imaging in 2021? And if you could just give a little bit of granularity around segment margins? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah, Greg, the Digital Imaging we ended full-year at a little over 24%. If you exclude the not one-time charges, it's a tough comp for us in '22. And the reason I say that is in Q2, when we acquired FLIR, they have always had their hockey stick sales profile during a quarter. So, at the beginning half of the quarter, they had a lot of costs which they made out in the second quarter of the quarter, as they sold product. And what we enjoyed this year was significant increase in the second half of third quarter, after we close the transaction right in the middle of the quarter on May 14. So that helped us with the margin.  Having said that, when you strip away all the one-time charges except for intangibles, we still think we're going to be in 22% close to 24%, 23.9%, 24 %, which is a little less than 21%. But we're stripping everything out there except intangibles. And those are pretty good margins and it's probably the result of the fact that we're able to maintain our reduced cost structure that we enjoyed implemented after the FLIR acquisition.  Now, if we can increase, as I said earlier, if we can increase price to make up -- better make up for inflation, I think our -- and with where our sales as robust as they have been, I think our margins will definitely increase.
Greg Konrad: And then maybe just a follow-up on that comment, I mean, you talked about both supply chain and price kind of if those improve as kind of upside drivers. Is there any way to quantify maybe the impact or what you're seeing there? And then, just in terms of pricing, where could that be most impactful and maybe where you can get some price?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let's start with price increase for us. In '21, on the average, we increase price about 2%, and we had volume increase of 6.2% and that resulted in the overall organic growth of 8.2%.  On the flip side, we had some price increases from our suppliers. We were fortunate in that one because we instituted a very strong procurement program starting in 2019 before the pandemic. And because of that, we also ended up with some good contracts longer-term contracts with some of our supplies. Having said all of that, I think about $2 billion that we buy from our various suppliers between the -- in the new Teledyne, I think we are going to have some price increases from them that are going to be in the 2% to 3%, maybe a little more. But we are offsetting that right now in 2022 with our own price increases of 1.5% to 2%, but maybe we can do a little better than that.  Right now, we're predicting -- projecting our volume to go up 2.5% to 3% on top of the price increase which goes with the current outlook that I gave you between 4% and 5%. Having said, that if an increase prices more and as we go down the year like we did in '21 and things turn out to be working for us our organic growth should be better, just like it was in 2021. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. 
Jim Ricchiuti: Robert, I'm wondering if we think about your annual revenue outlook, any sense as to how much of a revenue impact you're seeing, you're anticipating, as you think about some of the supply chain challenges that are out there?
Robert Mehrabian: I can only do the short-term, Jim. In Q1, the way we're looking at it, it's probably going to affect us somewhere about $80 million right now, what we see. Of course, we are working very hard on that one. We have buyers across our company focused on that, but more importantly where you also using buyers across the globe, specifically more in the far east that identify parts for us. So, if we have, let's say, 500 parts shortages across the company, they can usually find something about -- something around 60% to 70% for us. And then, of course, we have to qualify and use them.  Now we also have our semiconductor board manufacturers. They are also looking for parts for us at the same time. So we have this cooperative activity going on that I think has helped us so far certainly in 2021. Right now we're looking at $80 million decrements. But as we did in Q4, we'll overcome some of that as we go forward and we've kind of bake that in to our projections. So I don't think supply chain is going to kill us as it does in some of the other companies.
Jim Ricchiuti: And you gave -- I may have missed it, but you give some color on the book-to-bill in marine instrumentation. Did you -- could you provide some booking book-to-bill information on some of the other business segments? And just related to your comment about operating margins and Digital Imaging, if we think about some of the business areas that you've restructured, it would seem like there would be some nice margin expansion opportunity in some of those areas.
Robert Mehrabian: Right. Well, let me start with the first part of your question, which is book-to-bill. In the instrument area, book-to-bill is about 1.08. So pretty healthy. In Q4 it was higher, it was like 1.16, but the average is out over the fourth quarter there is 1.08. The strongest category there being enjoyed by marine. Nevertheless, all of our programs, all of our businesses in the instrument business have -- in the instrument segment have ratios over 1.  In Digital Imaging we have about 1.05, healthier in our historical Digital Imaging which includes of course, -- e2v and other things, that is really doing well. It's about 1.3. FLIR is less than 1. And the reason for that is primarily in their defense businesses, which are both lumpy and also they -- there are projecting at this time the kind of programs that we anticipate. That's why by the way, we restructured the management of that business under JihFen Lei, who was, as you know, the Deputy for Research and Engineering Acting Deputy for Research and Engineering in Department of Defense. And we think that's going to come along fine.  In AD&E, Aerospace and Defense segment, there was over 1, it was 1.04. And in Engineered System, which is big programs fairly lumpy was close to 1. So overall, I'd say if you look at the total company, at the end of 2021 averaged over 2021, we're talking about 1.05, which I think, at this time for us that's a pretty healthy number. And then, let me go to the second part of your question which had to do with margins. We have significant margin improvement in all of our businesses except fairly flat in Engineered Systems in '21. Let me start with that because the trick is to maintain those margins as we move into '22 and as we grow.  First, in Instruments, our margins increased from '20 to '21, 218 basis points and we expect to increase that another 30 basis points to 23.8%. As I mentioned, in Digital Imaging, overall we have some tough comps, our margins may decline just a little bit maybe 30, 40 basis points. But I think as we improve our revenue and pricing, that should take care of that. In Aerospace and Defense, our margins between 2021 and 2020 increased 745%, and we expect to improve that another 80 basis points in 2022. Engineered Systems is the toughest comp we had because we did exit the turbine engine business and we think we're going to have some margin shrinkage there. Maybe 40, 50 basis points, but it's of course 48% of the company.  So, overall, I think total company margins right now with the organic growth that I projected between 4% and 5%, I think, our total margins were the company will improve about 20 basis points to 21.5%. But as I said before, if we can enjoy a little more price increases and if our revenue goes up, just like it did '21, then our margins will go up accordingly. I think that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristine Liwag with Morgan Stanley.
Kristine Liwag: Robert, on the parts shortage issue that you mentioned in the supply chain, are trends starting to improve and you're seeing more availability or are you seeing the issues more widespread and potentially seen more parts affected?
Robert Mehrabian: I would say, Kristine, overall, things are improving. There are pockets where things have not improved. Basically, the lead times are increased a little bit. And the trick is, of course, to make sure that you build certain products that you're waiting for a single part or 2 parts, build those products and put them on the shelf and be ready to move as soon as you secure the part. That especially becomes important in something like our cameras. We have thousands of cameras that can go out as soon as the part arrives. And because of the efforts, Kristine, that I mentioned before, with buyers across the world, especially in the Far East, looking for specifically people dedicated for looking for parts for us, we're able to offset those. I think, overall, the -- across our portfolio, part shortages are not that important in certain areas like aerospace and defense and certain parts of Digital Imaging. For example, some of the people that supply us semiconductor products for our Digital Imaging, that is the people that make the various products that we designed, they're also our customers. So there is a little bit of a -- we enjoy a little bit of leverage there, in that what goes around comes around. So we enjoy that leverage. So I would say the serious matter, but it's not as serious as other companies are suffering from.
Kristine Liwag: And maybe as a follow-up question, on one of the pricing increases you mentioned, it sounds like you've got efforts in place to pass on the 2% to 3% pricing increases from your suppliers and potentially get a little bit more. Can you talk about the competitive environment what your competitors are doing? And also any feedback from your customers about their price inelasticity? And ultimately, I mean, 2% to 3% seems pretty low versus that we're seeing in the overall industry but more mid-single digits. I mean, is this a very easy thing for you to be able to accomplish, which is passing that off and getting a margin on top of that?
Robert Mehrabian: Kristine, I've never got to admit it's easy because if it were easy, then we would -- we'd enter a different world. What is happening to us is that we can't get price increases where our products have superior performance. So if someone is going to buy a camera, that's got very specific requirements for their application, and we provided, then we can enjoy price increases. In our protocol analyzers and oscilloscopes, where we have very unique positions, we're way ahead of the curve on other people. we can enjoy significant price increases. On the other hand, if you're making a product in the ambient particulate or ambient air monitoring and you're in China, and they're emphasizing by Chinese, and they are not really that interested in paying a high price for a product that's really superior then you don't have as much price advantage and you have to compete with what the market dictates. Fortunately, for us, Kristine, as you travel across our portfolio of products, across the company because our end markets are so diverse, you get really -- because of our balanced portfolio, you get some places where can enjoy serious price increases and some places that you have to stay competitive. So what you do is you just focus on cutting costs, focused on improving manufacturing operations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elizabeth Grenfell with BofA. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Grenfell : I was hoping you could speak to your operating margins over more of the medium term, so not just this year, but how we should think about them progressing through, call it, the next 5-plus years -- or 5 years?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I can tell you, we measure ourselves against the very best-in-class. We've closed our margin gap significantly over the last 5 years. We have improved margins about 400 basis points. Now going forward another 5 years, where I sit here now, I'll say if we can improve 40 to 50 basis points a year, it'd be great. We've closed the gap very fast. On the other hand, if things go our way, which seems to have gone our way in the past, we could do better than that. But sitting here right now, I'd say, 40 to 50 basis points looking forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. 
Andrew Buscaglia: I was hoping you could dig a little bit more into Digital Imaging in the quarter. It definitely exceeded my expectations, And you made an interesting comment that health care sales had a record level of sales. Can you -- so I imagine that's the main driver. But can you just talk about what you saw within that segment?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. There are two parts to it, Andrew. Of course, there's our legacy digital imaging, and there's our new acquisition clear. So if you would bear with me, I'd like to separate the 2 for a minute. And then, of course, going forward, we're going to talk as if there were one. But let me start with our historical Digital Imaging. Without acquisitions, between '20 and '21, we enjoyed 15.5%, 15.6% increase in revenue from about $986 million to $1.140 billion. And then -- if you look at our machine vision within that, some cameras, scientific cameras, and sensors, that really did well. It was -- in the fourth quarter, it was 29%. And in the fourth quarter, it was about 36%, forgive me. Overall during the year was 29%.  Health care, which as you know, we make x-rays as well as x-ray source components for cancer treatment. We had our best quarter we've had in the last -- ever, this year. And it increased 19.5% in Q4 and 15.8% for the year.  And then we also had growth in our aerospace and defense in that segment. Fourth quarter, about 4.8%, over the year about 4.1%. And then MEMS, as you know, our Micro Electro Mechanical Systems, fabs and factories, we enjoyed about 17.9% for fourth quarter and 12.3%. So fourth quarter was a great quarter. We had a little decline in our J-S ratio, but that's a very small part of that portfolio. It's only $60 million. So $2 million or $3 million would look like a lot of money, but it essentially didn't grow year-over-year. Now -- looking -- again, I'm going to stay with this segment for a while. Looking forward to 2022, at this time, we're projecting about 5.35% growth for next year, something to go to about $1.2 billion. And that varies across the various products. A much more moderated increases that we had in 2021. But again, let me caution that it's the beginning of the year. And I can't see -- we can't see too far forward to project things much higher than 5%, 5.3% in this domain. Let's go to FLIR for a second. Overall, before we acquired FLIR, in 2020, their revenues of about $1.924 billion. And of course, that was the year that they really enjoyed the elevated skin temperature products, which contributed about $100 million to their revenue. If you go through 2021 and you add up pre-acquisition and post-acquisition revenue for the whole year for FLIR, it was $1.895 billion. So it went down about $29 million, which means that we made up most of that $100 million decrement that we saw in the elevated skin temperature, which was also reflected primarily in the industrial segment businesses, which were down about $46 million. Next year, we're projecting those businesses to improve by about 5.9%. And overall, the total business to increase to almost -- to $2 billion or increase from where we are today, 5%, 5.5% to $2 billion. And then if you track the diverse defense and Gray Marine, et cetera, Gray Marine had a great year. That's part of, of course, the industrial segment, almost 15.9%. We think it moderate about 3% next year. Defense businesses enjoyed some pickup from $768 million to $785 million in 2020 to '21, but we're projecting another 6.4% increase going into '22. So -- and almost increases in all areas. So in sum total, we think that our overall digital imaging businesses, which would be both of those combined will be about $3.2 billion in revenue, which would be an increase of about 5%, maybe a little more over this year. No, no. This is all --
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Yes, very helpful. Yes. So maybe just switching gears, I was surprised to see we received a couple of quarters now where A&D electronics have really picked up. And I believe you said aerospace is up over 30%. How much of this is just easy comps? Or is this the real sign of things -- of activity picking up in that area, do you think?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, first, let me go into the aerospace part. Of course, that's the tilted towards commercial aerospace, that's a small portion of our overall portfolio. It's about $120 million, $125 million. But we look at real bidding from '20 to '21, from 2019 to '20, and that business just hit the bottom -- it went down about $100 million. We took cost out, as we always do. We took the cost out, and some of the comps, therefore, were easy as we come into the new year. That business has grown significantly and our margins are over 30% because of -- we kept the lower cost and improve the revenue year-over-year. But by and large aerospace business, like most of our other businesses is a small fraction of our overall portfolio. And that's what I always kind of emphasize the fact that we like to have a balanced portfolio, even in digital imaging -- we have a balanced portfolio between machine vision, health care, aerospace, geospatial, thermal, unmanned, surveillance, components, et cetera. So none of these businesses get hurt. And the point back to aerospace and defense. The other thing that's happened is we worked very hard to improve our margins in the defense part of that business. So if you look year-over-year, the margins in our Aerospace and Defense business from '21 to '22 because of the good The overall year margin went to 21.3% and increased 745 basis points with respect to '20. And we think in '22, we can increase it another 80 basis I hope that answers your question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Giordano with Cowen. 
Joseph Giordano: Hey, guys. Does anything -- as you look across all the different parts of your business, does anything feel kind of unsustainably high? Or -- and conversely, does anything feel like it's clearly inflecting off of levels and moving higher?
Robert Mehrabian: Boy, you would ask that, Joe. I think the only thing I would say, no, nothing looks sustaining the just causes the comps to be a little tougher, right? I mentioned about digital imaging. When you kind of hit the ball out of the park, now you go up to bat again, you might hit singles rather than hit it out of the park. Some of the later cycle businesses like Aerospace, we're enjoying in bonds. And I think that's going to keep moving, and it's going to be good. And our marine businesses are -- we have the best book-to-bill ratio in our instrument is in our marine businesses. So we think that's going to go up significantly. But again, going back, you look at our overall Marine business, which ranges from defense to underwater vehicles, some oil, gas and all, overall, it's about $450 million, $425 million this year, maybe over $460 million next year. It's not a big chunk of our portfolio. So if it goes down or up 10%, 15%, it doesn't affect us very much. So I don't see he's getting out of whack. There are some areas that I think if we do the right things, we're going to enjoy significant benefits. Let me give you 1 example. We have about $450 million of unmanned vehicle business portfolio. About $150 million is underwater. It's $150 million is on the ground, and $150 million is in our drones that we got from FLIR. So if we can combine some of those technologies, if we can couple those capabilities together, then I think over the long run, that business can grow much faster than any of the businesses on their own stand-alone. So -- and that's the kind of stuff that excites me at this time. Can we put those things together and kind of get the kind of base that you're talking about? 
Joseph Giordano: Yes. That was going to be my next question. Like, kind of where do you think -- I know you don't want to talk revenue synergies or anything like that with FLIR, but kind of where do you think this can go in terms of like an overall pitch of the portfolio? Like, does this -- how does the scale help you when you're going to market or bidding certain applications?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, by now that, by nature, relatively conservative. But just let me say that we have managed to take a significant amount of cost from FLIR. And we took as much cost this year as we talked we take between this year and next year combined. So that business is now stabilized. We're not going to squeeze that business anymore. We just took a lot of cost out in the whole management, top management, the, of course, public company. And then they have zillions or consultants that we don't need. And we did all of that without increasing our own corporate budget, which is important. So where else do we have synergies. We have some synergies in costs right there. The other areas are some of our purchasing powers have improved because of the coupling of the and then go to market together is important. And I think those synergies are small in each area, but they add up to significant numbers. Don't give you 1 example. We have a gas and flame business that we bought from 3M. It's a really good business. When we bought it, it had about 12% margins. Last year, the margins went over 20%. FLIR has a gas detection camera that we're trying to couple the tour and sell it together. The same thing goes with enormous number of FLIR commercial products in the thermography business and a lot of our visible cameras. And we're trying to couple those together, and FLIR had some mid-market cameras. We coupled that already with high-end cameras. So there are a lot of synergies. I've kind of baked that in so far for next year in our 5% overall revenue growth to about $3.2 billion. But I think if we have the synergies going forward, it could improve more than that. But right now, we're trying to keep our stable or cost reductions so that we don't get smacked with some cost increases and then slowly work our synergies as we go forward.
Joseph Giordano: Can I just have you clarify one thing as we went through a lot of numbers, and I was trying to write everything down have missed some stuff. I know that organic is a little bit tricky because part of FLIR is inorganic for the year. And if you were to totally segregate these 2 things. How fast organically do you think FLIR on its own, like the totality of FLIR is going to grow in '22? And then total legacy ex FLIR Teledyne? And then where do you think the FLIR are in -- where were they in '21? And where are they in '22? Just FLIR.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Just FLIR, let me go back to '20 because that's a good starting position. They were at $1.924 billion in '20. In '21, if you take before and after the acquisition, they went down 1.5% to $1.895. And that was primarily because of they didn't have the elevated skin temperature sales, okay? So if you take that as a basis, $1.895 billion, we're projecting a 5.5% revenue increase in 2022, all organic, to about $2 billion. If you take our legacy Digital Imaging businesses, they went up 15.6% from '20 to '21. We don't think that's sustainable. At this time, I mean I always emphasize at this time. We think that can go from $1.14 billion to $1.2 billion, which is another 5.3% increase. So if you combine the 2, you're talking about somewhere between about 5.4% increase in revenue, organically, all in. Does that answer your question?
Joseph Giordano: And the FLIR margins?
Robert Mehrabian: FLIR margin is going to go down a little bit primarily because of -- as I mentioned before, I don't know if you were on the call there, well the Q2 was really good because they produce most of that material earning in Q2. Their margins are going to be close to 24%. And our own legacy margins are going to be above 23.8%, which, by the way, that's 200 basis points higher than what we had in 2020. So if we can maintain that and increase it together, I think it's going to be tough. We may have a little reduction in overall margin, let's say, basis, 40 basis points, be close to 24%, which is pretty good. Our margins in digital imaging and our instrumentation are very close to one another as we're projecting in '22 at almost 24% each. And as I said, in aerospace and defense, we've called up to 22%. So I'm happy with that scenario.
Operator:  We now go to Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. 
Noah Poponak: Robert, could you spend a little more time on exactly why Digital Imaging -- legacy, ex FLIR, has had suddenly such high growth rates? I mean, I know the compares are kind of easy, but they're not that easy. It didn't draw down that much in 2020. And I understand you've given the detail on what each of the pieces did, and I know the trends in those businesses, but it's sort of an out of nowhere step function in the growth rate that you've had for a few quarters here. If you could just better educate me on what the successes are driving that?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. And I'll try not to emphasize brilliant management on Noahs part, because he's sitting here.
Noah Poponak: Whatever the right answer is --
Robert Mehrabian: No, let me take a couple of pieces of that. When the pandemic hit, our health care business has suffered because a lot of the selected X-ray treatment and even cancer treatment took a significant hit because the hospitals were overloaded. As things eased up a little bit, both our X-ray business and our X-ray source business went -- ticked up. And so it enjoyed a 14% increase. That's the highest in the quarter, that was up 19.5%. So it averaged about 13.4%. So we picked it up as the year went on. And that was really driven by the fact that people started having more surgeries and treatments, et cetera. In the machine vision business, our inspection businesses went up significantly throughout the year. And if you take our scientific cameras, which are also very important, they are used in all kinds of applications, including looking at details of called sources, and there you have very fast cameras, which we do. We started the year okay, but then it started picking up. And by quarter 4, it was over 36%. So it's nothing that happened all suddenly. It was just a slow increase in those businesses as we went along. And MEMS, we have a unique capability in both promo that we bought this MicroLine MEMS business. There's a scarcity of independent MEMS foundries, we are probably one of the top independent foundries in the world. And so with the shortages that are happening customers are coming where they can get stuff and where we can make them. And so that's helped us a lot too. That overall year-over-year increased 10% -- 9.4% but picked up almost 18% in Q4. So it's not any one thing, it's a lot of these little things adding up. What we're trying to do is we're trying to give conservative guidance for '22 because the comps are so tough. And then as I said before, we have to kind of tip to our way through these supply chain issues. I mean I guess the numbers are impressive, but the decent amount of that detail you gave there is COVID and some of the movement around that and then supply chain, all of which hopefully don't last forever or at least to the degree they do impact they have today. Do you worry about not only a tough compare, but then just a resetting back to normal of some of those items? Or you just have enough incremental penetration you can find to keep growing that business. I think just to walk out of my shoes, my conservative shoes, I'd be surprised if we don't do better as we go on.
Noah Poponak: And then in the FLIR piece, the numbers you've provided on a multiyear basis there, very helpful and transparent. Those are pretty in line with where they were trending and what the outlook was for the business. So it sounds like we know you haven't divested anything, and I thought there might have been some pieces in there you didn't quite see as aligned with Teledyne for the long term. I thought you might have some stuff that you just kind of let roll off with a focus on profitability and cash flow. It looks like that hasn't happened, that you've determined essentially all of legacy FLIR stays with Teledyne. Is that right?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Yes. The answer is yes. And then -- by the way, there's a little difference between -- you covered for a long time. So you probably know those businesses historically, the trends, better than I do. Having said that, they may have projected revenues, robust revenues year-over-year. But I am not sure how many of them they hit -- so when I say $2 billion in 2022, I kind of feel that we can achieve that. Having said that, let's talk about this divestiture issue. You recall that at one time, they were thinking of selling their Raymarine businesses. Well, we don't because we have a huge number of marine businesses that fit tightly with that business. We have our whole Marine effort with all the capabilities we have in underwater imaging and then our LiDAR businesses, that's a go for us. That business has done very well in 2021, and we're projecting it to grow. And that's not even counting the synergies that we should enjoy in that domain. So frankly, I don't see any part of that business that we would divest. It's a good portfolio. That's why we pay a dear price for us to get it.
Noah Poponak: And just 1 last one, if I might. The Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment margin increased pretty significantly through the year last year, even though the sequential revenue change isn't that significant. And historically, it doesn't have that -- doesn't quite have that seasonality. So why -- I guess, why did it? Or should I be thinking about that -- why isn't the margin exiting the year kind of sustainable in that business?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, two reasons, Noah. First, as I mentioned before, the aerospace portion of that business came back because we took the cost out and the revenue -- any revenue increase just was really huge gross margins. So that increased tremendously. And frankly, in 2020, that was depressed versus 2019. That was depressed because of the cost cutting that we did in the aerospace portion of that. The other thing is on the defense portion of that, we had some really nice programs. We kind of stabilized that. We have really good new managers up there. And so that's helped us. And then lastly, in the aerospace part, we're enjoying good aftermarket. The aftermarket in that domain is pretty good. And OEM is coming back, while OEM margins are a little less than we enjoy we'd like to think, especially in '22 and '23, with the aftermarket because they have already our products on the aircraft. We think that will be good. And then we have some really exciting new products coming out like we've mentioned this, you may recall, we have an aircraft -- on-aircraft monitoring -- air monitoring product that we're introducing. And it's kind of built on their monitoring products that we have in our instrument businesses for outside the aircraft I think that's going to be a very good product because everybody when you get on an airplane, was the first thing you worry about nowadays is the quality of the year.
Noah Poponak: Yes. So essentially relative to the fourth quarter, you have to bring costs back on compared to the drop-through that you experienced in the fourth quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: No, I don't think so. I think the mix between OEM and aftermarket, the margin should stay about the same. But as we said, in overall aerospace and defense market we expect an 80-basis point increase in margin between '21 and '22 for the full year.
Operator: And we have no additional questions in queue. The queue is clear.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, John. I'll now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. Of course, if you have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number mentioned on the earnings release, and all the earnings releases are available on our website. John, if you could conclude the call, will provide the replay information? Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this call will be available for replay from 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time today, February 26 at midnight. To listen to the replay, dial (866) 207-1041 and enter the access code 7478140. International participants may dial (402) 970-0847. Once again, those phone numbers are (866) 207-1041, and international is (402) 970-0847, and the access code is 7478140. That does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event Conferencing. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Teledyne Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time.  And as a reminder, this call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead sir. 
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Brad and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice Chairman of Teledyne, and I'd like to welcome everyone to our third quarter earnings release conference call. And of course we released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning and thank you for joining our earnings call. I'm very pleased with both our operational execution and our financial performance in the third quarter. We achieved record revenue 75.2% greater than last year driven by organic growth of 11.9% and the remaining 63.3% of sales increase contributed by Teledyne FLIR. Revenue increased organically in every major business group, but was especially strong in our Commercial Imaging and Electronic Test and Measurement Instrumentation businesses where organic growth for each was greater than 20% in the quarter. Furthermore, orders exceeded sales for the fourth consecutive quarter with a third quarter book-to-bill of 1.1. GAAP earnings per share of $2.81 increased 13.3% compared to last year and was $0.03 less than our record GAAP third quarter earnings achieved in 2019. However, excluding acquisition-related charges earnings were $4.34 per share in the third quarter an increase of 61.9% on a comparable basis from 2020. Cash flow was a third quarter record allowing repayment of $300 million of debt while our leverage ratio declined to 3.3% from 3.7% at the end of the second quarter. Teledyne FLIR performed strongly in its first full quarter. Integration efforts have been swift and we are increasingly excited about the long-term future with Teledyne. We continue to accelerate the pace of planned synergies and currently expect to achieve our annualized cost saving target of $80 million before the middle of 2022 as opposed to the end of 2022 as we described in our July earnings call and compared with 2024 as noted when we announced the transaction in January of 2021. Regarding our execution in the quarter, Teledyne is not immune to supply chain issues inflation and other operational challenges. However, to-date we've been successfully navigating and managing these issues. And today we are pleased to increase our full year sales, margin and earnings outlook compared outlook we presented in July. On a full year basis we now think a reasonable outlook for organic sales growth in 2021 is approximately 7% to 7.5% led by forecasted growth of almost 13% in Digital Imaging which excludes Teledyne FLIR. This translates to total sales of $4.59 billion with contribution of $2.4 billion from Digital Imaging including FLIR. I will now further comment on the performance of the four business segments. In our Digital Imaging segment, third quarter sales increased 217.3%, largely due to the FLIR acquisition, but organic growth in our combined commercial and government imaging businesses was also very strong at 17.9%. Sales of industrial and scientific vision systems were a record and healthcare sales returned to pre-pandemic levels. GAAP segment, operating margin was 12.5%. But adjusted for transaction costs and purchase accounting segment margin was 23.9%. In our Instrumentation segment, overall quarter sales increased 9% versus last year. Sales of test and electronic test and measurement systems, which include oscilloscopes and protocol analyzers were exceptionally strong and increased 20.8% year-over-year to record levels. Sales of Environmental Instruments increased 7.6% from last year with sales related to human health and safety market such as drug discovery and gas and flame detection being strongest in the quarter. Sales of Marine Instrumentation increased 3.2% in the quarter. In addition, orders were the strongest in the last six quarters with a quarter book-to-bill of 1.13. Overall, Instrumentation segment operating profit increased 24.3% with segment operating margin increasing 270 basis points or 247 basis points excluding intangible asset amortization. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, third quarter sales increased 11.7%, driven by 8.4% growth in Defense, Space and Industrial sales, combined with a 27% increase in sales of commercial aerospace products versus last year's pandemic-related tough quarter. GAAP operating profit increased 34.5% with margin 375 basis points greater than last year. Finally, in the Engineered Systems segment, third quarter revenue increased 1.4% but operating profit and margin declined slightly, since we exited the higher-margin turbine engine business earlier this year. But before turning the call over to Sue, I want to comment on our margin and earnings outlook. For several years, we've been on a journey to move our overall operating margin from the low teens to over 20%. Over the last 2.5 years, we've made tremendous progress with  notwithstanding the pandemic and the recent supply chain and inflationary pressures. Today, the approximate $1 increase in our earnings outlook is primarily the result of further improvement in our full year 2021 forecasted operating margin, which excluding acquisition-related charges is 100 basis points better at approximately 21% from our 20% forecast in July. And now to, Sue. 
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2021 outlook. In the third quarter cash flow from operating activities was $192.8 million, including all acquisition-related costs. Excluding acquisition-related cash costs, net of tax cash from operations was $194.9 million compared with cash flow of $150.3 million for the same period of 2020. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, excluding acquisition-related costs was $165.7 million in the third quarter of 2021 compared with $135.1 million in 2020. Capital expenditures were $29.2 million in the third quarter compared to $15.2 million for the same period of 2020. Depreciation and amortization expense was $90.2 million for the third quarter of 2021 compared with $29.2 million in 2020. In addition, non-cash inventory step-up expense for the third quarter of 2021 was $35.2 million. We ended the quarter with approximately $3.89 billion of net debt. That is approximately $4.44 billion of debt less cash of $561.8 million. Stock option compensation expense was $5.8 million for the third quarter of 2021 compared to $5.7 million for the same period of 2020. Resulting from the FLIR acquisition, restricted stock unit expense for FLIR employees was $1.8 million in the third quarter of 2021. Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2021, will be in the range of $2.53 to $2.69 per share with non-GAAP earnings in the range of $4.07 to $4.17. And for the full-year 2021 our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $9.13 to $9.29; and on a non-GAAP basis $16.35 and to $16.45 compared with our prior outlook of $15.25 to $15.50. The 2021 full-year estimated tax rate excluding discrete items. is expected to be 23.9%. In addition, we currently expect less discrete tax items in 2021 compared with 2020. I'll now pass the call back to Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator Brad, if you're ready to proceed with the question and answers please go ahead. Brad? 
Operator:  And we can go right now to Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning and great quarter.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg. 
Greg Konrad: Maybe just to start I mean you talked about a lot of the higher outlook based on the margin. At least on the beat it seems pretty broad-based across segments. I mean how do you think about the drivers there and just sustainability given tailwinds or potential headwinds? And I think previously you've always had a target of how much margin expansion you'd like to capture per year. I mean has anything changed around that as margins have reset higher? 
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think, Greg, our expectation is that our margins will keep increasing, as we projected. We think it's still maybe 60 basis points per year above where we are. And I say that -- perhaps earlier I may have said the 100 basis points but our margins have moved up to 21% on Q3. So it's going to get a little tougher but we intend to improve margins as we go along.
Greg Konrad: And then, just -- I mean, you mentioned accelerating the FLIR synergies the middle of next year. I mean, what allowed you to pull that forward? And maybe what does that mean for the longer-term potential to drive productivity and take costs out of the business?
Robert Mehrabian: I think, in addition to wages, which are significant about -- net benefits about $45 million. The more important thing that we've been able to manage to do is reduce dependence on third-party consultants, legal savings and frankly, lobbyists. As you know, Greg, we don't have lobbyists at Teledyne. So, of course, the Board fees and public relations and so on, those help. But third-party consultants and legal lobbyists and others, I'd say $28 million, $30 million. 
Greg Konrad: And then, just last one for me. I mean, you briefly mentioned inflation before. I mean, how do you think about the offsets there? How much within the supply chain versus -- are there specific areas of the business where maybe you have more flexibility around pricing? Just trying to think about broader risk of price mix.
Robert Mehrabian: So far when we look at the PPI, inflations are pretty high. We're not experiencing as much as we anticipated in the price pressure to us from our suppliers. Having said that, some of our suppliers more recently have come out with 20%, 25% price increases. Good part of it is, we have long-term agreements with some of them. So those would moderate. As for ourselves, so far this year, we've been able to increase prices on the average about 2%. What that means, in some businesses, we can't obviously increase prices, because we have long-term contracts Greg. But in other businesses, we do have the ability to increase prices. So on the average, we've increased 2%. Our intention is to continue doing that. And perhaps, especially, next year, we'll start early and see how much elasticity we have in our prices.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: And next we can go to the line of Mike Maugeri with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Mike Maugeri: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for the time. So I'm just curious, within your government business, are there any watch items like new starts or programs with significant ramps that you're keeping a closer eye on while the U.S. is operating under this continuing resolution?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Mike. I think -- first let me start by saying our government businesses are about 26%, 27% of our total. The two opportunities that we are keeping an eye on are underwater vehicles and there is a medium underwater UUV that the government is soliciting proposals on. And we're bidding on that across the Engineered Systems and our Marine businesses together, just like we do with gliders and other things. And then there's the large underwater vehicle that we expect to bid on. Some of the other -- in Digital Imaging, we have the wide field of view or what's called WFOV early warning satellite. That's an opportunity for us. Our next-generation overhead persistent infrared, OPIR, is another one. And the downside, if there is a downside, is we have to rebid at our NASA program, what we call MASI, which is the Mission Systems program later this year. We bid on it yet, but the decision would be later. And there's always a risk when you're doing that. But overall, there's a whole range of new programs that are available to us even under the continuing resolution.
Mike Maugeri: Got it. And then, to the point in your release about the recovery in the longer-cycle business, now that you have that would you sort of be willing to talk about the early trends that you're seeing into next year within the business?
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, I would say that opportunities would be in our Marine businesses primarily, because the oil prices, as you're well aware Mike, have moved up significantly. And we had a book-to-bill of 1.13 this quarter. We also think that we will have more opportunities in Aerospace and Defense businesses, especially on the aerospace side as people start traveling more. We think that Marine may have an upside next year of maybe $25 million and controls, which is our computers that go on various aircraft. That can have a similar number $20 million to $25 million. Those are longer-cycle businesses, and so far they look all right. On the shorter cycle which the other side of the Instrument, we enjoyed a 9% increase overall. And T&M, our test and measurement is doing well. And we hope that with our new products that we keep developing that will have some bump next year too.
Mike Maugeri: Got it. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: And next we can go to the line of Elizabeth Grenfell with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Hi. Good morning. When we think about the FLIR integration and the acceleration and the timeline to achieving the initial cost savings, where do you think we could potentially see additional upside to, I think before the top side had been to $100 million. I mean how much additional headwind or how much additional headroom is there into achieving additional cost synergies and savings?
Robert Mehrabian: Elizabeth, let me start with, I hope I didn't misquote myself. Our top side savings for which we moved forward from 2024 to 2022 is $80 million. Having said that, there are other opportunities, but there would be more opportunities in developing products between FLIR's offerings and Teledyne's offerings. And as we move the revenue up and keep our cost down, we think that will help improve our margins. But we haven't factored that in the revenue synergies yet, because right now we're still integrating. We've integrated some of the businesses very quickly. Like, they make midrange vision systems and make high-end vision systems and those we've coupled right away and that's worked out really well. But we're still working on the rest of the stuff. Like in the Marine, Raymarine and our Marine businesses, there are opportunities. There are opportunities between their Raymarine businesses and our software businesses and underwater software businesses at Karas. We're working on all of those. As we do that I think those would create more savings as we go forward.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Okay. And then, as you continue to delever, how are you considering or thinking about the M&A environment and additional opportunities to grow inorganically?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Elizabeth, first on the delivering, we're not sitting at 3.3x net debt to EBITDA. We hope to take that down to about 2.7 by the end of 2022. That would be our marker. As we look at that when you're, kind of, start getting confident that you're going to go there you start looking at larger acquisition potentials because those things take a little time to get eight, nine months. But in the interim, we will look at and we are looking at smaller acquisitions. As we did back in 2017 when we acquired e2v, our debt to EBITDA ratio was pretty high. We very quickly delevered over the next three years. But in the interim we also bought about $500 million of smaller assets. So we'll do the shorter term. We'll do small acquisitions. In the longer term, we've promised the rating agencies that we won't do anything very big but then we are sure we can hit our targets.
Elizabeth Grenfell: Okay. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Elizabeth.
Operator: And next we can go to the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, good morning. Robert, a question on the FLIR business. Organic growth there looks like it was fairly modest. And I don't recall them having much of an EST contribution in last year's Q3. Is any of this either portfolio realignment? Their commercial business appears to be doing okay. I think the machine vision business probably was pretty healthy. Is it their government related business that was a little slower?
Robert Mehrabian: Actually Jim if I may their EST business, which was out of their components, which they make the sensors and the solutions businesses, the commercial solution businesses was -- generated about $40 million in revenue last year in Q3 let's say $35 million to $40 million, and their Q3 last year including that was about $466 million. This year's third quarter the revenue is $474 million. So if you -- with no EST revenue. So if you were to look at it, apples-to-apples and take the $40 million out of the $466 million, you're looking more like a $426 million, $427 million last year versus the $474 million. So there's significant growth there. Second, they've had -- we've had reasonably good growth in our Defense segment, the FLIR Defense segment of about 3.5% this year versus last year, primarily coming from the unmanned systems. So there's been growth in the commercial as well as in the defense businesses. If you were to moderate things if you were to subtract the EST sales last year third quarter.
Jim Ricchiuti: No. Thanks for clarifying that. You're right. They did about $90 million in Q2, and even though it was down to $40 million Q3 that's still a fairly significant contribution. Thanks for pointing that out, Robert. On the test and measurement business, you guys have performed really well there. And what I'm wondering is structurally is there anything changing in that business in that market? Is it market share gains? Is it the activity you're seeing in the protocol analyzer business? Are you gaining share do you think in the scopes business?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah, Jim both. What -- first of all, we're hitting on all cylinders on our protocol analyzer businesses. If you combine our protocol analyzer and oscilloscopes sales that was a record for us, all-time record this quarter. We see very strong demand for our protocol analyzers like PCI Express, as well as high-definition multimedia video products. The other thing that we've been successful at is we've combined our oscilloscopes with our protocol analyzers, which saves significant amount of time for engineers that are developing interfaces between products. And that's been a real winner for us. So it's a combination. Good market for oscilloscopes, great market for protocol analyzers and an upside when you combine the two together with new products.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. And two quick final questions. Just -- and this next question may be difficult to answer, but you do seem to be navigating the component environment fairly well. But I'm wondering if you can say whether there's been any identifiable disruption to revenues. In other words, revenues that you perhaps would have been able to achieve in the quarter but you just -- it's just challenging to get parts?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Jim, that's a great question. Yeah, I can answer that because we track that one very closely. First, in the quarter, I'd say we probably didn't enjoy about $40 million of revenue that we could have not because of shortages. Now we were fortunate because the way our portfolio of business is laid out as you're very familiar with we can make some of that up in other places. We have a balanced portfolio and these shortages are not hitting everything we do. And by the way those are not lost sales. They just moved to Q4. We expect to have a similar number in Q4. We're looking at Q1 of next year and see similar issues. So we -- it's kind of a shifting game, but we make it up by pulling in from other parts of our portfolio. Having said that, we have an extremely active program from our -- the procurement side where we have a major initiative in procurement automation, but we also have procurement working with our -- interestingly with our suppliers in the Far East who provide us PCBAs. They have access to components that go into those PCBAs and they're helping us get some of the computer chips and other components that we need. And we also have some dedicated people in the Far East doing the same thing. So it's a combination. Take the $40 million, push it forward. Then take $40 million from next -- this current quarter, push it forward, pull in some stuff where we can and kind of as I said before we're navigating it. I think so far, we've done okay.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. And last question Robert, you alluded to a fairly strong book-to-bill in Marine. Can you give us a sense of book-to-bill in the various segments Digital Imaging and the A&D and... 
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Sure, Jim. Let me start with Marine. I gave that. In environmental and test and measurement, it's 1.05 in Q3. Recall that we had -- in T&M we had record sales in Q3. So 1.05 is pretty good. Digital Imaging I'd say 1.12; AD&E which is our Defense and Aerospace businesses 1.06; Engineered Systems 1.05 about Jim; and overall, that brings it to about 1.1.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. Thanks very much. Congratulations on the quarter.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: And we'll move to the line of Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning, guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning.
Andrew Buscaglia: On that book-to-bill comment, can you -- within Digital Imaging, can you indicate how bookings are for FLIR?
Robert Mehrabian: They're modest, but they're in the 1.1 in the Digital Imaging side. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Okay. So still above 1 though? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Okay. And then -- sorry what was that? 
Robert Mehrabian: No I said in the Digital Imaging side. The total -- yes. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And you talked fairly positively about government. You're still gaining your fair share of government awards potentially. Would FLIR help -- are there any related to FLIR that you could talk to? And then maybe not so much near term, but anything you see on the horizon in 2022 as that was always kind of a sore spot for them in terms of winning new awards that are meaningful? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I got to tell you that we're holding our own there. Things have moved a little to the right. Probably we got some nice orders especially for example in the US border control where we delivered light vehicle surveillance systems. We have some DARPA program on -- that could lead to other activities in the personal protected biosystems. Overall, I think we're holding our own there and I expect we'd do okay. But again, Andrew what is -- to me what's important is, even if you look at our government businesses with FLIR, we have a balanced portfolio. And unfortunately, they may have suffered a little bit because too focused the portfolio. We have a balanced portfolio between our Engineered Systems, the FLIR unmanned both ground and air systems and integrated systems. And then we have of course our Defense programs in our Aerospace and Defense. So we gained about 3.5% in those programs -- in our government programs in Q3. That may sound modest when you look at the overall growth of 11.9% organic, but I'm happy with that. If we can keep that pace in this time going forward, we should be okay. 
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And maybe just lastly, you're seeing some of your longer-cycle businesses pick up a bit. I know it's small, but can you just comment on what's going on with Energy specifically your sales tied to Energy exposure? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think the first is because of the oil prices, we expect that we get about a 3% increase from 2021 to 2022 in total sales from let's say, $150 million up maybe to $175 million. That's a little more than 3%, as I think about it but -- that's more like 2.1%. But having said that, again, I'll fall back on what we've constructed our portfolio. We get 3% here 4% there. We get Defense. We get Energy. We get our short-cycle businesses. And then of course Digital Imaging, we're hitting on all cylinders there. We think we're going to be okay. So, there's upside in Energy, but I'm not counting on it to move the whole company. The whole company would move because of all the pieces that we have put together that protect us by the way on the downside as you well know Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Thanks Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. Do we have any other questions coming up.
Operator: Currently we just have -- Joe's line is open and nobody's following Joe. 
Robert Mehrabian: Okay. Joe? 
Joe Giordano: Guys can you hear me? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Yes. 
Joe Giordano: So you kind of hinted at this already, but if you were to kind of think about FLIR ex the EST, what do you think is like the true growth rate that you're exiting 2021 into '22? And is that kind of a sustainable rate into '22?
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, if you subtract out EST which as I mentioned, we had no revenue this year, I think it would be in the mid-single digits, just like we think Teledyne should be.
Joe Giordano: Yes. And then, if you were to contemplate -- yes, go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: No. I'll just say this. When we started the year, we -- Joe, when we started the year, we said our organic growth would be 5.5% to 6%. As we get to summertime in July, we said it'd be 6.6%. And then, when we came today, I said it'd be between 7% and 7.5%, 7.25%. So, I'm hoping and I use the word hoping that when I say mid-single digits like 5% that would be a good beginning for us next year.
Joe Giordano: Yes. Understood. If you're talking about getting to like an $80 million run rate in savings by mid '22 for FLIR, what does that kind of imply for a margin there? I mean, if you want to talk EBITDA, whatever is easiest to talk about?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think, I mentioned earlier, we anticipate to improve our margins 50 to 60 basis points across the company year-over-year. And whether it's non-GAAP or EBITDA -- by the way, our EBITDA now is about -- this quarter was 24.2%. I think that will help improve our non-GAAP margins up. For FLIR today, it's about 24%, which is significantly higher than we've enjoyed historically. And for 2021 our overall margin, we expect the non-GAAP margin, which excludes of course the intangibles and cost stuff associated with the purchase accounting. If you go to 21% and if we can enjoy 50 basis points on top of that, some of the contribution -- FLIR's contribution coming from FLIR, we'd be very happy with that. Again, bear with me on this Joe. I'm giving you what I'm seeing in January happening throughout next year. As we get to January, if nothing terrible happens in the world, hopefully we'll do better. But right now, I'll stay with the 50 basis points.
Joe Giordano: And then just one last question more high level. There's been talk -- stories recently about China with nuclear gliders and suborbital and -- can you just talk about like what this means for space-based detection and sensing and where you guys are positioned there and how that market can develop further, given like kind of new threats that we need to deal with?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. We have two examples that I can give you. One of them is, in our Engineered Systems segment. We have a contract, where we're developing a wind tunnel for vehicles that are of the nature that you just mentioned. And that's very important because to test hypersonic vehicles, you want to have a wind tunnel to be able to do that -- a hot wind tunnel. We have a small program, $50 million, which we think will be followed by another bigger program that is specifically for hypersonic vehicles. On the other side, we do have sensors in the A&D segment of FLIR and also especially that -- I meant Digital Imaging in general. But we have sensors that are being developed and used computers -- edge computers that are located on various vehicles for detection of high-speed missiles. And if that market starts growing then we do have a series of products. And then we have one that, I cannot describe too much. We do have a very strong program  programs I say, multiple programs in our imaging businesses here in Thousand Oaks that's the one that locates infrared and other sensors on satellites and space vehicles. And those are classified programs and we're enjoying some really good opportunities. That actually led to growth of our imaging programs.
Joe Giordano: Thanks, guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much.
Operator: We do have a follow-up question. We'll go to the line of Mike Maugeri with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Mike Maugeri: Hey. Thanks for let in me back-on. Unless, I missed it somewhere Robert, would you be able to go around the horn on the change in growth rate at the segments that drove the change in guidance?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Let me see. I can do that. So in July, we anticipated that the growth rate in Instruments would be about 6%, 6.2% and we expect that to continue. In Digital Imaging in July, we anticipated about 11.8%. We're raising that to about 13%. In our Aerospace and Defense segment in July, we anticipated 4.4% about and now we think it'll be closer to 6%. Engineered Systems we expect it to shrink about 1.7%, and it will shrink 1.7%. When you add those up, Mike in July we anticipated that our organic growth would be about 6.6%. If you add the numbers up that I just mentioned round them up, it'll be between 7% to 7.5% let's say, 7.25% organic growth. And that's kind of going around the horn as you mentioned.
Mike Maugeri: Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure.
Operator: And currently, no further questions in queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Brad. I'll now ask Jason to conclude the conference call please.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again, if anyone has follow-up questions my number is on the earnings release. Please feel free to call and e-mail me. And Brad, if you could give the replay information and conclude the call we'd be appreciative. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, the conference will be available for replay after 10:00 a.m. Pacific today and running through November 27 at midnight. You can access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1866-207-1041 and entering the access code 7478140. International parties may dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers again are 1866-207-1041 and international 402-970-0847 with the access code 7478140. That does conclude our call for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Teledyne Second Quarter Earnings Call 2021.  As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. And Id now like to turn the conference over to your host, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you and good morning everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Executive Vice President, and Id like to welcome everyone to Teledynes second quarter earnings release conference call. And of course, we released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason and good morning and thank you for joining our earnings call. For over two decades now, we have continuously improved our portfolio of businesses, our operations and our financial performance, and along the way, significantly compounded earnings, cash flow and shareholder returns. It is worth noting that just over 10 years ago, a major milestone occurred when we divested our aviation piston engine business and all of its associated liabilities. While initiated earlier, immediately following that divestiture, we accelerated our pace of change by making increasingly significant and successful acquisitions within our digital imaging and instrumentation businesses. Our recent acquisition of FLIR accelerates Teledynes evolution into a more attractive higher margin industrial technology company, while at the same time maintaining our balanced portfolio, primarily focused on commercial markets, but with a resilient and predictable backbone of government businesses. For example, in the second quarter of 2021, 75% of total company sales were derived from U.S. commercial and international customers and 25% of sales from the U.S. government. In the past several weeks, we have made rapid progress integrating FLIR by implementing Teledyne processes such as acceleration of financial forecasting and reporting, increasing visibility of sales and costs across the organization while continuing to enhance players compliance standards. Furthermore, we have eliminated significant corporate overhead, consultants and other third-party service providers. And as a result, we now expect to achieve our annualized cost savings target of $80 million before the end of 2022 as approach to 2024 as described in our final merger proxy.
Al Pichelli: Thank you, Robert. In our Digital Imaging segment, second quarter sales increased 143.9%, largely due to the FLIR acquisition, but organic growth was 17%. Segment operating margin was 14.6% and 27.5% when adjusting for transaction costs and purchase accounting, although this was unusually high as Robert mentioned earlier. In our Instrumentation segment, overall second quarter sales increased 10.6% versus last year. Sales of environmental instruments increased 19.6% from last year. Sales of most product categories increased and total quarterly sales were just slightly lower than the peak level before the COVID pandemic. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems were exceptionally strong and increased 24.6% year-over-year to record levels. Sales of our marine instrumentation decreased 4.5% in the quarter. However, orders were the strongest in the last five quarters with the second quarter book-to-bill of 1.13. Overall, Instrumentation segment operating profit increased 33.2%, with segment operating margin increasing over 360 basis points with or without intangible asset amortization. Moving to the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, second quarter sales increased 6.5%, driven by an 8.1% growth in defense, space and industrial sales, combined with flat year-over-year sales of commercial aerospace products. GAAP segment operating profit increased 62.3%, with margins 640 basis points greater than last year. In the Engineered Systems segment, second quarter revenue decreased 1.5%, primarily due to greater sales from missile defense and marine manufacturing programs more than offset by lower sales of electronic manufacturing services products and turbine engines as we exited the cruise missile engine business at the end of the first quarter. Despite slightly lower sales, segment operating profit and margin increased slightly when compared with last year. I will now turn the call to Sue who will offer some additional commentary regarding the third quarter and our full year 2021 earnings outlook.
Sue Main: Thank you, Al and good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and Al and then I will discuss our third quarter and full year 2021 outlook. In the second quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $211.3 million, including all acquisition-related. Excluding acquisition-related cash costs, net of tax, cash from operations was $278.0 million compared with cash flow of $155.8 million for the same period of 2020. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures excluding acquisition-related costs, was $257.2 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared with $139.2 million in 2020. Capital expenditures were $20.8 million in the second quarter compared to $16.6 million for the same period of 2020.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: Yes, thank you.  Our first question comes from Mike Maugeri with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Mike Maugeri: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the time. Can you just add some color around the operating performance at legacy Digital Imaging? You touched on it a bit with the 6 weeks versus the 8 weeks, but can you just color in some of that performance?
Robert Mehrabian: Right. Thanks Mike. On the legacy Digital Imaging business standalone, the margins were 24.4%. And that of last year, if you add back the intangibles, the margins were 21.5%. So in the legacy Digital Imaging, the margins improved about 280 basis points.
Mike Maugeri: Okay, thats great. And what sort of drove that, were there some sort of cost initiatives or was it just mix, any other color?
Robert Mehrabian: Both. Our cost from a  labor costs were maintained flat year-over-year and sales increased 17% and the other one was the mix margin. We had better mix of machine vision, which has our highest margins.
Mike Maugeri:
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Our primary objective this year, Mike, in capital deployment is to reduce our debt as fast as we can. We have  we expect to generate more cash the rest of the year and we anticipate that by year end this year, our debt-to-cap would be better than what we projected or about 3.3x in terms of ratio of net debt to EBITDA. We also expect that by the end of 2022 we can reduce that net debt to EBITDA to 2.7x, which is where at the high end of what we feel is comfortable for us. So, our immediate task is to pay down debt  generate cash, pay down debt. Having said all of that, we do have the capacity to make smaller bolt-on acquisitions that we have done historically and we would do that if such opportunities arise.
Mike Maugeri: Great. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hey guys. Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Giordano: So I know its early to talk 2022, but can you just give us some high-level thoughts on how FLIR contribution starts to look on a normalized basis for a full year once we  if we start thinking about $80 million in run rate savings into next year?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me start with what we have this year, Joe, if I may. As I mentioned before, we think that on a non-GAAP basis, we will have an upside of about  with $2 to $2.20 in terms of earnings. If we can maintain that momentum for next year, where we would enjoy probably the full year benefit of the cost reduction, I would say we may be able to increase that to as high as $2.50 from this years $2 and $2.20. The only reason I say that is the full year dilution we will experience from share count. Our share count in Q3, Q2 was 43.7%, 44 million shares. Next year, full year, we will have a 48 million share count plus as we will have in Q3, Q4 of this year. So there is going to be some of that. And frankly, the other side of it to is that we havent really had an opportunity to put all of our internal cost reduction inside FLIR for next year yet. These cost reductions we spoke about were generally related to corporate expenses, employee expenses, costs and third-party expenses and consultants. The  I hope that therell be other opportunities that we can enjoy over the 22, but its only 8 weeks in. Its a little hard to predict right now.
Joe Giordano: So you brought the $80 million in 2 years, basically. What are your thoughts on upside to that target? I know its still pretty early, but thoughts on like longer term there and maybe on revenue synergy potential from the deal?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I would say, Joe, I would raise that to $100 million from $80 million to $100 million on the upside. I would say from a revenue synergies, we havent looked at that very carefully, but there are areas that we intend to enjoy some synergies. Specifically, for example, FLIR has, as you know, a pretty strong gray marine business and marine thermal products business. We have a very broad portfolio of marine underwater as well as sonar and other products, so there should be some synergies there. There is also going to be synergies in our unmanned products. FLIR is very strong in UAVs and ground-based unmanned vehicles. And of course, we have a tremendous portfolio of underwater vehicles, so we think there might be revenue synergies for both of us there. So thats the beginning, were kind of looking at it right now. And finally, Id say FLIR does have an extremely good channel for some of our  some of their products, which we might be able to enjoy in some of our own infrared products through those channels.
Joe Giordano: And then just last for me. I know you mentioned FLIR, you expect $1.3 billion in sales this year. What does that take  if you had  if you owned it for the full year, what do you think organic for FLIR is in 2021? And what do you think like a more normalized growth rate is once we get over the comps from like the thermal sensing with COVID?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think, as you know, last year, the full year revenue was $1.923 billion. We expect it, on a full year basis, to remain flat at about $1.915 billion, $1.9 billion, $1.92 billion. So flat. Having said that, as you mentioned, Joe, the big headwind that we have year-over-year in Teledyne FLIR is that last year, they enjoyed about $100 million of elevated skin temperature product sales. This year, thats gone away, essentially disappeared. So were making that up with other products, some of it in the solutions business, some of it in marine and some of it in the defense business, especially in the unmanned integrated systems businesses. So that kind of sets the tone year-over-year of no growth but being able to offset the $100 million of headwind in UIS  I mean in ESP. Having said that, I am going to look forward to just enjoying the same kind of growth that we enjoyed this year, excluding ESP. If you take that out of the $1.92 billion, the rest of the portfolio grew about 5% organically. So my expectation would be that if everything else being equal and no wheels come off the truck, that we will be able to enjoy that next year.
Joe Giordano: Alright, thanks. I will jump back in queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, good morning. 
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Jim.
Jim Ricchiuti: Congratulations on this first quarter with FLIR. Robert, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about how we might think about the gross margins of the combined company going forward as you really move through the integration process?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, thats a very good question. So let me see if I can answer it properly. Our gross margins as Teledyne, as a standalone company, historical margins have been around 39%  38% to 39%. Last year, it was up 38.3%. This year first quarter was 38.9%. And second quarter, on a non-GAAP basis, excluding the one-time costs. I think whats going to happen at the gross margins, if you take ours in 2020 at 38. 3%, I think itd be safe to say that we can move that up to 43%, maybe 43.3%. And that would be a nice 4% improvement in gross margin with Teledyne FLIR. Thats about the best I can do at this time forward this year. We are right now looking at what will happen in the future. Again, let me go back and emphasize one thing. Because of the hockey stick nature of the revenue in Q2 at FLIR, the SG&A for Q2 was significantly lower than it normalized should be. It was more like 20%, and it really should be between an average about 25% to 27%. So thats Im factoring those in at this time.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. Thats helpful. And what can you say about this hockey stick performance from FLIR in Q2? What contributed to that? And if I may, just a question, and then Ill jump back into the queue, if you or Al, could you just give us any flavor for how your bookings look for the combined company? Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Jim. First, the hockey stick nature. I think thats been a historical practice at Teledyne FLIR. They have always shipped more in the last 2 weeks of the month than in the first 2 weeks of the month. And the last 2 weeks of the quarter, I should say, in the last 2 weeks of the year. Now were not exactly totally blameless ourselves. We  I cant say our revenues are totally linear, but weve worked very, very hard over the years to linearize our revenues within the month and within the quarter, month-over-month, everybody has to report on the revenues and bookings weekly. So this is an issue that doesnt have an overnight answer. But were going to work very hard to introduce some of our own practices, working with the FLIR segment execs, sub-segment execs, which, by the way, are really outstanding and get that linearize the shipment. The pager of doing that is that you come down to the end of the month or end of the quarter, something happens or something doesnt get shipped now youve really suffered. You suffered in revenue, you suffered in earnings. So were going to work on that. Let me go back to book-to-bill, the question you asked. In terms of Teledyne, stand-alone first, what Id call legacy Teledyne at this point. We expect that our book-to-bill in  will be above one especially in instruments, I think it will be about 1.7. That includes very strong orders in marine, as I mentioned, in the second and third quarter. In Digital Imaging, excluding FLIR, it was about 1.16 in Q2. But FLIR is below 1. So combined, we think we will be slightly over 1 in Q2 by 1.03, 1.04. Aerospace and Defense in Teledyne good orders bookings, the book-to-bill is about 1.2. Engineered Systems, which is very lumpy is about 1.17. So overall, Id say, including Teledyne FLIR, were going to be over 1 in Q2, maybe 1.06, 1.07.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. Thanks very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning. 
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Konrad: Just to start on organic growth. I mean, you brought up the forecast for the year a bit to 6.5, which is a little bit of acceleration from what you saw in Q2. You gave some color around Digital Imaging. But can you maybe talk about different segments, expectations for organic growth and maybe how that changed and maybe where there is risks and opportunities in the back half of the year?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Greg, first, if you go back to January of 2021, we project the net organic growth of about 5.5%, 5.6%. In April, things were started improving with projected organic growth of about 6%. And in this earnings weve moved that up to 6.6%. Thats overall what I would say, legacy Teledyne that excluding the FLIR acquisition. If you break that down into its components, instruments, we anticipate with some risks in there, about 6.2%. Digital Imaging, 11.8%, almost 12% for the year, thats our fastest moving business. We think in Aerospace and Defense, especially now, were seeing a little more recovery in the aerospace businesses. We think that will be about 4.4%, 4.5%. And we see a slight  decrease in Engineered Systems something of the order of 1.5%, primarily because, as Al said, we dont have the turbine engines for the rest of the year. You roll out of that up you end up with 6.5%, 6.6%. Now if the economy continues to improve at a pace that its going, especially in our Instrumentation and Digital Imaging businesses, we could improve on that somewhat. But right now, to the best of our ability to project, were projecting revenue for the year about  without FLIR, about 3290, and with FLIR about 4582.
Greg Konrad: Thats very helpful. And then you gave a little color on Digital Imaging margins, but Instrumentation was also very impressive in the quarter. I mean, how do you think about margins there? Was that mix? I mean  and obviously, marine was down a little bit. I mean, how do you see those margins kind of playing out?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me start with Instrumentation overall. Yes, marine was a little down, but it was down in revenue. The margins were pretty healthy overall, Instrumentation margin in Q2, on a non-GAAP basis. The reason Im doing this non-GAAP is we do have some intangibles that come in all of these groups. And to compare year-over-year, if I do it non-GAAP, excludes Teledyne legacy GAAP  I mean intangible amortization. Last year, Instrumentation overall margin was 20.4%. This year Q2 is 24%, and we expect to finish the year at 23.2%, which would be almost a 200 basis point improvement, 193 basis point improvement over 2020. And I would distribute that to the fact that the mix of businesses are very good. Our environmental businesses are doing very well and our T&M businesses, which have really high margins because of our oscilloscopes and, of course, our protocols, those margins are superior. So almost 200 basis point improvement year-over-year in Instruments margin, including Marine is  were very happy about that. In legacy Digital Imaging, again, our margins for Q2 were really good at 24.4% versus last years Q2 of 21.5%. We anticipate to end the year, that is excluding Teledyne FLIR, with margins of 23.1% versus last years of a 21.5%, 21.4%, so an improvement of 175 basis points. FLIR, of course, we had tremendous margin in Q2, just 30%, slightly over. I think that will come down closer to 22% as the year goes on based on the hockey stick nature that I described before. And so overall, Digital Imaging should end up about this year about 22.7% with Teledyne FLIR. Our Aerospace and Defense businesses are doing really well, but year-over-year comparisons of we think we will end the year at 18.8% margins, which is 492 basis points improvement over last year, but last year we took some one-time charges, we took a lot of cost out of that the Aerospace side of the business, but nevertheless, thats almost a 500 basis point improvement in margin. And I expect Engineered Systems to be relatively flat. Roll all of that up, we  from a segment perspective, on a non-GAAP basis, we should enjoy margins of 21. 3% based on everything I know right now, versus last year, 18.7%. And if you throw in the corporate expenses, again, I should reiterate on a non-GAAP basis, we will end up about 20% in margin versus 16.8% last year, which is over 300 basis points improvement. Does that help?
Greg Konrad: Yes, thats perfect. And just one last one for me, kind of big picture. I mean, Teledyne has always been consistent with, lets say, biased to the upside, whether thats margin expansion each year or organic growth through the cycle. I mean, how do you think about this  the FLIR acquisition changing the enterprise? I mean, I get a lot of questions about 2022. You already pulled forward the synergies from when you first expected. How does it kind of change the opportunity set, whether its annual margin expansion or organic growth as we kind of go forward?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me start by saying behaviors dont change. We are going to be the same. We are not going to change. We are going to be conservative in our projections. We are always going to try and do better than that. We dont like taking risks by being too effervescent in our projections. Having said that, having met more the FLIR executive team and they make presentations to the Board gives for them next three days, all of them are going to be working with us. They are really good. They have three outstanding executives that reports to our Executive Vice President, Edwin Roks. And we anticipate they were the same as the rest of Teledyne. Focus on cost, focus on improving margins, focus on growing their top line and where appropriate, we will make the small acquisitions until we pay down our debt. I dont expect our behavior to change. We will keep improving.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning. Thats Berenberg. So, can you  hey, Robert...
Robert Mehrabian:
Arabian 4059:
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes, right. Well, yes, Robert, thanks appreciate your candidates on the call. And I was wondering, can you add on to the kind of the last comment, can you talk a little bit about what are you seeing with FLIR that has surprised you, whether its good or bad? It sounds like some of these managers are surprising you in terms of the quality of how they are operating. But is there anything you would like to disclose that you didnt expect  since having made the acquisition or vice versa where you are surprised that some growth potential you see where you didnt expect that to be the case when you initially bought FLIR. Anything you could add there would be great.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, when we look at the FLIR portfolio, there are really four segments made out of former eight businesses. Three of the segments which would be the Solutions segment, the components or OEM segment and the Unmanned Integrated Systems segment, which comprise about $1.5 billion of the $1.9 billion. We are pleasantly impressed with those three segments. They have good leadership in the three segments with Roger Wells, leading UIS, Paul Clayton, leading OEM and Components and Roger  and Rickard Lindvall, leading the solution businesses. These are really healthy businesses. From their personnel perspective, well I wasnt surprised because we have visited them many, many times before the acquisition. I was very pleased not only with what we have seen, but also their presentations, yesterday to the Board were just superb. The fourth sub-segment is the one that has some issues. And thats the Surveillance segment, which is about $400 million. Whats happened there in that segment is that they have had multiple leadership changes, almost annually for the last 4 years to 5 years. There have been kind of milking that cow for the last few years in terms of cash. And they have not paid attention to new product development as much as they should. In that case, what we have done is we have done something  we brought in a Teledyne executive that worked for us before back to run that business. We have this Teledyne executive, her name is JihFen Lei, regarded to run the surveillance business. She used to be one of our executives in our digital imaging business. She went to the government to DoD to work in the research and technology groups. She ended up this year as acting  for DoDs Research and Technology programs, huge program all of the laboratories, all of the businesses. She just joined us two weeks ago. So, I was able to  fortunate to bring her back and she has been here two and a half weeks. She will lead the Surveillance segment which is the one that we need to work on. And I know she will fix that with her job and will get her new products in there and put that on a healthy footing. Having said that, once we solve that I think the four sub-segments are going to be superb with the leadership and then with  and then with the combination with legacy Teledyne companies, with all the synergies we can enjoy. We have great aspirations that works for the combined company.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay, thats helpful. What  I am curious with the decisions you have put, we are all under digital imaging, why dont you break that up with your aerospace and defense exposure and  is that a possibility in the future?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think the arrangements of the segments are a possibility. But you are going to rock before you start thinking about running. So, safe now keeping it where it is and then drawing lines of communication and collaboration is what we are doing. For example, one of the things we have done very successfully over the last 3 years at Teledyne is our procurement initiatives. We have significant savings that have come out of our procurement. We bought about $1.2 billion worth of products. FLIR buys another $700 million, $800 million of products. We are going to introduce our procurement initiatives there. Eventually, we may do some realignment, but not right now.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And lastly, Robert, I thought it was  its impressive if you can hit these net debt-to-EBITDA targets that you put out there. Do you care to provide some color on what free cash flow could be this year or how to think about that? I realize its kind of a messy couple of quarters.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, it is. I think the way I look at it is where we are going to end up the year, everything else being equal. Sue mentioned where we were in Q2, we had a really good Q2. We think we will be around $750 million to $800 million, excluding charges. I want to get there because we want to increase our available cash to pay-down debt from what is now about $670 million, $680 million to over $1 billion, so we can do that. On a go-forward basis, if we didnt  if we dont have those charges and we go-forward, so I think $1 billion is a nice number and I feel comfortable of if one can get that number may be in 22, maybe I think 23 would be more healthier because we have some more expenses in 22.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Maugeri with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Mike Maugeri: Hi. Thanks for getting me back in. Its contingent gears in your commercial aerospace business and I know that ACES is certifying 320 now, but have you seen any demand indicators that have them with sort of point toward a change in behavior on monitoring the cabin environment post-COVID. And then generally just those types of products. Do you sell those to the manufacturers or ? Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Right. As  products in the aftermarket coming out of controls even directly to airlines and we have a decline Mike. We have at least two major airlines testing their cabin environmental sensors. We have great folks for that. As you know we qualified the 737 before in March and then we have surveillance of A-320 which was the bulk of the carriers. We are right now introducing those just to give it to them for a free use and they can test it. But we are not going to do that. So, we have high expectations for that. Just like in some ways there were many versions were mean to reduce the wireless ground make many years ago. Overall on the aerospace businesses things are picking up flat this quarter, year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter. But these are picking up. We are seeing something like in the second quarter orders about 1.2 book to bill. And thats very healthy for us because thats a high margin business also. So, we are initially with the Boeing putting their vaccine operation and some of the other airlines specially becoming profitable and we are optimistic that this business will come back slowly, but surely.
Mike Maugeri: Thanks.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure Mike.
Operator: You have a question from Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hi guys. Thanks for getting me back on. I was going to ask about free cash flow. But Robert I think you just answered it a question ago. So, maybe I will just finish with maybe not a bunch going on, but in your space launches and whats going on in the commercial landscape. Can you maybe just talk about what gives you excited in the space as opposed to you whether its through NASA or European Space Agency or commercial like where you think you are best positioned where you are most excited about?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think first and foremost, we really like our job working  and visible in the space domain, anything to do with satellites. We practically supply all of the detectors for space-based observation, both looking out and looking to the earth, including a lot of the environmental studies, whether its carbon or whatever. We own a big chunk of that market. But now we are moving to the classified space. So, we have some great imaging products in the classified space programs. Now in the space travel as whatever color you want to call that. Yes, we make some products for  in terms of equipment, but we are not that involved in there right now. I think our focus has to be remained with sensors and information technologies for the immediate future, where we have a strategic advantage because we can make infrared sensors and nobody else can. And with each of these visible sensors, and now having other channels with FLIR for our infrared products, we think that would be the place I see an upside for us. I dont know if  I am a little cautious on commercial space development. We do have some piece of communication in the OneWeb program, as you know, that everybody wants to build  satellites and based upon the  you can imagine.
Joe Giordano: Yes, definitely. And just one quick clarification, when you said $1 billion in cash flow for 22, 23 something like that, was that a free cash flow comment or is that operating cash flow? Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thats free.
Joe Giordano: Thats what I thought. Thanks.
Robert Mehrabian: I moved it a year the minute you said free
Joe Giordano: I got it.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. Operator, are there any other questions.
Operator: There is no one else in the queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. In that case, I would like to ask Jason to conclude our conference call. And I want to thank all of you for doing so much homework to ask questions that kept me on my toes. Thank you. Jason?
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again, thanks, everyone, for being on our call today. If you have other follow-up questions or seek more detail, you can always call me as usual with the number in the earnings release. So Amy, if you would go ahead and give the replay information. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. This conference will be available for replay starting today at 10 a.m. Pacific through midnight on August 28. The dial-in number is 1-866-207-1041 with an access code of 1317751. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Event conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Teledyne first quarter earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will have a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time.  As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. I would now like to turn our conference over to the host, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Good morning. Thank you everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Executive Vice President and I would like to welcome folks to our first quarter 2021 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Jason and good morning and thank you for joining our earnings call. We began 2021 with a best first quarter sales, earnings, operating margin and cash flow in the company's history. Furthermore, we achieved these GAAP results despite incurring $39 million or $0.79 per share of expenses related to the pending acquisition of FLIR. Excluding these nonrecurring charges, earnings increased 39.2% compared to last year. Operating margin increased 426 basis points and our free cash flow nearly doubled. In addition, I am very pleased with the breadth of our financial performance across Teledyne. Year-over-year sales increased in nearly every major business category except commercial aerospace, which is now only 4% of our total sales. The recovery in our short cycle commercial business is unfolding nicely. And our government businesses are also growing and performing well in both cases, strongest within our digital imaging segment. Also in the first quarter, we received all-time record orders, with a book-to-bill of 1.15X, resulting in quarter-end backlog of approximately $1.8 billion. Given our strong first quarter, we now think a reasonable outlook for the total company organic sales growth in 2021 is approximately 6%, led by forecasted growth of about 10% in digital imaging, excluding FLIR. And now, with respect to the FLIR acquisition. Over the last few months, while transaction certainty progressively increased, Teledyne performed in-person visits covering 90% of all FLIR owned sites, several on multiple occasions. Most importantly, we were also granted access to the operating management in all key functional areas. To summarize, FLIR's people, products, technology and manufacturing are outstanding. I am now even more excited about the prospect FLIR as part of the Teledyne family.
Al Pichelli: Thank you Robert. In our instrumentation segment, overall first quarter sales increased 0.5% versus last year. Sales of environmental instruments increased 5% from last year. Sales of most product categories increased with the strongest year-over-year organic growth resulting from the gas and flame detection products acquired in 2019. Sales of our electronic test and measurement systems increased 4.8% year-over-year. Sales of marine instrumentation decreased 6.7% in the quarter. However our operating profit increased due to aggressive cost management and business simplification and stabilization initiatives. Overall, instruments segment operating margin increased 291 basis points to 20.7%. Turning to digital imaging segment. First quarter sales increased 6.7%. GAAP segment operating margin was 19.7%, an increase of 200 basis points year-over-year. Now, turning to the aerospace and defense electronics segment. First quarter sales declined 3.3% as greater defense sales were more than offset by the 28.5% decline in sales of commercial aerospace products. GAAP segment operating margin increased over 1,000 basis points to 18.7% versus 8.6% in 2020. In the engineered systems segment, first quarter revenue increased 8.5%, primarily due to greater sales from defense and other manufacturing programs as well as electronic manufacturing services products. Segment operating margin increased 242 basis points when compared with last year. I will now turn the call to Sue, who will offer some additional commentary regarding the second quarter and our full year 2021 outlook.
Sue Main: Thank you Al and good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and Al and then I will discuss our second quarter and full year 2021 outlook. In the first quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $124.9 million, compared with cash flow of $76.4 million for the same period of 2020.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Sean, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: . Our first question is going to come from the line of Greg Konrad from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Greg.
Greg Konrad: Maybe just to start on margins before I get to full year. I mean it seems like a lift in instrumentation and engineered systems. You are probably running well ahead of the guidance that you laid out last quarter. Can you maybe just update us on your thoughts on organic margins for the year?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Greg, the instrumentation, when we started the year, probably because it's primarily a short cycle business, we were not sure about how much revenue and therefore margins we would have. So we projected margin improvement of about 10 basis points. We think the margins are now going to be closer to 140 basis points for the year, which is an increase of about 130 basis points.
Greg Konrad: That's helpful. And then you mentioned that you guys have visited over 90% of the FLIR sites. I mean any update just when we think about synergies or maybe some of the potential longer term revenue synergies, if anything surprising as you continue the diligence into the close?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think the most important thing that we found out in our visits were the quality of the operations and the people. We really haven't focused yet on revenue synergies, well, we have looked at synergies in the operating area, primarily by using some of the methodology, Greg, that we have used in our own operations such as procurement savings which have been substantial for us last year and are supposed to be the same this year as well as the some of the cost reductions that we mentioned earlier vis--vis the $40 million of cost savings that we expect to enjoy in the first year and growing to $80 million over time. So those would be the synergies at this time. In terms of revenue synergies, we haven't really looked at that very closely. And frankly, we operate in different markets. There are things we can't obviously look at very quickly would be, how do we jointly go to market team in areas where we have complementary products.
Greg Konrad: And then just last one. I mean I remember back to e2v, you gave us adjusted numbers because there were large expenses and you kind of did that this quarter and I am assuming that will continue going forward. But any updated thoughts on, even if it's not the presented number, at least presenting ex-amortization just given that's probably going to be fairly accretive as you get into next year?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think the EPS accretion, it need to be, were substantial, partially because there we really improved margins. For FLIR on the other hand, if we exclude intangibles, which as you said would be substantial and the one-time costs that we will, we think that in 2022 we should have EPS accretion of about 20% or more. Of course, again, excluding the intangibles, which is substantial.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Greg.
Operator: Thank you. And then next, we are going to go to the line of Blake Gendron from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Blake Gendron: Yes. Thanks for your time this morning. I just want to follow-up on the synergy question, maybe not so much focused on cost or revenue but working capital here in terms of supply chain overlap. Is there any way we can think about maybe free cash conversion on a standalone basis versus incremental synergies there when you combine the two entities?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think, again, to do this properly, Blake, I have to exclude the one-time charges because while we have some handle on our charges at the time for the rest of the year, we don't have a really good handle on what FLIR's charges would be. The one area I think the conversion overall is going to be better than 100%. Having said that, inventory built up at FLIR, from what we saw in 2019 and 2020, was substantial and partially because of the elevated skin temperature programs that they enjoyed. So they have a significant inventory built up in that and some other areas that we have to look at very carefully. And we may have to write those up. We may have to write those down. But we will see as we get to it. But overall, our projections are that we ourselves should have free cash flow that slightly surpasses last year. And last year was a record year for us at $547 million, $445 million. So if we can exceed that ourselves and do well with the FLIR cash flow, that's very important, Blake, because we intend to pay down our debt as fast as we possibly can over the next two years.
Blake Gendron: That's really helpful color. I wanted to switch gears to digital imaging. You called out strength in some of the short cycle markets, specifically industrial, scientific and geospatial. Does that include healthcare? Because we are seeing hospital volumes improve. So I am wondering if that could be an incremental tailwind as we move forward here and into vaccine rollout and normalization? And then, very small to go to a commercial aero in digital imaging but wondering how you expect that to evolve over the medium to longer term?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with the healthcare. Healthcare, year-over-year, 2019 to 2020, we had about a 13.7% decrease in revenue from $255 million to $220 million. This year, we are starting to see some improvement and we anticipate that between our CMOS X-ray panels as well as some of the equipment that we supply for X-ray sources, we would have an increase of about 9% over last year to approximately $240 million. So that kind of speaks to what you just said. The recovery is a little slower than we anticipated but it is there. We getting some really good orders in that domain, more in the flat panel displays with the X-ray sources kind of lagging a little bit but still coming up. Going back to the question vis--vis regular, the commercial systems. Commercial aero in digital imaging, first it's small. Second,, it's not that dependent on airline traffic. It's different than anything else. It's primarily in space domain. And we have not seen any deterioration there and actually we think that that on our aerospace and defense in the digital imaging domain, we think we will see about a 7% improvement in revenue this year from $270 million last year to maybe to $290 million this year. So the only area of aerospace that we are taking some punishment is in the aerospace businesses in Teledyne's normal defense and aerospace domain.
Blake Gendron: Makes sense. I really appreciate the time. Thanks for the answers.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure Blake.
Operator: Thank you. Then next, we will go to the line of Jim Ricchiuti from Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi. Good morning. Just a couple of questions. Just, you related to the fact that you have seen a little bit of stronger margin profile in parts of the instrumentation business. I am just wondering, as you look out into the second half of the year, where do you see the most opportunity for margin expansion in the different business units? It sounds like you are, with healthcare coming on, digital imaging margins look better.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. If you go to instrumentation, we did have some significant improvements in margin in environmental and test and measurement in the first quarter. And we expect those to continue for the rest of the year. We also had some improvement in margin in the marine businesses, even though revenue as Al mentioned, was down somewhat. We think the revenue will catch the rest of the year and as that does, the margin's there will improve also. So we think overall instrumentation, we have the best margins in environmental area, about 23%. Second best margins in our test and measurement, over 21%. And marine is approaching over 19%. So when you roll it all up, we are going to get close to 20.9% in instrumentation. And I think that's going to be healthy for us, especially if marine as we expect because of the oil prices going up to about $65 currently. If that improves, then I think that segment is going to do really well. That's why I said, our outlook for the margins has improved 130 basis points since January of this year.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. And Robert, with all of the well-publicized reports about component constraints and Al, maybe you want to respond to this, are you guys seeing any disruption in the business from this? Or are you able to manage the supply chain well enough?
Robert Mehrabian: Both. First, obviously, we are seeing constraints, Jim. There's no question about that, both in the electronics components as well as in printed circuit boards. It's affecting a lot of our businesses. But having said that, we have, even though we do have very tight control of our inventory, we have approved buying some of the critical components ahead of time. And the other thing is, because of our collaborative and across Teledyne effort in procurement, we are able now to approach our suppliers as one fairly large customer. Get their forecasts in terms of their timelines for delivering product and putting orders ahead of time. Having said all of that, we are managing it. But we also are getting products from foundries, for example, that come to our wafers that we get. In that case, we are fortunate because the guys who supplies wafers are also our customers. So in some areas, we think we are going to be okay. In other areas, I am very cautiously optimistic. But this thing can really spin out of control and then we will have to deal with it again.
Jim Ricchiuti: Yes. Okay. So last question, thank you for that. Yes, last question, just your nice bookings number for the quarter and backlog and I am just wondering as we think about the way you are characterizing the business and the acceleration and growth that seems to be suggested in the recent filings looking out to next year, where do you see the potential for accelerating growth and which areas of the business? I assume some of the businesses that have been weaker that recovered, but I am just wondering if there's anything else you can call out?
Robert Mehrabian: I think our primary areas is digital imaging. For me to say digital imaging is going to grow organically 10% year-over-year, I don't know if I have ever done something like that. So I feel pretty bullish to kind of predict that. I think we will end the year with a book-to-bill in digital imaging of 1.08, maybe 1.10. So that's our first area. I think in the instrumentation area, we are right now over one. But a lot of that is short cycle businesses. If marine comes back as we expect and the other areas come back as we expect, we think, specially in test and measurement, we could have as much as 8% growth, in environmental 6%, 6.5%. And if marine comes back, that would be another 2%. So overall, I think instrumentation should give us about 5.3%, 5.2% for the year. For us that's again very good because those are the highest margin businesses. Engineered systems, I think would be fairly flat year-over-year. We don't expect aerospace to really come back that much this year. It's probably a two year cycle. But our defense businesses are doing okay. So I anticipate in aerospace and defense combined to enjoy a 4% of revenue improvement this year. Roll all of that together and you are going to end up with about 6% for the company, which would be one of our healthier organic growth rates in revenue in the recent past.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Jim.
Operator: And then next, we are going to go to the line of Joe Giordano from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hi everyone. Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Joe.
Joe Giordano: Yes, I just wanted to talk about semiconductor and test and measurement and how you are thinking about the sustainability of strength there given some of the plans from some of the large manufacturers? I know you are more on the R&D side. But just curious for your color there?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, test and measurement, let me start there. We really enjoyed a good year in test and measurement, primarily because of being able to put out new products continuously. As you know, we have two areas that we focus on there. One of them is our oscilloscopes. And the other is protocols which are the rules that chips communicate with one another. We continue to put new products out. Like last week alone, we announced three products in oscilloscopes and protocols. But more importantly, what our guys have been able to do is marry those two businesses, those two products together. So now people can do protocol development and analysis using the oscilloscopes as real time observation of the signals. And that's going to be very good for that area. You also asked me about semi. In digital imaging is primarily where we focus on the semi market. And there as mask and wafer inspection, that's been a really good market for us. If I look at our growth in vision systems, which includes flat panel displays as well as semi inspection, we anticipate that year-over-year to be about 12% to 13% revenue growth. So that kind of speaks for that. And then lastly, I would point out one example of why digital imaging and relevant semiconductor markets are doing so well for us. We do have a product that comes off our MEMS foundry in Canada. These are pellicles which are very thin, one-tenth of a human hair thickness but six to eight inches in diameter consumable products that are used in extreme UV lithography for very fine semiconductors. They essentially are screens that protect the wafers below them. And in that area, we have really done well and have now captured that market and we have a wonderful customer there. And so overall, to answer your question, test and measurement, I talked about. And in the semi, the products that we supply to them are doing pretty well.
Joe Giordano: And just to follow up on one of the other question asked already about your ability to source components and the scarcity going on. How do you get comfortable with FLIR's ability to do that historically? And now that you are taking over there, your ability to be able to source that much in additional that you need to cover their operations as well as smoothly as you covered your own?
Robert Mehrabian: The answer is, Jim, I don't know yet. But having said that, because as I mentioned, they do have substantial inventory and we have to obviously dig into that to see what they are using. I think that would be right now an area that we will have to bring our procurement to it. On the other hand, FLIR also gets wafers and they also make a lot of their own sensors, both on the cooled and the uncooled side. So as long as we can enjoy having the wafers and as long as we can enjoy doing some of the developments, specially in antimonide for the cooled and VOx for the uncooled, I think It should be alright. But having said all of that, we just haven't looked at it that deeply. We anticipate that there would some challenges. But we will deal with those just like we deal with challenges that come up in our business.
Joe Giordano: Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Joe.
Operator: . Next, we will go to the line of Andrew Buscaglia from Berenberg Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about, so just to clarify, digital imaging, are you calling for 10% for the full year up? I know you gave the subcomponent there. And then I don't believe you talked about a couple of the segments. I don't believe you talked about margins for digital imaging or any of the electronics which at least where A&D had a really strong start to the year. So what's kind of your outlook on the margins there?
Robert Mehrabian: Okay. Let me start with the margins, please. Right now, we think digital imaging margins should go up about 150 basis points over last year well. So just north of 21%, let's say 21%. Aerospace and defense, we are going to have significant margin improvement. As Al mentioned, we had a really good uptick in the first quarter, partially because we had one-time charges last year in our aerospace but nevertheless, having said that, we think the margins are going to be approaching 18.5%, maybe 18.6%, which would be 490 basis points improvement over last year. Engineered systems going to be relatively flat. So if you take the instruments margin that I mentioned before, which was 20.9% and bring it all the way down, we think the company operating margin, I mentioned in January that we thought it would be about 17%. Now, we are projecting the total company operating margin to be closer for the year to 17.6%.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay.
Robert Mehrabian: But all of this is excluding, of course, anything that has to do with the acquisition of FLIR. I don't know whether I answered your call, your question.
Andrew Buscaglia: And digital imaging, the top-end, I know you gave some subcomponent outlook there. But I think you had called for about 9% growth for the year. Is that now closer to 10%, is what you are saying?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. It's closer to 10% led by our vision products, cameras, including scientific cameras, sensors, as I mentioned for semi flat panel display, et cetera. And everything there is all going to do well. The only way that maybe flat year-over-year is our geospatial. Everything else seems to be growing really well.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. And then lastly, I am having a little bit difficulty just getting to the midpoint of your guide. And I think it might be, should we be modeling in some transaction costs to add back? Secondly the interest expense was elevated this quarter. I guess we can't really assume a flat line, we have got to add that back up. I guess, how do you get to the midpoint of your guide with some of the below the line items?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, if you look up the guidance that Sue provided, the $12 to $12.20, that excludes FLIR's transaction costs. So you have to look at it at this time, you have to look at that excluding interest expenses related to the FLIR acquisition as well as some of the legal expenses that come above the line. Now, once we acquire FLIR, assuming the shareholders approve the transaction, then what we will do is, we will have to put the interest for the total company as part of our moving forward normal cost in GAAP. But there are going to be some other costs associated with the transaction that are going to be substantial. Those would be one-time charges and as we talked earlier, we call those intangibles. Later on also would be inventory write-ups and other things. Having said all of that, the $12 to $12.20 excludes the FLIR transaction costs which in the first quarter were about $39 million. $5.9 million of it was above the line which was legal fees and also fees for bankers. And the rest of it or about $33 million was interest and getting the bonds and redeeming some of the bonds that we already had outstanding. So I hope that answers your question. Come July, we will kind of clean this up and do it. What did we say in April, as Teledyne stands alone, how are we looking at FLIR, what we expect to happen there, we will learn a lot more about them as they do their own earnings. I think it's May 6. And then we will project what the combined company would be like with and without the one-time costs. And as I mentioned earlier, we think it's going to be a credit, even on a GAAP basis in 2022.
Andrew Buscaglia: Got it. And I was hoping, Robert, could you maybe provide a little more color on one more thing. In the S-4, the internal projection that FLIR had for their defense technology business was about 12% CAGR. It seems like as you will learn more about the company, you are talking about quality of the assets and the people. Are those some of the projections something you would sign off on that there is a lot of growth in that defense segment which just hadn't transpired for that company to-date?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start, Andrew, if I may with a little precaution. How should I put it? We are a little bit concerned that may be the projections for them were a little aggressive in the S-4. Having said that, we have now looked at their businesses a little differently than the way they reported into two segments, which is the industrial segment and the defense segment. We have gone back, Andrew and looked at the businesses from a division of perspective the way they were in 2014 which were fixed divisions. So we have gone back and fortunately they were kind enough and good enough to provide us with the financial data in those divisions. And then they have added two new things to it. And I am going to come to the defense question that you asked. One of them is a small vision products that they bought in Canada, Point Grey, which they report as part of their components business. And that business is fairly stable. It's a small business of the order of $80 million. Now coming to the next area which is new, so now they have kind of, if you look at it the way I just mentioned, they have eight divisions the way we look at it. The way we look at the defense segment, it really has one part of it that is really new and that's their unmanned systems, both UAV and ground-based unmanned system. And that has enjoyed reading good growth, primarily because they have made some good acquisitions and they have also starting with an acquisition they made in 2016, Prox Dynamics, which makes the very small UAVs. And they have enjoyed about $260 million in revenue in 2020 in that unmanned segment which is both ground-based and UAVs. That business, I think, will grow. And I think that business will grow significantly from our perspective. And I am hoping that it will grow enough to make up for some of the detriment that we see from the business that they provided, elevated skin temperature products that are going to go down maybe last year well over $100 million, go down to less than $20 million or whatever. Having said that, so we are hoping that, as you mentioned, the defense businesses because of the acquisitions are now kicking in fully years, that those would makeup the detriment in the EST business. I don't know if I have answered your question but I think that's the best I can do at this time.
Andrew Buscaglia: No, it's helpful. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Andrew.
Operator: And at this time, I have no further questions in queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Sean. I will now ask Jason VanWees to conclude our conference call. Jason?
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert. And again thanks to everyone for joining the call this morning. Of course, if you have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release. Sean, if you could end the call and provide the replay details for everyone, I would appreciate it. Good bye.
Operator: Yes. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, today's call will be available for replay after 10:00 AM today through 5/28/2021. You may access the AT&T TeleConference replay system at anytime by dialing 866-207-1041 or internationally at 402-970-0847 with an access code of 555-6868. Those numbers again are 866-207-1041 or internationally at 402-970-0847 with an access code of 555-6868. That does conclude our conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T Event Services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne Fourth Quarter Earnings Call.  I'd now like to turn our conference over to the host, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, William, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Executive Vice President at Teledyne, and I want to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter and full year earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian; President and CEO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert, Al and Sue, we will ask for your questions.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, and thank you for joining our earnings call. I'll begin by discussing our 2020 results, briefly comment on the outlook for 2021, and of course, comment on the pending acquisition of FLIR. We concluded 2020 with the best earnings, operating margin and cash flow in the company's history. Compared to last year, fourth quarter earnings increased 13.7%. Operating margin increased 173 basis points and free cash flow increased 50.7%. For the full year 2020, GAAP operating margin increased slightly and free cash flow increased significantly 39.1% to $547.5 million. It is worth emphasizing, the full year margin and cash flow performance occurred, despite over $33 million in non-recurring charges, record negative GDP in the second quarter and the constant challenges faced by manufacturers during the COVID-19 pandemic. For all of their efforts, I want to congratulate our employees as well as offer my most sincere thank you to them for transforming a difficult year into one of the most rewarding for our stockholders. We entered 2021 with a clear improvement in demand across the majority of our businesses. In fact, we received record orders in the fourth quarter and ended 2020 with record backlog. Q2 orders were $920 million or 1.14x sales with year-end backlog of $1.7 billion. While it's still early in 2021, we're expecting continuing recovery in our commercial businesses as well as growth in our government businesses. In both cases, strongest within our Digital Imaging segment. Given some caution and conservatism, related to the ongoing tug of war between shutdowns and vaccines, we think a reasonable outlook for the total company's organic growth is between 5% and 6% for 2021. Of course, the largely pre-COVID comparison in the first quarter will be the most difficult with revenue relatively flat. Finally, I want to comment on the FLIR acquisition. We've been watching FLIR since we first entered the space bay infrared imaging market in 2006 when we acquired Teledyne Scientific and Imaging. We believe then and we believe now that our infrared imaging technologies and market segments are uniquely complementary. As both companies evolved, we've grown to be even more complementary. For example, Teledyne entered the subsea drone business in 2008 and FLIR entered the airborne unmanned business in 2016, and more recently, the land-based robotics business. Perhaps more importantly, each company exited unattractive businesses, Teledyne in 2011 and FLIR in 2018.
Al Pichelli: Thank you, Robert. In our Instrumentation segment, overall fourth quarter sales decreased 6.2% when compared with last year. Sales of environmental instruments decreased 6.7% from last year. However, sales increased 6.9% sequentially from the third quarter. Compared with last year, sales of certain products, such as wastewater samplers increased. However, this was more than offset by year-over-year declines and sales of selected industrial products, such as ambient air monitoring instrumentation.  Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased 3.7% year-over-year to a quarterly record of $70 million. Sales of marine instrumentation decreased 11.4% in the quarter, due in part to a difficult comparison with the fourth quarter of 2019. In spite of lower sales, overall Instrumentation segment operating margin increased 262 basis points to a record, 22.3%. Now turning to the Digital Imaging segment. Fourth quarter sales decreased 2.3%, and primarily reflect the core sales of X-ray detectors for dental and medical imaging, partially offset by greater sales of infrared and visible detectors for space applications. GAAP segment operating margin was 21.6%, an increase of 407 basis points year-over-year and also, a record. Now in the Aerospace and Defense segment, fourth quarter sales declined 14.8% as greater U.S. defense sales were more than offset by a 45% decline in sales of commercial aerospace products as well as lower commercial space sales related to OneWeb. The GAAP segment operating margin decreased due to lower sales as well as $5.8 million in severance facility consolidation and other contract charges. In the Engineered Systems segment, fourth quarter revenue increased 26.8%, primarily due to greater sales from defense, nuclear and other manufacturing programs as well as electronic manufacturing services. Segment operating margin increased 175 basis points compared with last year.
Sue Main: Thank you, Al, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and Al, and then I will discuss our first quarter and full year 2021 outlook. In the fourth quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $236.4 million compared to cash flow of $167.9 million for the same period of 2019. Record free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $217 million in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared with $144 million in 2019. Capital expenditures were $19.4 million in the fourth quarter compared to $23.9 million for the same period of 2019. Depreciation and amortization expense was $28.7 million in the fourth quarter compared to $29.3 million for the same period of 2019. We ended the quarter with $105.4 million of net debt, that is $778.5 million of debt less cash of $673.1 million for a net debt-to-capital ratio of only 3.2%. Stock option compensation expense was $5.9 million for the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to $5.7 million for the same period of 2019. Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that earnings per share in the first quarter of 2021 will be in the range of $2.55 to $2.60 per share. And for the full year 2021, our earnings per share outlook is $11.25 to $11.45. In each case, these do not reflect the pending acquisition of FLIR and related acquisition and financing costs. The 2021 full year estimated tax rate, excluding discrete items is expected to be 22.3%. In addition, we currently expect significantly net discrete tax items in 2021 compared with 2020. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. We would now like to take your questions. William, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator:  Our first question will come from the line of Greg Konrad. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad : Good Morning. I'm Greg Konrad.
Robert Mehrabian : Thank you, Greg.
Greg Konrad : You mentioned 5% to 6% organic growth in 2021, but how are you thinking about that on a segment basis, just thinking about the different recovery cycles across the business?
Robert Mehrabian: Good question. Let's start with the instruments. In the instruments, we think our sales would increase about 5%, maybe just a head over 5% with our environmental and test and measurement businesses leading those. In Digital Imaging, the theme for Digital Imaging for us is recovery. And even though our revenue only went down 1% this year, we expect next year to recover and go up about 9% in Digital Imaging. Aerospace and Defense, we had a tough year, especially in Aerospace. And we expect some improvement, especially in our Defense businesses, I would say, about 4%. Engineered Systems had a great year, the best year among all of our businesses in terms of improving sales. So there, we expect their sales to improve very modestly less than 1%. And the way I've laid it out, Greg, so far, it adds up to something like 5.5% to 5.6%. I hope that's helpful.
Greg Konrad : That's very helpful. And I mean, the other thing that just stood out on the quarter and the year, I mean, just looking at free cash flow conversion, I think it was like 136% in 2020. I mean, how are you thinking about conversion going forward? And maybe this is too early, but just kind of post-FLIR close, is there any reason to think that, that level of conversion changes?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me -- Greg, let me start with -- without FLIR first. We think year-over-year, our free cash flow is going to be relatively flat, maybe a little down because, as you said, the conversion was phenomenal. There is, of course, we had the benefit of a payroll tax, about $24 million last year. Even though you put that in, it doesn't affect our already outstanding cash flow, so we've got to pay some of that back next year. But having said that, I think absent the onetime charges and expenses that come with the FLIR acquisition, our cash flow would be relatively flat, maybe a little down next year. But it will still be very close to the record that we accomplished this year. Now with FLIR. What -- the way I can describe that is on an adjusted basis, if I may, because it is -- it's difficult for us to right now determine what that cash flow would be. But based on historical trends, we think together, we would have an adjusted EBITDA after the acquisition of about $1.2 billion. Ours and theirs. And that's about the best I can do at this time knowing what I know.
Greg Konrad : That's helpful. And then just one quick cleanup question. In terms of the debt financing for FLIR, I mean, any thoughts around kind of timing and rate on that? Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Let me start by noting where we are today and what progress we've made to date. We have interacted with our banking institutions and we have secured financing for our term loans. First, we have $1.25 billion of term loans, which we have a commitment for. And the remainder of the $4 billion that we need will come in corporate bonds and that we will do after we have -- after we've obtained a rating for ourselves from the rating agencies, Moody's and S&P. And I think we will get an investment-grade rating, after which we will do that financing. The other thing that's important is that, we have increased our net debt-to-EBITDA multiple to 4.8, and we think this would conveniently put us in a position where we'll have cash on hand after the acquisition. And our covenants are about 4.75% to about 4.8% in net debt. And the last thing I would say is that, we managed to also get a commitment to increase our line of credit from about what it is now $750 million to over $1.1 billion. So that's about the best I can do.
Greg Konrad : Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian : Sure, Greg.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jim Ricchiuti. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti : Hi. Thank you. So I wanted to pursue, Robert, if I may, just the improvement that you're expecting in the Digital Imaging business in 2021. Is -- are you seeing signs yet of the recovery in the X-ray detector business? Or are you just assuming as we get the pandemic behind us, lead that business starts to recover?
Robert Mehrabian : Well, there are two parts to that. There's the x-rays for dental imaging, which already are recovering. Then there's the X-ray for cancer treatment, both -- in that case, we make components that go into machines. And that's recovering a little slower, but we're seeing some recovery in our X-ray imaging where we have these CMOS image sensors, we're seeing some recovery there. So overall, I'm going to say that we will see recovery in our healthcare, I would say, of the order of 6%. At least that's our guess right now, maybe a little more than that.
Jim Ricchiuti : Got it. And what kind of recovery are you assuming in the industrial machine vision portion of the business?
Robert Mehrabian : I think if you look at this year in the total machine vision, which would include scientific cameras, we expect about a 10% recovery in that domain.
Jim Ricchiuti : Got it. And so the bookings, that strength that you saw in Q4, was that -- were any of the major segments unusually strong that led to a...
Robert Mehrabian : Yes, I'm sorry, I should let you finish your question.
Jim Ricchiuti : No. Please, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian : I think the strongest, again, was in Digital Imaging, it was about 1.2. And that bodes well for us because it cuts across all of the businesses there, including our Aerospace and Defense businesses and our micro electro mechanical systems foundries.
Jim Ricchiuti : Got it. Okay, thanks very much. 
Robert Mehrabian : Sure, Jim.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Joe Giordano. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano : Thanks for taking the questions. I'll start just on Aerospace and Defense Electronics. Like, so given what's happened in that space, and I know you're being conservative about the ramp back on the commercial side. Like what -- how do we think about margin recovery in that business, given the cost that you took out. Like what kind of run-rate of revenue do you need to achieve to get back to where we were in margins before?
Robert Mehrabian : Well, the revenue, of course, is one story. We don't expect at this time much recovery in our Aerospace businesses. On the other hand, we do expect some improvement in our Defense businesses. But coming back to the question of margin, last year, we took a -- in 2020, we took a real hit in our margin in Aerospace and Defense. In 2019, we had margins of 20.8%. In 2020, we have 13.7%. So the margin went down almost 700 basis points. We expect, based on all the costs that we've taken out of that business, we expect the margins to improve to a little better than 18% from 13.7% or about 450 basis points approximately, even though we don't expect much recovery in the Aerospace side of the business. It's just primarily cost takeout and improvement in everything else that we're doing.
Joe Giordano : Perfect. That's really helpful. I saw that there was an expansion awarded on a Swiss contract. So just curious like, I think you mentioned Engineered offered a good year as kind of a flat outlook. What's the path over the next few years in Engineered Systems just based on kind of the pacing of contracts that you've won and the deployment schedules there?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes. First, let me back up and say what business there is going to shrink. And that's -- we are doing -- we make turbine engines for missiles, specifically harpoon missiles. And that will be going away at the end of the first quarter. So I think that in terms of sales of turbine engines, which also are profitable businesses, it should impact our revenue about $20 million next year. So that's on the contraction side. On the expansion side, which will keep us hopefully flat year-over-year since we have such a great year in 2020. On the expansion side, we won a number of contracts, multiyear contracts, some of which we put out news releases. And we think that we had about $0.5 billion in total of new contracts or renewal of contracts that last year. For example, coming back to the Swiss, what we have is -- we have our existing programs, which are about, rough numbers, let's say, they'll add up to about $250 million. Then we received a foreign military sales contract for new boats, which is about $35-or-so-million, and put the advance, it's $40 million. And that's a plus in that business. And we're very excited about that business because, as you know, that underwater vehicle also uses a lot of our sensors that we develop in our marine businesses. So that's -- I don't know if that answered your question as well as you want it.
Joe Giordano : Yes. Yes. Yes. Is the margin profile for that business kind of similar on a similar run rate revenue you expect next year?
Robert Mehrabian : No, I think margins will go down somewhat. We had just a blowout margin year this year in that business, primarily because of turbine engines and some of our manufacturing programs. We ended the year at about 12%. That's on the very high side of that business. I think we're going to go down to closer to 10.5% next year.
Joe Giordano : That makes sense. And then just last for me. Like any update on how you're thinking of presenting FLIR once you close it? Because, I think the $1.2 billion EBITDA run rate that you were talking, I assume that's kind of like a full year equivalency. So as that comes in at some point during '21. How do you think you're going to present like the incremental operating performance plus the onetime costs associated with it?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes. What we'll do, Joe, is we'll take the onetime cost and put it aside, as you know. But that's going to be significant. It's going to be -- I'm going to guess. My guess right now is about $175 million. It could be a little higher than that. So put that aside because there's nothing we can do about that. Then you go to, let's assume, the merger happens, the acquisition happens on July 1. Then what we're looking at is -- you can look at that two ways. You can look at it with as an adjusted basis.  And when I talk adjust that I'm only speaking about adjustment for intangible amortization, nothing else. If you look at it that way, then the acquisition is going to be accretive almost immediately. And the first full year is going to be accretive significantly. It could be as accretive as $2.50. With the $40 million, the tax takeout, the cost takeout that we're estimating for the first full year, we think on a GAAP basis, it should be accretive after the first full year, marginally accretive. So the way we presented is what is the combined revenue going to be? At this point, I would say of the -- if you look at the 2020 pro-forma, you're looking at $5 billion. If you look at '21 plus FLIR for the first full year, you're looking at $5.2 billion in revenue. And then we will work on the free cash flow same as we do now. We'll probably present it on a non-GAAP basis. Only I say that because in our agreement with our lenders, in terms of what they have agreed to in terms of our debt -- net debt-to-EBITDA, they're excluding the onetime costs that we're going to incur in that business. So we'll have a table of free cash flow to lay all of that out. 
Joe Giordano : Thanks, guys. 
Robert Mehrabian : Thanks, Joe.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia : Morning, guys. 
Robert Mehrabian : Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia : I wanted to ask on, I believe last quarter, you provided sort of a soft target for this year's margins to be expand about 130 basis points and you kind of walked through a couple of segments, but do you still stand by that initial take?
Robert Mehrabian : Well, you said it was a soft target, 100 basis points improvement? Okay. I think we'll deliver better than that. I -- for us, as a stand-alone company, again, excluding any onetime charges, which were going to happen. I think our margin should improve about 120 to 140 basis points in 2021 versus 2020.
Andrew Buscaglia : Okay. Okay. And then -- and Robert, you sounded last time or last quarter a little bit -- I guess, your expectations around the Biden administration would not be great for your defense business. Have you given that much more thought now that's coming to fruition. Broadly, it sounds like defense still has some legs into 2021. But I guess, what's your outlook beyond that?
Robert Mehrabian : Well, it's very interesting. One of our directors made an observation yesterday, which I agree with, that I don't think, by and large, democratic administrations have been against defense spending because they -- obviously, they don't want to be -- appear as being soft on defense. And with the world situation as it is today, we think defense is going to be stable. And we have long-term programs in very critical areas, including space infrared programs that are going to be healthy. That's about all I can say on the defense side. There are other things, of course, that will affect us, which would be interest rates if they went up. And of course, taxes will hit all corporations if they were to go up.
Andrew Buscaglia : Okay. And last one, this might be a little out there, but you guys sounded really excited about potential M&A into this year, pre-FLIR. And I know you got your hands full with FLIR, but is M&A off the table completely this year outside of FLIR until you digest that one?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes and no. M&A is never off the table. If something really attractive came along, and we thought we could do it while being as busy as we are at this time in going to be integrating. We would have the capacity, as I mentioned, we would have another almost $1 billion that we can spend. But I don't -- I would say it's not likely at this time because the amount of work we have. Now on the other hand, if it's a small bolt-on that we can talk to -- tuck away into one of our businesses, yes, we do it. 
Andrew Buscaglia : Okay, thank you.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions in queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, William. I'll now ask Jason to conclude our conference call, please.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, Robert. And again, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. All the news releases are available on our website. And of course, should you have follow-up questions, my numbers there, please do feel free to call me or send me a note to set up a time to speak. Thanks, everyone. William, if you could give the replay information, please, that would be great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 a.m. today through February 27. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1 (866) 207-1041, entering access code 5989502. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation in using AT&T conferencing services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-21 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later on, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Good morning and thanks everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Executive Vice President and I would like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's third quarter earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian; President and CEO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert, Al and Sue, we will ask for your questions. But of course, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning and thank you for joining our earnings call. I want to open with the following comments. First, all of our 70 worldwide manufacturing sites as well as our corporate office and research laboratory remain operational and only 16% of total employees are working from home. Second, our short cycle environmental and test and measurement instrumentation businesses rebounded from the trough in the second quarter growing approximately 6 % and 5% respectively quarter-over-quarter. Third, we believe our longer cycle commercial markets such as marine instrumentation and medical imaging bottomed in the third quarter. Fourth, our government businesses continue to grow and generally remain in attractive niches such as space-based imaging, manned and autonomous subsidy systems and electronic warfare. Despite the market turmoil and lower sales in 2020 we have successfully demonstrated GAAP margin improvement. For example, the second quarter GAAP operating margin increased sequentially over 150 basis points specifically operating margin of 16.4% was the second highest in the company's history. In addition, we achieved greater margins compared to last year in nearly every major business category except commercial aerospace where sales have declined nearly 50%. We also achieved record third quarter free cash flow and all-time record free cash flow for any first nine months period. Finally, our balance sheet has never been stronger and our acquisition pipeline is healthy. As the overall demand environment continues to improve our substantially lower cost structure, for example we're operating with 9.2% fewer employees, our lower cost structure should provide significant operating leverage in future quarters. Coupled with acquisitions, we expect earnings and cash flow to continue compounding for years to come. Before turning to Al to report on the third quarter performance by segment, I want to comment briefly on two important items. First, the OneWeb satellite program and second, the potential acquisition of Plotinus. Over the last few weeks the OneWeb situation has improved considerably. First OneWeb parent of our customer Airbus OneWeb satellite secures $235 million of interim financing in late September. Second we received a substantial advance payment in the month of October and third we recently signed a new more favorable contract for which we have resumed limited production. While some risk remains including a successful exit by OneWeb from bankruptcy. We currently expect a modest charge of approximately $3 million in the fourth quarter versus the potential $40 million noted earlier during the work stoppage. Now regarding Photonis, on September 28 we paused our efforts to acquire the business and voluntarily withdrew our application for authorization by the government of France. In summary, we determined at that time that an acquisition under the proposed conditions of the French government was not visible at the seller's valuation expectation communicated to Teledyne. However, in recent days the seller's valuation expectations have significantly moderated and we have renewed our acquisition efforts. At this time we are hopeful to conclude the negotiations and announce the acquisition before the end of the year. Al will now comment on the performance of our core segments.
Al Pichelli: Thank you Robert. In our instrumentation segment overall third quarter sales decreased 6.9% versus last year. Sales of environmental instruments decreased 2.1% from last year. However, sales increased 6.5% sequentially from the trough in the second quarter. Compared with last year sales of certain products such as laboratory instrumentation for life science applications increased. However, this was more than offset by year-over-year declines in sales of selected industrial products such as ambient air monitoring instrumentation. Sales of electronic test and measurement system decreased 6.5% year-over-year again however, sales increased 4.6% sequentially. Sales of protocol test instrumentation in particular for PCI Express and USB test solutions increased from last year but sales of general purpose oscilloscopes declined. Sales of marine instrumentation decreased 11.3% in the quarter. However, operating margin was stable due to head count management and business simplification initiatives. Overall instrumentation segment operating margin increased 86 basis points despite the lower year-over-year sales. Turning to digital imaging segment. Third quarter sales decreased 1.8% and primarily reflected lower sales of X-ray detectors for dental and medical applications partially offset by greater sales of infrared detectors for the defense market and 3D geospatial imaging systems. Sales of industrial and scientific cameras and sensors were largely flat with last year. With continued strength in semi-conductor inspection and markets in Asia largely offsetting some weaknesses in Europe and North America. GAAP segment operating margin was 19%, an increase of 210 basis points year-over-year. In the aerospace and defense electronics market third quarter sales declined 18.2% as greater defense sales were more than offset by a 49% decline in sales of commercial aerospace products as well as lower commercial space sales related to OneWeb. GAAP segment operating margin decreased due to lower sales but increased 621 basis points sequentially given a significant lower cost structure. In the engineered system segment third quarter revenue increased to 2.9% primarily due to greater sales from space, nuclear and other manufacturing programs as well as electronic manufacturing services. Segment operating profits increased 17.9% with margin 158 basis points higher than last year. I will now turn to call to Sue who will offer some additional commentary regarding the third quarter and our 2020 outlook.
Sue Main: Thank you Al. Good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and Al and then I will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2020 outlook. In the third quarter cash flow from operating activities was $150.3 million compared with cash flow of $150.9 million for the same period of 2019. Record third quarter free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $135.1 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared with $125.8 million in 2019. Capital expenditures were $15.2 million in the third quarter compared to $25.1 million for the same period of 2019. Depreciation and amortization expense was $29.2 million in the third quarter compared to $27.9 million for the same period of 2019. We ended the quarter with $332.2 million of net debt that is $786.7 million of debt less cash of $454.5 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 9.9%. Stock option compensation expense was $5.7 million for both the third quarter of 2020 and 2019. Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2020 will be in the range of $2.56 to $2.86 per share and for the full year 2020 our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $9.70 to $10 compared with the prior outlook of $9.45 to $10. The 2020 full year estimated tax rate excluding discrete items is expected to be 22.7%; a 210 basis point increase compared to full year 2019 due in part to less R&D tax credits. In addition, we currently expect less discrete tax items in 2020 compared with 2019. I will now pass a call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Sue. We would now like to take your question. Alicia if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Joe Giordano. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hi, everyone. Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Giordano: So some interesting stuff you said there Robert on OneWeb and Photonis that I wanted to touch on. On OneWeb, I was going to ask kind of before you knew about that development what's kind of your broader outlook for commercial space? There is obviously been a lot of kind of buzz around the sector recently with some other big companies like Microsoft the other day talking about it like what are your future ambitions there in terms of growth and is there new applications that you might like want to be involved in that sector going forward?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes Joe. Thank you for the question. Let me note that for us we have space programs both in the commercial and the defense sector. In the commercial sector, a lot of our instruments are used both for studying the universe as well as looking down at Earth for environmental measurements. On the defense side, on the other hand we do have a large number of programs that address the needs for looking at weapons through satellites. While there are of course as you said there is a lot of interest in communications in space like the programs that you mentioned, our involvement right now is OneWeb. The more interesting part to us is the defense imaging sector where we've been winning contracts recently and where our programs are very healthy. For example we're involved with the wide field of view program in the defense sector and the Opier program which is a persistent overhead infrared classified program. I think going forward let's see what the outcome is on the OneWeb program. They have ambitions of course to increase the number of satellites in the future but right now we're more focused on making sure that we make the products, we promise to make and we get paid for them promptly. I don't know if that answered your question Joe.
Joe Giordano: It did. Thank you. On Photonis do these new, do the discussions with the French government like what kind of scope changes does that entail like how is the size of the business that you would potentially be acquiring kind of different now than what we initially thought given those discussions?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. initially obviously we were to acquire 100% of the business. The French government is asking that we let a French government state-sponsored investment bank invest 10% in the company. In and of itself we find that okay we're going to work with the French government and especially the investment bank to make sure that we have all of our procedures in place. The more important thing that has happened recently Joe is that there was a significant change in price that we asked for and receive about 15% on U.S. dollars basis and frankly you can appreciate that owning a 100% of an entity is very different than owning 90% of an entity and that's why the price reduction. I think we have an agreement in principle right now and we need to now finalize our detailed paperwork with the government and then see if we can proceed from there.
Joe Giordano: Well, that's definitely good to hear. Just two more quick ones for me. Can you guys give maybe your current views if I know it's been shifting in the market, so your current views on the defense sector under a Biden administration and what are your thinking early stage of like your biggest margin opportunities into next year across the portfolio. Thanks.
Robert Mehrabian: I think in the short term we're looking at which I mean the really short term and let's say midterm next year, we're looking at growth in the defense sector for our programs in the mid single digit range. If there is a change in administration as you indicated then I think in the future years in the out years we think things will remain relatively flat. Our job is really very simple; regardless of which administration is in and which programs are supported, our job is to be able to get our share of the market and gain market against the competition. So I feel very good about our defense programs because of the breadth of offerings we have from space imaging to electronic warfare to communication, etc. Having said all of that defense today is about 20% of our sales, our portfolio and I would say a little less than that 20% of our operating income. Consequently really my attention going forward, our attention going forward is to expand our commercial businesses where we enjoy much higher margins.
Robert Mehrabian: That's it Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blake Gendron with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Blake Gendron: Yes. Thanks. Good morning. So I want to dig into the margin improvement in the next year. You've quantified some of the cost out in the past things that you're doing internally with the target goal of 20% GAAP EBIT margins or better. I'm wondering if you could update us on both the cost capture to date and then additional opportunities moving forward and what the timeline of that would be? Thanks.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure Blake. I'll try to answer that the best I can at this time. First, there are two primary changes in our cost structure. The first and the most important one is the lower number of employees. In general, we're down about 9.3% that is after adding about 30-40 people in our OneWeb program in the UK. So we are down about 9.3% which is about 1,100 a little less than 1,100 employees that the effect of that maintaining that cost structure is that it will help our margins approximately 130 basis points or so. The other thing is that we also have a procurement initiatives which are helping us reduce our cost across the board as we procure. We buy about $1.2 billion worth of goods and services and our procurement initiatives are aimed at reducing that. So we expect to get a little bit help from that domain as well but by and large I'd say the 130 basis points for next year is a good number that I gave you. I'm hoping that will be higher than that.
Blake Gendron: Understood. That's really helpful. Circling back on digital imaging, I'm hoping to better understand kind of roughly the end market waiting across things like machine vision semis, life sciences [indiscernible] etc. it seems like life science demand could carry the segment into 4Q what specific and market considerations are baked into the segment outlook through year end and what are some of the longer arc trends that you're focused on? We see a lot of product announcements and expansions but it's tough to contextualize exactly where those fit across your end markets. So I guess just high level how do you expect this market level to evolve?
Robert Mehrabian: Okay I'll try and answer that. Let us start with our digital imaging sales for this year. They're about $985 million, $983 million -- $985 million. Last year they were about 990. So it's flat year-over-year. Now the big chunk of that is our cameras and vision systems and sensors. They're used both for flat panel displaces about any phone or any television that you look at has to be inspected and a lot of those are done by our cameras and also our cameras are used in semiconductor industry for inspection. Overall, with both sensors and cameras now of course three-dimensional views of things and all that sales in that business is about 340 million and it's a fairly stable business with all the problems, with the pandemic that business has remained healthy. It's flat year-over-year but having said that the margins have improved. The area that has hit us a little bit harder is in the healthcare area. That sales that are about the $220 million. We make X-ray detectors both for dental as well as or looking at human anatomy and we also make some X-ray sources but let's stay with the detectors. As you know the detectors that we make for the dentist for the dental industry they're both inter-oral and extra-oral that's outside the mouth and inside the mouth. That has been very slow because dentists have not been very active up until very recently. Our inter-oral detectors are picking up. Our extra-oral detectors will probably be a little while before they pick up. We think that business would start picking up at the end of the fourth quarter. The one area that surprised us frankly in healthcare is that we make sources, we make magnetrons that go into radiotherapy instruments that are instruments that are used for cancer treatment. A lot of those instruments are also used for looking for cancer and because of the pandemic that area has significantly slowed down and so until that area comes back we don't think our healthcare businesses would be as robust as they used to be and we think that's going to happen by the way next year. The aerospace and defense that includes both our imaging for classified programs here as well as studying space both here and in Europe. That's been an increase for us this year. Year-over-year I think we've got an 8% increase. We're about $270 million. That's pretty healthy. The last two items are the MEMs business. MEMs micro electronic systems, micro mechanical systems, the revenue there is about 95 million. It's up about 12% from last year primarily because we bought a small MEMs business. We are probably the largest independent MEMs foundry in the world today and we're very positive about that business. The issue there is it's a fab, very capital intensive. So we're always balancing our capital investments against what kind of market share we want to have. The last area of course is our geospatial where we make LIDARS and other devices and that's a healthy business but it's relatively small. It's of the order of $58 million. So I don't know if that answered your question directionally. I think we expect digital imaging business to grow next year.
Blake Gendron: That's extremely helpful. I appreciate the detailed response. I'll get back in queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Greg.
Greg Konrad: How you doing? I just wanted to follow up on two of the previous questions. I mean first on healthcare and you kind of talked about it and in the release you talked about kind of a recovery in late Q4. I mean pre-COVID that business seems to have just been straight up. You've picked up share and a lot of the new technologies. I mean when we think about into next year does that business kind of get back to the normalized level and continue its growth trajectory? I mean what type of opportunities do you see going forward?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think there is no question that business has a very healthy future and the reason is very simple. We make detectors, X-ray detectors that have higher resolution than normal detectors and therefore you use much less X-ray to be able to project an image. Having said that that's a no-brainer that is going to take off. The issue is at what time are hospitals going to be allowing patients in for other than serious surgery or cancer treatments or other things. We think that's going to happen next year. We even think overall in digital imaging we should have a little increase from this quarter to next quarter. I would say as much as maybe $10 million and we think for next year we probably should see of the range of about 8% to 9% increase in revenue overall in digital imaging which would be pretty good for us since it's one of our higher margin businesses.
Greg Konrad: And then just to follow up on the defense question I mean you mentioned space and unmanned and I think shallow water submersible but we're also seeing a lot of new opportunities the Navy is talking about growing it's unmanned portion. I mean what is your content or opportunity with that whether it's larger systems or smaller ones and kind of just the outlook for opportunities within unmanned.
Al Pichelli: First you mentioned the shallow water submersible of course that's for our Navy Seals and we're the sole provider of that. That program is going really well. As you move to the unmanned vehicles from a defense perspective we really have two sets of vehicles that are being used today. One of them is really a vehicle that is a glider that glides in the ocean and in front of a battleship formation they can use as many as a hundred gliders in order to sample the salinity, density of the water which of course affects sonar transmission and reception. In that area we've had the probably the largest programs from the Navy. Another area of course is that we make medium-sized autonomous vehicles and we have an opportunity, we have sold some of those both to our military as well as overseas and we're looking at more opportunities in that area especially as a prime. Going back to the large displacement AUVs we are going to bid on that program probably as a subcontractor to someone else but frankly if you were to come and look at the, if you were to look at the submarine and say okay what kind of vehicles are available today in the world to be able to exit be housed in a submarine and exit a submarine. The only new vehicle is ours and that's the shallow water submersible vehicle and of course coupled with our unmanned vehicles that I just mentioned and the technologies that go with it are we fairly bullish for that area.
Greg Konrad: And then just one more quick one. I think last quarter you talked about well in excess of a billion dollars in capacity to do M&A. I mean on the Photonis deal that seems to be well less than half. I mean what are you seeing in the broader M&A market whether just valuations, volume of potential opportunities, just given that you tend to be fairly conservative and prudent around M&A?
Al Pichelli: Yes. We've demonstrated both the characteristics both being very prudent but also when opportunities are afforded to us to be able to be more aggressive. I'll just mention to you that when we went through the downturn in 2008 to 2010 the financial crisis right after we came out of that we acquired two very strong companies one was [indiscernible] and the second one was DALSA. Fast forward to the crisis in 2014 to 2016 which was oil crisis for us we lost about $200 million in revenue. We improved our cash flow just like we're doing now as soon. As we came out of there we acquired e2v which was our last largest acquisition to date. It's about $780 million and that's done really well, we started with margins that of 7%-8% they're almost reaching 20% today. Now going back now to your observation and question I said before our ability we had a billion dollars or a little more than that because of our cash flow that has significantly increased today. So I think it's closer to one and a half. I think it could go as far as 2 billion depending on whether how much of an EBITDA we acquire or debt to EBITDA ratio limit is about 3.5. Today we're sitting around 1.4 and with more cash generation in the fourth quarter we should be a little better than that. So I would say 1.5 to 2 billion, 1.9 billion is the range that we're capable of doing. Now if you take Photonis which is going to cost this at least for our best estimates closing costs, etc. is going to be about $450 million - $460 million. You subtract that out that leaves us with 1 billion to 1.4 billion - 1.5 billion additional capability. So we're looking very hard as we come out of this year. I think people are having a difficult time and some of the boards obviously boardroom management as I said before they're always looking in the rear view mirror saying how well their stock used to be whereas shareholders are always looking at least my view of it is they're always looking forward through the front window saying where things are and what kind of an offer would be attractive. So having said all of that I think we think this is a good environment for us to make acquisitions.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg Bank, please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Andrew. Operator I don't think Andrew is on.
Operator: Okay. We will move on to the next one. Our next question comes from the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Jim. For some reason operator we're not getting the people. There is something wrong at your end because I can hear you but the questions are not coming through.
Jim Ricchiuti: Robert I think that one was on me. Robert I had my phone on mute. That's my apology. If I may Roberts you sound a lot more confident about closing on the Photonis acquisition and I wonder if maybe you could talk a little bit about what you find so attractive about this business. I think in some respects it looks a little bit reminiscent of the acquisition that you did of e2v but I wonder if you could talk a little bit about it to the extent you can.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. First I'm a little more positive about it because we've had some discussions with the French investment bank and we find them to be much more business oriented than government oriented. Of course they're going to have a say in making sure that the technology doesn't move out of France but we think I feel better about it because I think we can live with that enterprise as a minority shareholder for a number of years. The second part is that that business seems to we have to get your final due diligence check that business seems to have held up pretty well during this difficult period just like our defense businesses because primarily it provides the non- [indiscernible] image intensifiers for night vision systems. Now what we bring to it is all of our digital imaging capabilities which are all complementary and not duplicative of that. That field is moving more towards digitization which we are experts in. So we think we bring substantial synergistic value to the enterprise which has been missing in the recent past because it's been owned by a private equity firm. Therefore it didn't have sister companies to interact with. There is a small part of the business also that is has to do with commercial laboratory instrumentation and for very low light using photon multiplier; same technology used for the night vision. That's attractive to us also because we bought this scientific camera businesses which serve laboratories instruments and academic instrument across the world and we think that is really attractive to us because they bring the best mass spectrometry detectors to the field and it'd be a very nice overlap with our existing businesses that we acquired last year in that area. So those are some of the specifics about that acquisition Jim.
Jim Ricchiuti: That's helpful Robert. I wonder if you might also may have missed it but did you give any information on orders, the book to build and maybe a little color and book to build per segments. You also I think gave a little bit of color about what you're anticipating for the digital imaging business in Q4. I wonder if there is any color you could provide on some of the other business units.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with the book to build. The book to build in Q3 is about 0.95 maybe a little more than that because our engineer systems is a very lumpy business that we get a big book to build but excluding that it's a little over 0.95. We expect next quarter to exceed one in book to build based on everything that we see so far in the quarter and we expect to end the year just below one maybe 0.98- 0.97. Now Q4 revenue which I talked about digital imaging being up somewhat, Q4 revenue should increase over to Q3 by about 4% or so or $40 million, let's say that's a little higher than 4%. That would be very attractive for us because in Q2 where we had I think about 743 in revenue I said I expected Q3 to be equal and very similar to that. It end up the revenue was about 7 million, 6 million higher and the income was about the same, the EPS even though we didn't have many one-time benefits in the third quarter. Just to digress for a second if you take the third quarter of this year versus the third quarter of last year there is $0.29 income difference from taxes, one-time tax items and against one-time charges to benefit last year's third quarter. So if you kind of do an apples to apples which we never really do non-GAAP measures but if you do that we're only down about $0.07 -- $0.08 from last year's third quarter. So going into the fourth quarter I think if we can increase the revenue in various groups and achieve about $40 million of increasing overall revenue coupled to what is now our better margin that we're achieving our margin this quarter was 16.4% and so we think what will happen is that we will have a better earnings as well which is what Sue alluded to as we raise the midpoint of our earnings early as today.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. Thank you. That's very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Poponak with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Noah Poponak: Hi, good morning everybody.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Noah.
Noah Poponak: Robert, sort of following up there and in your prepared remarks you mentioned that you think you've seen a bottom in your cyclical businesses. Can you just elaborate on that comment? I mean, is that an exit rate versus entry rate into the quarter or order action or any more detail to help us get comfortable that's happened would be helpful.
Robert Mehrabian: As Al Pichelli mentioned earlier, we've seen five and six and I said it also we've seen 5% to 6% improvement in revenue in the environmental and test and measurement businesses. Our book to build in those two areas are over one about [1.02 to 1.04]. So 2% to 4% above what we sold and we think as a consequence, we think that those businesses are going to do okay going forward. We expect some marginal [sale] improvements in our total instrumentation business maybe as much as $15 million or so but more importantly I think we're seeing some act. Of course China is coming out of their downturn and doing well but we also see some new products that we're offering in the pharmaceutical area as well as water sampling area that are encouraging for us. So in the instrumentation would be the one. In digital imaging, I think I've already spoken about it could be as high as $10 million to $15 million to maybe even $20 million in Q4 versus Q3. I think in aerospace and defense I think we're going to be fairly flat primarily because I don't think there's going to be any much movement in the aerospace domain and our defense is already pretty healthy. In the engineered system we may have some uptick in revenue but we'll have some pressure on our margins but generally we think if you add all of that up we could have about $40 million increase quarter-over-quarter because of the things that I mentioned.
Noah Poponak: Okay. That's helpful. Trying to piece together the margin commentary you've made today it kind of looks like the segment operating margin at the total company level full year 2020 is going to come in around 17% depending on exactly where the fourth quarter is and then, are the comments that you made earlier is sort of officially targeting 130 basis points of improvement in that next year and then I can't quite tell if you've provided a long-term 20% target or not but it certainly sounds like you expect more improvement beyond that. I mean are we kind of looking at something in the zone approximately of 100 basis points of segment operating margin improvement for a few years?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I hope so. Let me -- I'm going to get some looks around the table from my various segment operatives and others but let me go back for a second. If we do what we have just said we would in the fourth quarter, we should end the year with segment operating margins of about 17% which is what you noted because early in the year of course Q1 it was 15.2 and we've continuously improved. If we do that than the total company operating margin which was about 15% in the end of Q2 which is what I thought it would be should improve to about 15.2% to 15.3%. Now going forward into next year because of the actions that we spoke about both people and procurement and a whole bunch of other 80/20 programs that we have, we expect to bump that up 130 basis points next year. Our operating margins and frankly if you put it on 17 and you put it on 15, it's the same thing because the percentage of corporate costs are fairly fixed. Having said that and going forward I think that would moderate somewhat because we took a lot of cost out this year and we're going to enjoy the fruits of that next year but I would be disappointed if we can't continuously improve our margins somewhere between 80 to 100 basis points in the next few years.
Noah Poponak: Okay. That's helpful and then finally just wanted to ask about the cash flow statement. Is it possible to quantify or bracket the October advance payment related to OneWeb that you mentioned and then it certainly looks like you'll come in ahead of the full year $400 million of free cash flow that you had discussed previously if you're willing to provide an update to that and then the conversion to net income is pretty high for the year. CapEx is down, I guess maybe if you would just speak to -- I guess we're just assuming the conversion is 100% into perpetuity any reason not to expect that?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start from the rear end of that question because that's the easier one to answer for me. Over 100% conversion yes and we anticipate that will continue because of all the programs that we have introducing managed working capital and reducing costs in general. Now going to the cash flow for the year, in Q2 I said it'd be a little over $400 million. In Q3 where we enjoyed the $135 million of free cash flow that also included $15.8 million dollars that we had to repay the government for the CARES Act. So the 135 is a really very healthy cash flow for a company like ours. If we can continue that momentum I expect that by the end of the year we will be over 400. 425 I think that's within reach maybe a little higher than that and I expect if we can do all of that then our net debt should drop around $200 million a little north or south of $200 million which puts us in a really good position for the future in terms of acquisitions.
Noah Poponak: Very helpful. Thanks so much.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blake Gendron with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Blake Gendron: Yes. Thanks for getting me back on here. Feel free to pump me from the call if there is not enough time here. I have just two quick follow-ups first on instrumentation it looks like the shorter cycle industrial recovery is starting to plane out a little bit. If environmental outperforms testing next year what would that do from a margin mix perspective and how do the three stack up really marine versus environmental versus testing?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start. The marine businesses are fairly flat year-over-year and they're going to remain so for a long time primarily because we've moved more away from some of our oil and gas markets to defense markets and until the oil and gas markets even though they're okay now until they come back, we don't expect revenue increases. Having said that the marine businesses if you look at the total instrumentation business, the marine businesses however have lower margins in general even though the margins are improving significantly but they're still about 200 basis points lower than the others. Environmental is about 100 basis points above the average source a test and measurement those are very healthy businesses. So combined together it kind of flattens out but I think we'd encourage that our higher margin businesses are the ones that we're looking forward to growing.
Blake Gendron: Understood. And then one just quick one on M&A, you wouldn't rush a deal announcement obviously and Photonis is not withstanding because that's TBD but as you think about the election and maybe the tax regime in Biden administration does that maybe accelerate your M&A pipeline processes at all or do you expect valuations to kind of normalize with any change in tax? Thanks.
Robert Mehrabian: Boy that's a difficult one. I can only answer the following. We're not going to hurry up to do anything. Never have, never will regardless of which administration is occupying the White House. I think taxes will change up or down but I think we will buy the businesses that we're looking at the ones that we're looking at. We will buy them because they're good businesses in the long term and we can improve their margins and I wouldn't rush about it not because of the election or subsequent to the election. On the other hand I wouldn't be very slow about it either because things are going to improve next year and everybody's prices are going to go up. So this might be a good opportunity.
Blake Gendron: Understood. Thanks so much for the time.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Blake.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia with Berenberg Bank. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hey guys. Can you hear me now? Had some technical difficulty.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. For sure.
Andrew Buscaglia: All right. Everything's pretty picked over but I'm curious high level within digital imaging you guys can see some pretty powerful growth in that segment. If you look back to 2017 or so you're able to grow over 20% organically there. I would think that kind of given the set up into 2021 you have, you've had a couple years of more muted growth and specifically machine vision seems to be there could be some optimism of some upside brewing there given the semis and tech cycle. I guess how are you thinking about that business? I guess in a [bull] case in order of magnitude where do you see that business going? Where the differences between this entering 2021 and 2017?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think in 2017 obviously that's the year that we also acquired e2v, so things got really bumped up that year because of the acquisition but let's say absence any acquisition. I think right now I expect us to grow our top line in the higher single digits in the overall digital imaging domain. I will only put the caveat on it that this healthcare situation has hit us pretty hard and we are expecting that we'll improve. If that were to happen I think high single digits growth in revenue for digital imaging overall should be expected and of course as you said if we make the Photonis acquisition without throwing another $150 or plus million worth of revenue and we so a business is going to grow that's for sure. The question is can we get over the healthcare hump that we're experiencing right now.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Okay and I know this piece is small but you're offshore oil and gas exposure. So it went from being very optimistic for that outlet there to pretty pessimistic I think based on what's going on in energy. Any change in your view on strategically that segment and if where you want to play in that business if it's still viable in your mind as a long-term growth opportunity for you guys?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I would say obviously there is two parts to our marine businesses. There is the offshore energy which is both production as well as exploration and then the second part is construction, science hydraulically but more importantly defense where we are a major player in making penetrators for our submarine fleet. And then we have of course a lot of sensors program that are used whether in our autonomous vehicles or others. So I think the defense sector of that business is healthy and will remain so and probably grow in future years and if you're throwing science and construction, etc. that's really going to be almost 60% of our business going forward. Now, the overall segment, the sub segment, the marine sub segment has revenues of about $420 million to $425 million so the rest of it is offshore oil production and exploration. Let's say about 150 million total. That is fairly stable for us primarily because there is still a 40 dollars a barrel of oil. There is still developments going on and we are winning because we have the best products plus we have standardized products which people can buy and we think that's going to be very stable. The area that has not come back is the offshore exploration where we provide streamer cables and sensors. That used to be a pretty healthy business for us even after the downturn in the oil industry. That is kind of not been that high recently and if that comes back if they put more vessels in the water for exploration, I think that will help generally our marine business but looking forward I'd say growth in the marine business is going to be relatively benign where what we're going to do there and we've done this continuously is improve the margins. It's enjoying really good margins above the average margins of our segments right now. I hope that answers.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. No, that's great detail. Thanks.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure.
Operator: And there are no further questions.
Robert Mehrabian: Alicia, I would now ask Jason and Wees to conclude our conference call. Thank you very much.
Jason VanWees: Thank you Robert and again thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Of course if you have follow-up questions please feel free to call me the number on the earnings release. Operator, Alicia if you could give the replay information on the call and then sign off for everyone. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay after 5 pm today through November 21, 2020. You may access the replay system at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering access code 614-8591. International participants dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers again are 1-866-207-1041 and 402-970-0847 access code 614-8591. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-22 12:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in holding. And welcome to the Teledyne Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later on, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, Laurie, and good morning everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Executive Vice President and I would like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's second quarter earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian; President and CEO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and SVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert, Al and Sue, we will ask for your questions. But of course, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning and thank you for joining our earnings call. Before discussing our results, I want to emphasize that all of our worldwide manufacturing sites, as well as our corporate office and research laboratory have been and remain operational. However because our priority remains the health and safety of our employees, we're continuing social distancing, enhanced cleaning protocols, the usage of facemasks, and Personal Protective Equipment. I shall now make a few comments about our performance in the current environment and our outlook for the remainder of 2020. Despite record economic contraction, and a challenging operating environment for manufacturers, Teledyne performed extremely well in the second quarter. Our results reflect aggressive cost control and disciplined execution. In fact, although sales decreased approximately 5% compared to both last year and the first quarter of 2020, overall GAAP operating margin increased sequentially 150 basis points. Teledyne's business portfolio remains exceptionally well balanced across end-markets and geographies. Also, our mix of line cycle and short cycle business provides a reasonable level of credit predictability, and helped us -- give us the confidence to provide our outlook in April. Looking back at the second quarter, the overall market and demand outlook played out as we had envisioned. In April, we predicted second quarter sales to decrease 5% year-over-year versus the actual results of negative 4.9%. That said demand for instrumentation was better than forecast, due to continued demand for test and measurement, protocol analyzers, and a record quarter for OakGate business, which was acquired in January. These product lines serve technology markets related to solid state storage and cloud networking, where capital spending remains relatively robust. On the other hand, digital imaging sales were slightly lower than forecast, not only in dental healthcare markets where weakness due to COVID-19 was expected, but we also saw temporary declines in surgery and cancer radiotherapy due to one, deferred patient treatments; two, our customers destocking; and three, fewer new OEM equipment installations in hospitals. Otherwise, everything else from a sales perspective essentially occurred as expected. More importantly, operating margin, earnings, and cash flow each exceeded our April expectations. Ongoing simplification of our processes and margin improvement actions, including progressive cost cutting in the first half of 2020 delivered superior results. Now, looking forward to the balance of 2020, we remain positive overall. Just as commercial sales to Asia improved late in the first quarter, we expect a recovery in sales in Europe and the Americas later this year. However, in light of the initiated shutdowns and travel restrictions, it is prudent to assume such recovery will begin in the fourth quarter. In other words, we expect the overall sales level in the third quarter to be very similar to Q2. As a result, we now expect 2020 full year's sales to be declined approximately 3% from 2019, with sales of instrumentation and imaging increasing sequentially in the fourth quarter, and Defense Electronics and Engineered Systems sales continuing to remain robust throughout the year. We're now forecasting a recovery in commercial -- we're not forecasting a recovery in commercial aerospace in 2020. However, this market will contribute less than 5% to our total revenue. Before returning to Al, to report on the second quarter performance by segment, I want to emphasize the following. First, as we have repeatedly demonstrated in the past, we know how to be disciplined and perform well in challenging environments. Second, in prior cycles, where revenue was challenged, we protected earnings, while at the same time increasing cash flow. For example, in 2009, when revenue declined 4%, GAAP earnings were flat and free cash flow increased over 50% from 2008 and was a record for Teledyne at the time. Likewise, in 2016, when total revenue declined 6%, GAAP earnings were flat and free cash flow again increased over 50% from 2015 and was again a record for Teledyne at the time. More importantly, in subsequent years, we kept our lower cost structure. Hence GAAP earnings nearly doubled over the subsequent three to four years. In addition, following some periods of general market weakness, due to Teledyne's strong balance sheet, we were able to complete our largest and best acquisitions. For example, we announced acquisition of Teledyne DALSA in 2010, and Teledyne e2v in 2016, both of which were our largest acquisitions on those days. Fast forward to 2020. We're aggressively managing variable costs as well as permanently reducing costs where appropriate. Our balance sheet is exceptionally strong with over $380 million of cash and cash equivalents and a borrowing capacity of over $1.2 billion. Al will now comment on the performance of our four business segments.
Al Pichelli: Thank you, Robert. In our Instrumentation segment, overall second quarter sales were flat versus last year. Sales in marine instrumentation decreased 1.3% in the quarter. However, operating profit improved due to business simplification initiatives and improved pricing and procurement activities. As a reminder, while our marine includes products sold to the energy industry, we expect this market to directly account for just over a third of total marine sales in 2020 or approximately $150 million as annual revenue compared to almost $400 million in 2014. In the environmental domain, sales increased 7.9% as a result of our acquisition of the Gas and Flame Detection business. While sales of certain products such as medical grade oxygen sensors increased during the quarter, this could not offset declines in general and industrial markets, such as stack gas emissions monitoring and wastewater flow and sampling. Sales of the electronic test and measurement systems decreased 9.8%. While there was strength in our Protocol Solutions Group, sales of general purpose oscilloscopes declined year-over-year, especially in Europe and the U.S. Nevertheless, order trends and sales leads in Asia and Europe have improved in recent weeks. Overall, Instrumentation segment operating profit and margin were flat with last year despite $2.8 million in higher severance and facility consolidation costs. Turning to Digital Imaging segment, second quarter sales decreased 4.3% and primarily reflected lower sales for x-ray detectors for dental and medical applications, partially offset by greater sales of infrared detectors for the defense market. Sales of industrial vision systems were largely flat with last year. Our strength in semiconductor inspection end markets in Asia largely offset some weakness in Europe and North America. GAAP segment operating margin of 19.7% was the second highest quarterly margin ever achieved, but was 108 basis points below last year's all-time record of 20.8%. In the aerospace and defense electronics segment, second quarter sales declined 18.7% as greater defense sales were more than offset by a 49% decline in sales of commercial aerospace products as well as lower commercial space sales related to OneWeb. GAAP segment operating margin decreased due to lower sales but also over 340 basis points of charges for severance and facility consolidation. In the Engineered Systems segment, second quarter revenue increased 6.4% primarily due to greater sales from marine, nuclear and other manufacturing programs, as well as electronic manufacturing services. Segment operating profits increased 20% with margin of 123 basis points. I will now turn the call to Sue who will offer some additional commentary regarding the second quarter and our 2020 outlook.
Sue Main: Thank you, Al, and good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and Al and then I will discuss our third quarter and full-year 2020 outlook. In the second quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $155.8 million compared with cash flow of $83.2 million for the same period of 2019. The cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter of 2020 reflected improved collection of accounts receivable and $33.4 million of deferred tax payments partially offset by lower operating income. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities, less capital expenditures was $139.2 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared with $65.1 million in 2019. Capital expenditures were $16.6 million in the second quarter compared to $18.1 million for the same period of 2019. Depreciation and amortization expense was $29.0 million in the second quarter compared to $27.1 million for the same period of 2019. We ended the quarter with $468.6 million of net debt that is $851.4 million of debt less cash of $382.8 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 14.0%. Stock option compensation expense was $5.7 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared with $5.8 million in the second quarter of 2019. Turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the third quarter of 2020 will be in the range of $2.25 to $2.45 per share. And for the full-year 2020, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $9.45 to $10 compared with the prior outlook of $9.30 to $10. The 2020 full-year estimated tax rate excluding discrete items is expected to be 22.8%, a 220 basis point increase compared to full-year 2019 due in part to less R&D tax credits. In addition, we currently expect less discrete tax items in 2020 compared with 2019. Please note that the estimates for third quarter and full-year 2020 GAAP diluted earnings per share exclude any potential charge related to Airbus OneWeb Satellites. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would like to take your questions now. Laurie, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Greg Konrad from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Just to start on margins, I mean it seems like you maybe took down the organic growth outlook a little bit in Q3, EPS are kind of flat. I mean should we think about similar margins in Q3 and then a ramp in Q4 and then what type of assumptions have you made in terms of one-timers in H2 whether it's restructuring or anything embedded in the margins?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Greg. First, let's go back to Q2. The margin was 14.8%, the operating margin. We think in Q3, the margin is going to go up to -- up to about 15.4%. And we think in Q4 it'll go up further, so we should end the year at around 15% considering the first quarter was pretty low at 13.3%. So, we expect to have continuous improvement in margin. And forgive me, the second part of your question, had to do with?
Greg Konrad: Just have you embedded any additional restructuring, you kind of called into?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think Greg, sorry about that. We have about $19 million year-to-date. We are still reducing our workforce, we -- by the end of the second quarter we were down about 660 people. We expect by the end of the year to be down about a 1,000 out of 11,800 that's 8.5%, so it will be below 11,000 when the year ends. Consequently we think we'll have maybe another $4 million to $5 million of charges in Q3 and Q4 collectively; let's just say $5 million.
Greg Konrad: And then you kind of called out digital imaging maybe being a little bit worse than expected, but Instrumentation a little bit better and kind of a ramp into Q4. I mean when we think about toward the end of the year is digital imaging maybe where there's the most opportunity to kind of see increases kind of as we exit the year?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me -- the surprise in digital imaging was the following: the -- we expected that the dental market for our sensors to be down because people are not going to dentist in the current circumstances. What was a little surprising to us was that down slope in radiotherapy that cancer treatment and equipment services that we provide upgrades. What we found out was that in the cancer therapy, really most of the downside was because of people that would be tested for cancer or colon cancer or various types and that shrank quite a bit. Now, having said that we think that Q3 would be relatively flat with Q2 and we think that we'll have in others, maybe upwards of $20 million in Q4, primarily in digital imaging, as well as, I should say in Instrumentation. So collectively we expect those to do much better in Q4 than they did in Q2.
Greg Konrad: And then just last one for me, I mean, free cash flows kind of running ahead of expectations, where you we kind of laid out last quarter. Any update there? And then kind of tied to that, you had mentioned M&A I mean, any change in terms of your near-term appetite and kind of what you're seeing in terms of opportunities?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with the cash. I think in April, Greg, I mentioned that we expect that cash to be at the order of $375 million -- free cash flow to be at the order of $375 million for the year. I'm going to up that now to probably about $400 million, maybe a little more, but let's just say round numbers $400 million of free cash flow. In the current circumstances that would be a record for us. Last year, we had $394 million. So if we can exceed that that would be a record. Now, going back, as I mentioned in my comments, we have the capacity to buy things excluding acquired EBITDA of the order of $1.2 billion. Anything we buy is going to obviously have some EBITDA associated with it. So it could be higher depending on what we buy. I'm going to hazard a guess by the end of the year we may have as much as capacity as $1.5 billion. Having said that, there is the one acquisition that's been sitting out there for Photonis [ph] which the situation is still undecided. That would take up about $550 million, maybe a little more because of the change in the currency. And then we have appetite for other acquisitions. I hope significant ones in this environment just like we did with DALSA in 2010 and e2v in 2016. And in those economic conditions those businesses were not performing very well and we were able to acquire them at a reasonable price. So our appetite I think will improve with time as our cash position improves with time also.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti from Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi. Thank you. Maybe just to follow up on that comment, Robert, if you look at that M&A pipeline, are there areas in the business where you would like to focus more of the M&A activity, is in digital imaging or are there still opportunities for you to look at Instrumentation acquisitions as well?
Robert Mehrabian: You're right on Jim, both areas. I think digital imaging, obviously Photonis would be a complementary acquisition, a really good complementary acquisition if were able to make it to Digital Imaging. On the other hand in the Instrumentation area, that's our second high margin business, and we would like to make acquisitions there too. So those are the two main areas as you noted.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. And maybe just in general terms how were these -- the booking trends in the quarter? Can you give us any color as to the book-to-bill and I assume there's been some variability in the book-to-bill in the different segments.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start again -- let me go back to Q1, we had a really good book-to-bill in Q1. We were about 1.09% in Q1. In Q2, things went south. We dropped to about 0.85% so collectively we think we'll end the year just below 1%. Q3 should improve over Q2 and Q4 should be a little over 1%. We think we'll end the year by maybe 0.98% of that order. That includes pretty lumpy quarters especially in our Engineered Systems. So I think -- I think you have to take into consideration that our Aerospace business, the book-to-bill is pretty low because of the decline in that whole domain. In T&M and Instruments, I think Instruments in general in Q2, we're just a little north of 1% and we think Q3 would be 1% and Q4 would be 1%, so we should be okay there. Digital imaging, we should end up a little over 1%. With Aerospace and Defense, Defense will pick up, so we should be just under 1% when we end the year even with Aerospace being down and Engineered Systems is lumpy. So, I think it doesn't matter. It's going to be around 1% in the end.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. That's helpful. And Robert, maybe as a final question, just in light of the economic environment, you obviously have less visibility on the short cycle business, you do have line of sight in some of the other businesses. But as you look at the portfolio where is there potentially more uncertainty relative to that full year kind of revenue -- sales decline of 3% that we need to at least be mindful of?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think you hit it on the head. We think that the declines would be most pronounced in Aerospace and Defense as has been. We think in Q3 for example that would be down about 20% and for the year it could be as much as 14.5%. I think where we have some risks is in the environmental instruments and some of our Test and Measurement so even though the protocol analyzers are doing really well. We're seeing some encouraging signs in early July as Al alluded to. It's early to tell, but I'm hopeful that some of the environmental and T&M as is beginning pick up in China will also pick up in Europe and subsequently in the U.S. But the danger really is has to do with environmental. Digital I think would be okay, because we've got a very diverse portfolio. We think throughout the year for the full-year we might be down a percent which is to me is acceptable especially since as we go along we're also improving margins in digital imaging. We think that by the end of the year the margin there will improve 130 basis points or so, so 1% decline is acceptable.
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Giordano from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hey, guys. How you are doing?
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Giordano: Can you talk about cost savings in the quarter and how you kind of characterize them? And how much was more structural in nature versus how much was more due to volume declines and temporary savings that may have to come back, back into the business as things start to pick up?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. The primary savings, Joe, come from people. We spent approximately $1.2 billion; $1.3 billion are people expense. What happened there is that we have turnover, so we haven't been replacing those folks except where we have really good strong orders and then we've cut folks. And so the big change for the year is in people and I think that savings rolling forward net of charges that we take could be as much as $40 million to $50 million. Now having said that, it is our sole intention to keep that low cost structure into next year as we've done previously. The other area of cost savings is we have very strong initiatives in procurement and we have a target of saving over $25 million in procurement this year and that is not savings because we're buying [indiscernible] savings because we're buying them at a lower cost here, because we're signing contracts with our favored suppliers. If we can get that done that will save us another $20 million. In terms of the 1,000 people that I mentioned, I'd say half of it was maybe because the market demand going down like at controls where market tanked to 50% of what it was. And the other half is really proactive on our part in reducing complexity in our operations and we intend to keep that and we've done that in prior years. We've kept our lower cost as we move forward. I hope that answers your question.
Joe Giordano: It does. Thank you. I also wanted to ask on China. You said you're seeing some of the better signs there over the last couple of months. How would you characterize that as a -- how much of that is like a restock off of low levels versus actual pull through of real demand?
Robert Mehrabian: I think its demand driven. It's not -- it's not as good as it was last year. But it's improved over the first two quarters. I think they -- the upside is that they have increased their back-to-work efforts. Having said that, China as a whole is only 8% of our total sales. So there's also improved demand beyond China, in Asia, overall, in Taiwan, in Korea, other places. So we see a continuing improvement in demand there and we're kind of projecting that will pick some that up in Europe first and then finally in the Americas.
Joe Giordano: Great. And then maybe last for me. It sounds like you're looking pretty actively on M&A and you talked about what you are able to close on in prior downturns. I guess what color can you give us here? This is a weird downturn where economics of companies have gone down dramatically but prices of the businesses have not. So what are you seeing in terms of valuation and how people are thinking about selling their companies and what price they deserve?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, that's an excellent question. Everybody looks in the rearview mirror, right, even though prices have not gone down as much as some of the piece have expanded over time. Those that have gone down, let's say by 30%, 40%, people keep looking back in the rearview mirror and say, that's the price that they deserve. Having said that, it's an opportune time; most of these companies have shareholders and shareholders have various degrees of patience and they're going to look in the rearview mirror as much as the management and the boards do. So I think there are going to be opportunities for us. There are opportunities for us. We may not be able to get something at the market price that it's trading at, but we're certainly not going to pay what they were a year ago. So we'll -- we're kind of searching our way through that opportunity list to see what's possible.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Robert Mehrabian: Lori, if there's nobody else asking a question, what I'd like to do is I'd like to end the call and ask Jason to conclude the conference call, please.
Jason VanWees: Thanks. Thanks Robert, and again thanks everyone for joining us today. Of course if you have follow-up questions please feel free to call me at the number listed on the earnings release. Lori, if you'd give the replay information and close the call, we would appreciate it greatly. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen your replay is available through August 22, 2020, until 11:59 PM Pacific Daylight Time and USA callers may dial 866-207-1041 and enter the access code 3245794. International callers may dial 402-970-0847 using the same code, the access code is 3245794. And once again those numbers are USA callers may dial 866-207-1041, international callers 402-970-0847 and enter the access code of 3245794. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Great. Thank you very Greg. Good morning everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Executive Vice President and I like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's first quarter 2020 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian, President and CEO, Al Pichelli, Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main and Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert, Al and Sue, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial in, will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our earnings calls. Before discussing our results and outlook, I want to talk very briefly about our people, our response to COVID-19 and our business portfolio as a whole. Our first priority remains the health and safety of our employees and the family. Employees use tasks can be done outside have been instructed to work from home. And currently, up to 40% of our total personnel are working remotely. Our corporate office has been and remains open, and all of our 70 manufacturing sites worldwide are operational. But we're maintaining social distancing, enhanced cleaning protocols and usage of personal protective equipment where appropriate. Our businesses can remain open because they serve critical infrastructure sectors, such as the defense industrial base, water and wastewater, health care and public health. Teledyne's business portfolio also remains exceptionally well balanced across end markets and geographies. In addition, approximately one half of our businesses are longer cycle, more predictable and supported by record ending -- quarter ending backlog. Looking back to the first quarter, we did not suffer any widespread reduction in customer demand. In fact, orders actually the sales in each month including March and quarter end backlog was a record at approximately 1.8 billion. Likewise, we did not incur any significant negative impact to our supply chain. Nevertheless, there were some first quarter operational challenges in manufacturing and chirping product due to our policy of maintaining appropriate employee density at the workplace, balancing employee absenteeism and the availability of our customers to accept product. These are operational and HR matters along with some demand and supply chain issues likely reduced our first quarter revenue by approximately $15 million. Nevertheless, organic sales growth was positive and overall first quarter revenue increased 5.3% from last year. GAAP earnings increased 7.4%. And despite $10.4 million of pre tax charges, GAAP operating margin also increased. Finally, revenue, earnings and operating margin were all records for any first quarter period. Now looking forward, to the second quarter and the full year. Operational challenges in context in the first quarter remain. However, there is no uncertainty regarding customer demand in the 50% of Teledyne businesses that are shorter cycles and generally tied to corporate capital expenditures and the global economy as a whole. In addition, some end markets such as commercial aviation, although just 6% of sales in the first quarter will be impacted beyond the next few quarters and 2020. While many other industrial companies have withdrawn to 2020 earnings guidance, our total company has a relatively and I emphasize relatively high degree of predictability and stability. Nevertheless, in the current environment, we find it prudent to both lower and widen our prior expectations for revenue and earnings that we provided in our January 22, 2020. Our current outlook is based on the following assumptions. First, at the lower end of our earnings range in the second quarter, we've assumed overall revenue contraction of approximately 6% as well as year-over-year declines in each of quarter three and quarter four, although moderating by year end. This would result in an overall full year-over-year revenue decline of approximately 2%. Second, at the high end of our earnings range in the second quarter we have assumed overall revenue contraction of approximately 4%, more about this contraction in Q3, flat year-over-year sales in Q4. This would result in roughly flat year-over-year overall sales. And by segment for instrumentation, which is our shortest cycle business group, we expect an overall revenue change in the second quarter ranging from negative 5% to flat. At the midpoint of our outlook range, we expect full year's segment sales to be flat, including incremental sales contribution of about $60 million from Gas and Flame and OakGate acquisition. We expect digital imaging to be more resilient, as nearly half of the segment serves defense based healthcare and scientific market. This segment also has greater exposure to "back at work" customers in Asia, plus, given a weaker 2019 in those digital imaging businesses serving semiconductor inspection and factory automation, we have an easier comparison in 2020, hence, we expect to achieve positive or these low single-digit segments full year's sales growth. In the other two segments, that is aerospace and defense electronics and engineering systems, we continue to see our defense businesses in this segment growing at mid-single digit rates, perhaps even high single digit despite the ongoing operations related challenges mentioned previously. However, we are forecasting a collapse in commercial aviation in the aerospace portion of our aerospace and defense electronic segment. While less than 6% of our total sales in the first quarter we're expecting a 40% plus year-over-year decline in commercial aviation due to both significant air transport OEM and aftermarket declines. As a result, we expect total year-over-year segment sales to decrease approximately $90 million. Before turning to Al to report on the first quarter performance by segment, I want to emphasize the following. We do not know the depth and duration of the economic decline or the pace of the recovery. But as we have repeatedly shown in the past, we know how to be disciplined and perform well in challenging environments. We are aggressively managing variable costs, CapEx and cash flow and quickly and permanently reducing costs where a prolonged non-cycle is anticipated, such as in aviation. Finally, our balance sheet is exceptionally strong with over 230 million of cash and cash equivalents, more than 600 million available under our credit facility maturing in 2024. Given our ample liquidity and the resilience of our business portfolio, we continue to review and pursue acquisition opportunities. Al will now comment on the performance of our four business segments followed by Sue Main, who will give further financial details and present our outlook. Al?
Al Pichelli: Thank you, Robert. In our instrumentation segment, overall first quarter sales increased 11.2% from last year. Sales in marine instrumentation increased 3.9% organically in the quarter. Backlog continues to grow and it was at the highest levels in early 2015. In addition, operating profits improved significantly. As a reminder, while marine includes products sold in the energy industry, we expect this market to directly account for just over one-third of total marine sales in 2020, or approximately 150 million of annual revenue compared to almost 400 million in 2014. In the environmental domain, sales increased 26.5% as a result of our acquisition of the Gas and Flame Detection business. In addition, we achieved organic sales growth of certain laboratory instrumentation products, but this was offset by lower sales of other industrial instruments. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased 2.5% due to the acquisition of OakGate. Nevertheless, organic sales were flat given continued strong demand for our protocol test instrumentation. Overall instrumentation segment operating profits increased 27.3% in the first quarter, and margin increased 226 basis points with margins increasing for test and measurement and marine instrumentation. Excluding the Gas and Flame Detection acquisition and related purchase accounting margin was flat for environmental instrumentation. Turning to the digital imaging segment, first quarter sales increased 6.2% and included higher sales of infrared detectors for defense applications, MEMS products and x ray detectors for life sciences. Sales of all machine vision products collectively decreased slightly, but nevertheless stabilized with improved orders and sales for advanced instruction camera systems. GAAP segment operating profit increased 19.7% and margin increased 201 basis points, generally as a result of the increase in sales volume. In the aerospace and defense electronics segment, first quarter sales decreased 6.2% as positive 9% growth in sales of defense electronics was more than offset by a 35% decline in sales of commercial aerospace products. GAAP segment operating margin decreased due to lower aerospace sales, but also 525 basis points of charges for severance facility consolidations and certain contract cost adjustments. In the engineering system segment, first quarter revenue increased 7.6% with greater sales related to marine, space and nuclear programs, as well as electronic manufacturing and turbine engines partially offset by lower sales from missile defense programs. Segment operating profits increased 460 basis points, largely due to higher sales and greater mix of higher margin manufacturing programs. I will now turn the call to Sue, who will offer some additional commentary regarding the first quarter and our 2020 outlook.
Sue Main: Thank you, Al, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and Al, and then I will discuss our second quarter and full year 2020 outlook. In the first quarter cash flow from operating activities was $76.4 million, compared with cash flow of $80.1 million for the same period of 2019. The cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter of 2020 reflected the timing of accounts receivable collections, partially offset by the impact of higher operating income, lower income tax payments and incremental cash flow from recent acquisitions. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $56.2 million in the first quarter of 2020 compared with $58.8 million in 2019. Capital expenditures were $20.2 million in the first quarter compared to $21.3 million for the same period of 2019. Depreciation and amortization expense was $29.3 million in the first quarter compared to $27.6 million for the same period of 2019. We ended the quarter with $618.3 million of net debt that is $849.7 million of debt less cash of $231.4 million for net debt to capital ratio of 18.3%. Stock option compensation expense was $7.4 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared with $8.9 million in the first quarter of 2019. Turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2020 will be in the range of $1.90 to $2.05 per share. And for the full year 2020, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $9.30 to $10. The 2020 full year estimated tax rate excluding discrete items is expected to be 22.8% a 220 basis point increase compared to full year 2019 due in part to less R&D tax credits. In addition, we currently expect significantly less discrete tax items in 2020 compared with 2019. Please note that the estimates for second quarter and full year 2020 GAAP diluted earnings per share exclude any future potential charge related to Airbus OneWeb Satellites. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. Greg, if you're ready to proceed taking question and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Greg Konrad. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning. I just wanted to start with something that's maybe a little more topical. I think there was a release out last week on thermal cameras for non-contact fever screening. How big of an opportunity is that and what type of interest are you getting just kind of what's going on in the world?
Robert Mehrabian: Hi, Greg. Good morning to you also. The cameras are long wavelength infrared cameras. They're made with our own sensors produced on a wafer level packaging. They are 640 by 480 of 17 micron pixel size. And we're just beginning the manufacturing of those cameras, as we announced. We are getting interest from a large number of manufacturers. And while it's still speculative, we're positively motivated to increase production of those cameras. So how big an opportunity it is too early to tell.
Greg Konrad: Thanks. And then, I mean you kind of talked about the size of the oil and gas market within marine, but given oil price fluctuations and CapEx rationalization on the part of customers. I mean, have you seen any change to expectations or push out of shipments in that market?
Robert Mehrabian: Not yet. The short answer is not yet. But I have to put that in perspective. The Marine businesses today are really we expecting the midpoint to be over $425 million. Only 150 of that or 35% about is in offshore oil exploration, offshore oil production and very little on land oil. So, most of our marine businesses we already see 65% is in defense, construction and other areas. Going back to the oil and gas, we do have good orders so far for the year. It's over 1, it's 1.1 and we don't see any cancellations yet. Having said that, that's in the oil production. In the oil exploration, we're seeing a little bit of softening, but in our orders, and considering the price of crude and what's happened to Brent, we think that we expect to have some softening later in the year. So we're taking that into consideration in our guidance, but the good part is, there is a good part to this for us versus 2014, when oil collapsed in '15 and '16, is that at that time, the majority of our marine sales were in oil and gas, today it's only 35%.
Greg Konrad: Thanks. And then, just last one for me. Can you update us on expectations for margins for the year and given your report on a GAAP basis and had some restructuring in Q1. Do you have any other restructuring contemplated in the guidance for the rest of the year?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. So let me start from the latter part of your question, which is do I expect more restructuring? In the first quarter we had about $0.21 of restructuring. We were doing a little cost stakeout right now in the second quarter. And we expect that if things don't change get worse, we'll have to take some more out. We think that overall for the year, including first quarter can range between $0.40 and $0.50; $0.40 on the on the lower side. The margin effect is very interesting. Our margins weigh on the midpoint, we will always work with the midpoint of our guidance, which would get would be about 965 in earnings in EPS and about [3140] [ph] in revenue. Stay with that. With those numbers, I think instruments margin in the instrument segment should increase slightly maybe as much as 15 basis points. Digital Imaging year-over-year, we believe margins can go as high as 90 basis points above last year. In the aerospace and defense, very different issue. Defense is going to do okay. But aerospace is going to be done significantly and that's one of our highest margin businesses, so we think margins year-over-year would go down as much as 700 basis points. Engineering systems will go up probably 75 to 80 basis points. So overall segments will go down because of aerospace primarily, a little over 100 basis points and maybe 110. But we have cost control in the corporate domain. So, overall in the midpoint we think margins can go down as much as 80 basis points. But that, of course, is preliminary data on everything we know right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Ricchiuti. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thank you. Good morning, and thanks for the detailed outlook. I'm not sure there are many companies in a position to offer that in this environment. Question I had Robert was regarding the defense business. There have been at least we're seeing more reports of supply chain disruptions in the defense market. And I guess what I'm wondering is, is there any potential risk as you look at that business in the second half, where there could be an issue for you or even the broader government business, normally have a pretty good line of sight there.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. There are -- we are seeing a little disruption right now, especially in our printed circuit board -- specialized printed circuit board supply chain. The flip side of it is why we have hiccups. We have a very strong procurement initiative underway that started two years ago, actually to reduce procurement costs and they're shifting their emphasis to working with our suppliers to ensure that we do have a reasonable supply chain. Hiccups yes, I expect that we'll have more, so far nothing very serious. What's been troubling on the defense side is that availability of some of our customers to approve product that we're delivering to them. For example, just a simple example, in our shadow water combat submersibles, which are the boats we make for the Special Ops. We'd have the boat ready to test but because of the restrictions -- COVID's restrictions, our divers and the government divers can't test them. So they can't take delivery completely without getting paid completely. So there's those kinds of things happening all over. But, going back to something I said, Jim earlier, we know how to deal with these issues. We've done it before. We did it in 2015, '16, when oil collapse, we did in 2008 and 2009, in the financial crisis. So we're taking this into consideration with our guidance.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it and thanks. The question on the industrial machine vision business. You talk about stability, it sounds like you're seeing some pick up, maybe on the semi side. I'm just wondering, is this more of a case of easier comparisons? Or is there some improvement that you're seeing in some of these markets, including the factory automation, which seems a little surprising, but just curious about that?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start with the first part which is last year, we had, this is one of those cases that -- good case is usually we say things like, we have a tough comps, or we try. Last year, semiconductor and factory automation really in general relatively weak. So our comps this year as last year are better. Let me start there. We think machine vision, this mission vision systems part of our overall digital imaging should be flat this year. We think overall digital imaging will increase. But I think the vision system will be flat and there's some good gives and takes. Our flat panel display orders are pretty good right now. Our scientific cameras are doing well. Semis catching up, we do have some incremental sales from acquisitions that we made the site cam from Roper and micro line in Canada, which makes MEMS products. So we think some of the other stuff is going to do well. Our aerospace and defense businesses in machine vision are doing well and we expect them to continue. So overall, I'm going to say the semi factory automation, we are lucky because last year, we had such weak revenue so the comps are easier. The others we've done okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: So, Robert, for businesses like commercial aerospace and energy which are like more -- obviously much more challenged now. You're taking actions. There seems to be kind of debate or confusion around when these things actually bottom. So like, are these markets now given what's happening in the time it takes to kind of flow through, are these markets that are likely worse than '21 than they are in '20? Or is this something that -- how do you characterize the likelihood of recovery in these markets over the next 12 to 24 months.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with energy first, if I may. As I mentioned before, on the oil and gas part of our business is about $150 million and it's less than 5% of our revenues today. In that market, the products that we make lag the overall market that is, our orders presently are good and will continue for the next two quarters. We think it will soften in Q4. So while the primes are suffering today, I think our suffering will come a little later. The same happens with the recovery if the recovery come, which would obviously depend on the overall economy. We will be lagging the recovery. Having said all of that, in the overall marine businesses, which we kind of look at it as our energy businesses, we have really strong programs in the defense area, both vehicles and other areas like mine confirmations, et cetera. So, we see some downside for us. Recovery as to -- we need to bottom, I don't know. But I think recovery for us will come later. And we've all suffered the consequences of the current downturn perhaps later in the year. Going to commercial aerospace, I can't guess it. Right now, it's -- again, we're lucky. It's 6% of our sales, we have $90 million decline that we're projecting from last year to this year from about 211 to 120 or so. And again, we also there also lag the market after the 911 in 2001. Aviation didn't really recover until 2003. So that was a two year hiatus and we suffered the consequences of that. So, if that's an indication of how long is probably before things start turning up, it'd be another two years before we see a recovery. And frankly, that's the way we're treating these businesses. We are taking cost out, Joe permanently. And barley we've taken almost 20% of our folks out in that business a plus the other people are on furlough and other things. So the long answer is, the recoveries in both segments, the aerospace should be longer timeframe than energy in my view. We won't suffer much from the energy, we are taking hit from the deviation.
Joe Giordano: Now that's clear, and it's very helpful. On the free cash flow side, can you talk about your expectations for the year? I mean, let's not -- you could strip out the potential for OneWeb write downs and things like that? But just outside of that, how do you looking at your working capital performance outlook for the year and when you think about a conversion? Will you guys be able to kind of accelerate cash -- bringing cash in as you kind of liquidate backlog and things like that this year?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start by saying, because obviously, we're lowering our earnings right now. So our free cash should be a little lower than last year. Last year, we had about $400 million. We think this year it'd be about 375, maybe even a little less. Having said that, we are taking very strong action now to reduce our inventories across our businesses, how successful it'd be will depend on how well we execute. If we do all the things that we've laid off, out to do, we might keep last year's free cash flow. But, the other thing that happened is, if you look at 2009 versus 2008. In 2008, free cash flow was fairly low; it was like $111 million. In 2009, when we came out of it, our free cash flow grew almost double to $190 million. The same thing happened in the '15 ,'16 timeframe. Free cash flow went from 160 million in 2015 to 250 million in 2016. So, the answer is this. I think we do okay, this year if we execute, we'll be around 375 maybe a little better. But if history is a lesson, we'll come out at this much stronger next year because of our ability to discipline. Our CapEx is going to be lower this year than last year; Al is kind of controlling that almost project by project justification. So I think we should be alright. And we do have cash in the bank.
Joe Giordano: And maybe last for me. Can you just touch a little bit more on what you're seeing out of China for the respective businesses like test and measurement and some of the environmental businesses there?
Robert Mehrabian: Okay. Let me, if I may Joe, you didn't ask it, but I think in the machine vision business things because of this back to work "framework". We also in the machine -- but in machine vision, health care products, we're doing okay there. In the test and measurement, we're lagging a little bit. On the other hand, our protocol in our test and measurement businesses had two legs to it. One of is oscilloscope and affiliated systems for looking at electronics hardware. The other part, the protocols, which are the standards by which in digital imaging systems communicate that area we're doing really well, both here and in China. And so I think our T&M, test and measurement, while we expect it to be essentially flat this year, it's probably going to be a little down because of what we do of acquisition there. So it we might be done 3% or 4%. But China is not our problem. Our problem is really right now is Europe and North America. Moving to environmental, that's a different story. We're seeing some compression there in China, two reasons. One, we make a lot of product that go in air quality monitoring, and measurements of air quality, continuous monitoring as well as measurement. And we see weaknesses there. The second thing, which is a little even more troubling, is the Chinese government emphasis that Chinese companies buy Chinese made product. That's not as much discussed in the United States. We've had initiatives like Buy America initiatives previously, but there's a strong emphasis there to do that. And frankly, I don't mind assembling products there. I don't want to manufacture products there because of other issues. So we are seeing some compression there and that's a little worrisome, but we do have new products and we will compete with everybody and we get our share of the market in that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Can you take it into the thermal sensor for the skin application, skin temperature monitoring? And that, again, I don't know if you guys have talked about this much before. So can you remind us kind of where you fall on the spectrum of your capabilities for that? That's, is it a handheld scanner? Is it something that could scan crowds or just maybe a little more details on that? And then secondly, how fast do you think you can ramp production given all the supply chain issues?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start with the latter part of the question, Andrew, if I may. As I mentioned, unlike other companies that are making such devices, we make the sensors ourselves in our MEMS foundry in Canada in Bromont. And we make it on a wafer level packaging scale. So, we are our own supply chain. So that's the good part. The cameras are called Caliber. And we've been making various versions of the Caliber camera for about a year or longer. The ones that we're talking about are handheld, they're our newest product. They've just been manufactured. I cannot tell you how fast we can grow that, but obviously, we're going to do our best to increase production as fast as we can. Our cameras are also -- lastly, the sensors that we use that we make are vanadium oxide based sensors, really nice sensors 17 micron pixels whereas a lot of the other products around the world are made from amorphous silicon. So we think we have a niche there. I know there are some other companies that have had really a ton of publicity because of this domain. I don't know whether this is kind of move the needle in $3.2 billion revenue company.
Andrew Buscaglia: Okay. Can you talk about the potential Photonis acquisition, the rationale behind it and where do you sit with the French Ministry in getting that approved?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start with the rationale. That's it, that's easy one. Photonis primarily makes night vision product for the war fighters. And they do it for almost the rest of the world that has to have an ITAR-free product whereas our two companies in this country don't have ITAR restrictions. The second part that there is business related, again, is in life sciences, but 80% of the business is in defense. Now, what they do have is a very nice product, nice processes, but what they have lacked because they've been supportive by private equity, what they've lacked is the ability to significantly invest or acquire digital imaging companies that would complement it. Almost everything we do in our digital imaging is complimentary to what they have, including the infrared sensors I just mentioned. So we think we will, and digitization is obviously the future of that domain as well. So we think we made some significant capabilities to that product. Now, where are we? Unfortunately, on March 31, we were verbally notified that the Foreign Investment Office of France that they were going to have a negative opinion by the Minister of Economy, essentially saying there is going to be total transaction. Everything has gone quite since then. There are some indications that the Minister of Economy may be reconsidering. We don't know. Ultimately, one or two scenarios can develop. They will reaffirm the verbal detail. We have a written response from them because our agreement with the people we're buying it from is such that everything is in escrow until a final decision has been made. So once we get a written agreement would be one of the following. Either they'll reject it, which is same as their verbal, or they'll come back and agree to a transaction but put certain conditions on it. Now, we are used to certain conditions because we bought two businesses in France, would have operations in France. First, e2v be which we bought several years ago, last year, we bought Gas and Flame Detection business from 3M. In both those cases, there were certain conditions in terms of because they were supplying product to the French government, et cetera, in terms of how long we kept the businesses, et cetera. And we agreed to those conditions because frankly, they were also in our best interest. So we have a really good relationship with the Ministry of Economy and his offices in that domain, and we have a good track record with them. So if the conditions are not honored, they could be onerous, then we could live with it. On the other hand, if the conditions are onerous that would damage our ability to run the company, then we won't be able to complete the transaction. So that's a long way of giving you the best answer I have. And we expect to hear from them. I don't know it could be shortly or it could be a couple of months.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. And if I may, I'll ask Jason now to conclude our conference call. Jason?
Jason VanWees: Great. Thank you, Robert. And again, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. If you have any follow up questions, my number is on the earnings release, please feel free to call me. And of course all our news releases and periodic SEC filings are on the Web and available. So thank you, everyone. Greg, if you could give the replay information to the audience. We'd appreciate it and we shall sign off now. Bye-bye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for a replay after 10 AM Pacific Time today through May 22. You may access the AT&T Executive Replay System at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering the access code 9504925. Those numbers once again are 1-866-207-1041 with the access code 9504925. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-22 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne fourth quarter earnings release conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you. Good morning everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Executive Vice President and I want to welcome everyone to Teledyne's fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian, President and CEO, Al Pichelli, Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main and SVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert, Al and Sue, we will ask for your questions.Of course, though, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And in order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial in, will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Jason and good morning everyone and thank you for joining our earnings call. For the second consecutive quarter, we achieved all-time record sales, earnings per share and free cash flow. Likewise, full year 2019 was by any measures a record year. Each of sales, earnings, GAAP operating margin and free cash flow were all-time records.Fourth quarter and full year sales increased 11.5% to 9%, respectively. Organic growth for both periods also exceeded 4% including some modest currency headwinds, about 0.6% in Q4 and about 1% headwind for the full year 2019. In addition, for both the fourth quarter and full year, GAAP operating margin expanded just under 120 basis points.Fourth quarter earnings were $3.06 exceeding $3 per share for the first time, an increase of 24.9% compared to last year. While we have increased our emphasis on margin improvement, we are continuing our proven strategy of disciplined capital deployment for compound growth in earnings and cash flow.In 2019, we deployed $484 million on complementary acquisitions and earlier this month, we announced the acquisition of OakGate Technology, a software and hardware company focused on the test, validation and operating performance of solid state electronic storage media. This is our third bolt-on acquisition for Teledyne LeCroy and allows Teledyne to provide a complete set of protocol analysis software and hardware used from the design of new data storage devices to the use of such devices in hyperscale cloud storage networks.Teledyne continues to benefit from our balanced portfolio of common technologies serving different complementary markets. We begin to 2020 with growth in our defense businesses expected to offset declines in sales of OEM avionics. Marine instrumentation continues to recover with growing sales, but also with orders having exceeded sales for the sixth consecutive quarter. In digital imaging, we expect that to see continued strength in certain high-growth markets like microelectromechanical systems or MEMS and a modest recovery in certain commercial machine vision markets such as the semiconductor industry.Given the short cycle nature of our environmental and electronic test and measurement instrumentation businesses, at this point we are only projecting low single digit GDP like organic growth. Finally, our balance sheet remains exceptionally strong with a quarter-end leverage ratio of 1.4x and we are continuing to pursue acquisition opportunities.Before turning the call to Al, I want to emphasize that all of our financial results this morning are reported on a GAAP basis, with no adjustments for amortization, stock compensation, acquisition charges, purchase accounting, restructuring or other charges.Al will now comment on the performance of our four business segments.
Al Pichelli: Thank you Robert. In our instrumentation segment, overall fourth quarter sales increased 14.5% from last year. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 14.7% organically in the quarter. And we also closed 2019 with the highest year-end backlog since 2014. In addition, operating profit improved significantly.In the environmental domain, sales increased 31.9% as a result of our recent acquisition of the gas and flame detection business. In addition, greater organic sales of pollution control instrumentation were offset by lower sales of selected process gas analyzers and laboratory instruments.Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased sequentially to the highest level of 2019, but decreased 6.8% year-over-year given an especially tough comparison. For the full year, sales increased 6% organically. Overall, instrumentation segment operating profit increased 38.4% in the quarter and margin increased 340 basis points with margins increasing for test and measurement and marine instrumentation. Excluding the gas and flame detection acquisition and related purchase accounting, margins also increased within the environmental instrumentation.Turning to the digital imaging segment. Fourth quarter sales increased 20.1%. Sales of our proprietary medical and dental X-ray detectors again increased significantly year-over-year. Sales of geospatial sensor systems and MEMS devices also grew nicely as did sales of advanced infrared and visible light detectors for defense and space applications. The strong growth in these businesses more than offset some expected declines in the portion of our industrial machine vision business which serves consumer electronics and generally factory automation markets, especially in Asia. However, sales of these products did increase sequentially given some recent recovery in the semiconductor-related inspection systems. GAAP segment operating profit increased 29.8% and margin increased 131 basis points generally as a result of increased sales volume.In the aerospace and defense electronics segment, fourth quarter sales increased 2.7% primarily due to strong growth across majority of our defense electronic businesses, partially offset by lower sales of OEM aerospace electronics. Segment operating margin decreased 208 basis points to 19.2%. The operating margin primarily resulted from product mix differences in defense electronics and lower sales of commercial avionics.In the engineered systems segment, fourth quarter revenue decreased 1.7% with greater sales related to space and energy programs, electronic manufacturing and turbine engines, more than offset by lower sales from missile defense programs and energy systems. Segment operating profit and margin was flat year-to-year.Before turning to Sue, I want to offer some additional commentary regarding our 2020 outlook. Given the points raised by Robert earlier, we believe that total organic revenue growth in the full year 2020 will be 35 to 3.5%. In addition, the full year contribution from the scientific camera, gas and flame detection, Micralyne and OakGate acquisition will add another $100 million or so of incremental revenue. This translates to total revenue of approximately $3.36 billion to $3.37 billion for 2020.I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you Al and good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and Al and then I will discuss our first quarter and full year 2020 outlook.In the fourth quarter, record cash flow from operating activities was $167.9 million, compared with cash flow of $125.5 million for the same period of 2018. The cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter of 2019 reflected the impact of higher operating income, cash flow from recent acquisitions and improved working capital management.Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $144 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, compared with $106.8 million in 2018. Capital expenditures were $23.9 million in the fourth quarter compared to $18.7 million for the same period of 2018. Depreciation and amortization expense was $29.3 million in both the fourth quarters of 2019 and 2018.We ended the quarter with $651.1 million of net debt, that is $850.6 million of debt less cash of $199.5 million for net debt to capital ratio of 19.4%. Stock option compensation expense was $5.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared with $4.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2018.Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the first quarter of 2020 will be in the range of $2.25 to $2.35 per share and for the full year 2020, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $11.20 to $11.30. The 2020 full year estimated tax rate excluding discrete items is expected to be 22.3%, a 170 basis point increase compared to full year 2019, due in part to less R&D tax benefits to percentage of capital income. In addition, we currently expect significantly less discrete items in 2020 compared with 2019.I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Greg, if you are ready to proceed with the questions-and-answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Buscaglia. Please go ahead.
Andrew Buscaglia: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Andrew.
Andrew Buscaglia: Good morning. I was hoping you could dig a little bit more into marine. So you are on your second quarter now of what looks like the beginning of a ramp. How sustainable is the growth into next year? And then can you also talk a little bit about, I would think, given you have got marine finally rebounding here, you got potentially machine vision rebounding here, I would think that your organic growth rate guidance will be higher than that 3%? I believe you said 3%, 3.5%. So can you talk about how that's weighing it down or what's weighing it down?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure Andrew. Let me start with marine. I think our orders in marine were significant this year. We ended the year with about 1.1 in terms of the book-to-bill. It's been a good run. The oil prices hovered between $55 and $65 for brent and a lot of deepwater production is profitable below $50. So we are seeing both improvements in our seismic activities for oil exploration as well as long term oil production contract. We think that in 2020 marine would have increased revenues in the range of about 6.6% versus 4% in 2019.Now, continuing with the second part of your question, which is why we have organic growth less than 4% or so. This year, we achieved about 4.4%. We are projecting between 3% and 3.5% for next year. That's primarily affected by 737 MAX. It impacts our revenues by 1%. That's our best guess right now, which is equivalent to about $30 million. We anticipated that we would have revenues of over $40 million, maybe as much as $45 million and because of the delays that you are very familiar with we expect that that would be down about, effect our revenue about 1% or $30 million.Having said that, I think it's important to note that given that hit that we are taking in our revenue because of our balanced portfolio even in the aerospace and defense segment, we expect revenue to be flat year-over-year because the defense businesses are going to do much better this year than they did last year. So the answer to your question is primarily driven by MAX. When it comes back into production, we will pick it up again.
Andrew Buscaglia: Yes. That's helpful. And maybe could you just comment, too, you said machine vision in the quarter seems to, you have got a little uptick sequentially here. What's your expectation for 2020? I mean, you have got semi markets moving higher or just good commentary out of those markets. So what are you guys thinking?
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, we think that in the machine vision that we will get some pick up from semi. We think for the year, we will probably organically grow to 3.5%, but we also made an acquisition, sci-cam acquisition last year as well as the Micralyne, et cetera. I think overall machine vision will be over 5%, maybe 5.1%, 5.2%. The digital imaging that includes machine vision is recovering modestly. Where we have done well really is in the healthcare which is our X-ray business and our MEMS area and we think those areas will help us as well. I would think the sales in that whole digital imaging will increase from what was this year about the $900 million to about $1.4 billion, $1.450 billion, I mean $1.045 billion. And so we are positive about machine vision. Of course, if the business picks up more especially in the flat-panel displays, then we will do better.
Andrew Buscaglia: Got it. All right. Thanks for the color.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Giordano. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: Hi guys. Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Joe.
Joe Giordano: Hi Robert. You answered a bunch of my questions there. But maybe can we just talk about margins a little bit and how dilutive was the M&A in the quarter and how much dilutive do you have it into 2020 margins? And maybe we can get a little color on margins by segment there?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I can give your margins first, if I may, by segment and relate it to 2019. Let me start with instrumentation. Instrumentation had full year margin of about 18.1%. And that was really good because it improved about 370 basis points over 2018. We think that will go up again in 2020 for us as much as 70 basis points. Right now we think it would end up about 18.8%.And moving to digital imaging. Digital imaging margins were flat year-over-year at 2018 was 17.8% and 2019 was 17.8%. We think we are going to get some margin improvement there, perhaps as much as 65 basis points.Aerospace and defense and engineered systems. We don't think we are going to improve margins in the aerospace and defense, primarily because the margins are already pretty high at 20.8%, but also as I mentioned, because of the headwinds from the 737 MAX. We think even though defense will make up for the revenue, margins will stay flat.And then engineered systems, we think margins will remain about 9.7%. So overall, in the segments, we think that the margins will increase overall about 45% or 45 basis points and the company as a whole, it will be about the 50 basis points.Regarding the question you asked about dilution, accretion dilution from the acquisitions. The Roper acquisition was the scientific cameras was not dilutive. Right now, gas and flame, which is the business we bought from 3M and Micralyne which we bought, we think they added about 50 basis points in dilution probable in Q4. I would think going forward they will be flat. Most of our acquisitions that we may maybe diluted very early on because of the expenses we have in acquiring them, but after a while they are accretive.
Joe Giordano: That's very helpful. I just wanted to clarify, I think you said earlier marine up about 6.5% in 2020. What about the oil and gas, the energy component of marine specifically? I just want to make sure I wasn't confusing which things you were talking about there.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me just point that out. I think in the oil and gas, first let me start with the big picture. This year we ended marine at about $450 million, which was a 3.9% improvement over 2018. Our present plans or our present anticipation is that that will 6.6% to $480 million. Of that, the oil and gas in 2019 was about $185 million and we think that will increase to $202 million, a healthy increase for us. And we think the rest of the marine which has to do with defense and security and other things, that will go up from $265 million to $278 million. So to put it in a nutshell, the 6.6% is balanced between oil and gas and the other businesses, especially defense where we do have really good programs, especially in the submarine area.
Joe Giordano: So maybe last for me. On the healthcare part of digital imaging, that business has been great for you guys and what's the outlook and current thoughts around new customers in new field like on surgery and mammography? And what's kind of the pacing and discussions with big customers there? And what's embedded in your new guidance for growth in healthcare in 2020?
Robert Mehrabian: We think we are going to have a little growth in healthcare but it is not going to be as robust as we had in 2020 because we had a lot of the new OEMs sign up in 2020 and we don't see any new OEMs right now. It could happen but we don't see it right now. In prior years, we had really good extraoral surgery, we had good intraoral, we had mammography. So we think it's going relatively flat, maybe increase another $10 million year-over-year. I think last year it was about $255 million. We are projecting about $265 million or so this year. But it's a healthy business. We are trying to also move up-market with some of our products. So as the year progresses, I think we would be able to project improvement, especially in mammography and other OEMs as we move closer to 2021.
Joe Giordano: Good. Thanks very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And at this time, there are no further questions.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, thank you very much, Greg. What I would like to do is ask Jason to conclude the conference call. Thank you.
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert. And again, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. If you do have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release and of course our news releases are available on our website. Greg, if you conclude the conference call and please provide the replay details for the audience please, we would certainly appreciate it. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:00 a.m. Pacific time today through February 22. You may access the AT&T Executive Replay System at any time by dialing 1-866-207-1041 and entering the access code 1455431. International participants dial 402-970-0847. Those numbers, once again, are 1-866-207-1041 or 402-970-0847 with the access code 1455431. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-23 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne third quarter earnings call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I'd now like to turn the conference over to Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, and thank you, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Executive Vice President, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Release Conference Call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian; President and CEO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and SVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert, Al and Sue, we will ask for your questions.  However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various risks and assumptions, and caveats in our earnings release and periodic SEC filings, and of course, actual results, may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast, and a replay, both via webcast and dial in, will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our earnings call. Today, once again, we reported the strongest quarter in Teledyne's history. Sales, earnings per share and free cash flow were all-time records. Operating margin increased 150 basis points compared to last year, and operating margin was also a record for any third quarter period.  In the quarter, sales increased 10.6% and exceeded $800 million for the first time. Including approximately 1% of currency headwind, organic growth was 5%. Given the strong organic growth as well as acquisitions, sales in each business segment increased by double-digit rates for the first time in over 12 years. Record earnings per share of $2.84 increased 16.9% compared to last year.  While we've increased our emphasis on margin improvement, we're continuing our proven strategy of disciplined capital deployment for compound growth in earnings and cash flow. We were pleased to complete the acquisition of 3M's Gas and Flame Detection business on August 1. In addition, with the acquisition of Micralyne on August 30, we immediately increased our Micro Electro Mechanical Systems or MEMS manufacturing capacity while also adding unique microfluidic technology for biotech applications.  Teledyne continues to benefit from our balanced portfolio of common technologies serving different complementary markets. Our 2019 outlook continues to reflect strong growth in our life sciences and defense imaging businesses, more than offsetting declines in some industrial machine vision markets. Our defense and space electronics businesses will more than offset some lower sales of avionics to certain commercial OEM air transport platforms.  In addition, the early-stage recovery of marine instrumentation continued. We achieved strong growth in orders and sales, and ended the quarter with the largest backlog in over four years. Finally, despite closing two acquisitions in the quarter, our balance sheet remains exceptionally strong with its quarter-end leverage ratio of 1.6%.  Before turning the call to Al, I want to note that we slightly realigned the financial reporting of our segments. This was solely done to match our current management reporting structure, and historical results have been restated to conform to the new structure. Furthermore, I want to emphasize that all of our financial results this morning are reported on a GAAP basis, with no adjustments for amortization, stock compensation, acquisition charges, purchase accounting, restructuring or any other charges.  Al will now comment on the performance of our four business segments.
Aldo Pichelli: Thank you, Robert. In our Instrumentation segment, overall third quarter sales increased 10.4% from last year. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased sequentially to the highest level in 2019, but grew 2.2% year-over-year given a tough comparison. Growth of industrial test and measurement products and services as well as specialty digitizers more than offset some tough comparisons in sales of protocol analyzers and oscilloscopes.  In the environmental domain, sales increased 20% largely as a result of our recent acquisition of the Gas and Flame Detection business but also greater organic sales of process gas analyzers and certain laboratory instrumentation, offset by lower sales of pollution control instrumentation to customers in Asia. Sales of marine instruments increased 7.7% organically in the quarter, and orders exceeded sales for the fifth consecutive quarter. In addition, profit margins improved significantly as we benefited from prior aggressive cost reductions and current business simplification initiatives. Overall, Instrumentation segment operating profit increased 45.7% and margin increased 445 basis points, with margins increasing for test and measurement and marine instrumentation. Excluding the Gas and Flame Detection acquisitions and related purchase accounting, margin also increased within environmental instrumentation.  Turning to the Digital Imaging segment. Third quarter sales increased 10.6%. Sales of our proprietary medical and dental X-ray detectors again increased significantly year-over-year. Sales of MEMS devices also grew nicely as did sales of advanced infrared detectors and data converters for space and defense applications. The strong growth in these businesses largely offset expected declines in the portion of our industrial machine vision business, which serves consumer electronics and general factory automation markets, especially in Asia. GAAP segment operating profit decreased 2.6% given a generally less favorable product mix resulting from lower industrial machine vision sales.  In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, third quarter sales increased 10.5% primarily due to strong growth across the majority of our defense electronic businesses, but in particular, sales of microwave devices and interconnects for radar, electronic warfare and satellite communications. Segment operating margin increased 172 basis points to 22.3%, a record for the segment. The strong operating margin resulted from greater sales, but was also due to margin improvement across the majority of our aerospace and defense businesses. In the Engineered Systems segment, third quarter revenue increased 11.5%, with strong sales related to marine manufacturing, missile defense and space programs, partially offset by lower sales of energy systems. Segment operating profit increased but marginally declined slightly just 10 basis points year-over-year.  Before turning to Sue, I wanted to offer some additional commentary regarding our increased 2019 outlook. We continue to believe that organic revenue in the full year 2019 will approximate 4% inclusive of roughly 100 basis points of currency headwind in the full year 2019. Along with the contribution from the scientific camera, the gas and flame detection and Micralyne acquisitions, that translates to revenues of $3.15 billion for the full year 2019. The increase in our earnings outlook primarily reflects greater anticipated full year margin improvement as well as a more favorable tax rate than previously forecasted. That said, we expect our full year 2019 effective tax rate to be higher than 2018 by over 200 basis points.  I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Susan Main: Thank you, Al, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and Al, and then I will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2019 outlook. In the third quarter, record cash flow from operating activities was $150.9 million compared with cash flow of $141.9 million for the same period of 2018. The cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter of 2019 reflected the impact of higher operating income and cash flow from recent acquisitions, partially offset by higher income tax payments.  Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $125.8 million in the third quarter of 2019 compared with $121 million in 2018. Capital expenditures were $25.1 million in the third quarter compared to $20.9 million for the same period of 2018. Depreciation and amortization expense was $27.9 million in the third quarter compared to $27.3 million for the same period of 2018.  We ended the quarter with $796.9 million of net debt. That is $925.4 million of debt less cash of $128.5 million for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 23.7%. Stock option compensation expense was $5.7 million in the third quarter of 2019 compared with $4.6 million in the third quarter of 2018.  Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2019 will be in the range of $2.71 to $2.76 per share. And for the full year 2019, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $10.37 to $10.42, an increase from the prior outlook of $9.86 to $9.96. The 2019 full year estimated tax rate excluding discrete items is expected to be 21.9%, a 60 basis point increase compared to full year 2018. In addition, we currently expect less discrete tax items in 2019 compared with 2018, which as Al mentioned, would increase our effective tax rate in 2019, over 200 basis points.  I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We'd like now to take your questions. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will begin with the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies.
Gregory Konrad: Just wanted to start with organic growth in the quarter. I mean, I think it was stronger than expected. Is there any way to think about what specifically has surprised the upside? And is that more on the short-cycle or longer-cycle side of the business?
Robert Mehrabian: Fundamentally, I think we had good growth in our marine businesses. As Al mentioned before, we're enjoying a good backlog, increased revenues. And that was over 7%, 7.5% about. We also had really good growth in our defense electronic businesses, which resulted on an average of about over 10% for Aerospace and Defense Electronics. And Engineered Systems also came up with about 11% growth plus -- 11%-plus growth. So when you add all of those up -- and Instruments did okay. It was just shy of 4%. And so when you add all of those up, it comes to about 5%. Digital Imaging was flat with -- Al said, with the products that serve the consumer electronics flight panel display and some of the electronic manufacturing circuit board inspection down, made up significantly with our health care and other programs.
Gregory Konrad: And then just you mentioned A&D electronics. I mean, is there any way to think about the visibility within the defense business as we head into 2020? Any specific areas driving the A&D electronics strength? And then maybe any potential risk from a CR?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, CR is always a problem. I can't -- for us. On the other hand, most of our defense electronics contracts are long-term contracts, multiyear contracts. Right now, we think in 2020, we're going to enjoy good growth in our defense electronics businesses primarily because of the backlog, which stays strong. I would say we're looking at -- right now, we're looking at 9 to 12 months ahead in that businesses.  Also, marine looks good. This is the fourth quarter that we've had good orders in our marine businesses. And some of our marine businesses are also, as you know, defense-related businesses. We just received an order, for example, for our underwater vehicles, which are Gavia vehicles. And some of our -- also, some of our gliders are doing well. And so overall, I think across all of our portfolio, defense electronics is doing very well, as well as the marine defense part of the marine businesses. And of course, we just announced -- in our Engineering Systems segment, we just announced that -- an expansion of our work for the underwater vehicles for our special ops. That's now gone into production.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company.
James Ricchiuti: I was wondering if, Robert, if you might be able to provide a little bit of color on some of the -- on the bookings in some of the other segments. I mean, clearly, marine is -- you're continuing to see good orders. How about the rest of the business?
Robert Mehrabian: I think, overall, we're close to one, with marine being over one. Some of our environmental and T&M businesses are slightly below one, but that's probably also because those are very short-cycle businesses, somewhere between 2 and 6 weeks. So it's hard to predict. Digital Imaging, I think we'll end the year just shy of one. I'd say, 0.98, 0.97. Aerospace and Defense Electronics will be one. And Engineered Systems is over 1. In general, when you cut across all our businesses. In Q3, we were just shy of 1, but I think we'll end the year a little over one.
James Ricchiuti: Okay. And just on the Micralyne acquisition, wondering if you could talk a little bit about that. What does it do from the standpoint of allowing you to accelerate the growth of the MEMS business? I'm wondering if you could just provide some color on the growth in this business. I guess you've had -- you've been capacity-constrained. I'm assuming it's going to help that as well.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Jim, two things. First, it's -- we are -- we've been making investments in our Bromont MEMS facility to expand our capabilities. We've spent a significant amount of resources there. But even with those expansions, we're constrained in terms of capacity. So -- and most of those lines there are also being converted to 200-millimeter or 8-inch lines. What we don't have there is the kinds of substrates that we can enjoy with Micralyne. We usually use a lot of silicon substrates for our MEMS devices. What Micralyne brings us is polymer and gold substrate capabilities, which is good for biotech. And it also has capability in developing new products and then transitioning those products to our larger MEMS facility.  It's a really good business. On the other hand, some of the customers have been concerned as to when they invest in that business and develop new products, where would the next phase of production be. Now we're able to offer that to them because they have primarily a 6-inch facility, and we can transition those products to our 200-millimeter or 8-inch facility. It's a good acquisition for us. That puts us as number one independent multiproduct MEMS foundry in the world.
James Ricchiuti: Got it. So it also -- it sounds like it's also getting -- broadening out your market presence in getting -- it sounds like getting some new customers as well?
Robert Mehrabian: Absolutely. Especially in the biotech area.
Operator: And next, we will go to the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen.
Joseph Giordano: Can you talk a little bit about the visibility into 2020 for the radiation sensing business, assuming that we don't get new customers in surgical or mammography, just from what we have now with dental kind of technology shift? And then maybe if you can kind of scale what new customers in those fields might add over a couple of years or something.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start by saying we think in 2020, without any new customers and applications like Nano [ph], it should be in the mid-single digits. Right now, we have good orders, and we expect that to continue. On the other hand, we're also moving up the top scale in terms of our capabilities to add to what we provide our customers there. And we have also some new products that are coming out. So we're kind of bullish about our Digital Imaging health care businesses overall. Now as we -- if we get new customers, of course, those single-digit, mid-single-digit growth would increase.
Joseph Giordano: Okay. It seems like incrementally, you've shifted a bit from kind of maybe portfolio cultivations to portfolio optimization a little bit internally. And in that context, if I look at your margins on a gross basis versus some of the high-class competitive set that you're comped against, there is a pretty sizable gap. Some of it's structural, understandable with the cost-plus nature in R&D spend. But can you talk to what that gap is, in your minds, like that is available to close? And what are some of the levers that you could pull to get there over the next couple of years?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. For sure. Let's start with where we are. We've been improving our margins continuously from last year to this year. When we finish the year this year, our margins should be up about 120 basis points, maybe 125. We started the year thinking it could be 55. Last quarter, we thought it'd be more like 65 to 85. Now we think it's going to be higher this year when we close the year. So we're improving our margins.  But having said that, if you go to our total operating margin, which will be around 15.6% by year-end, because first quarter was low, obviously; this quarter was okay at 16%. I think there's a gap depending on how you look at comps for us. A lot of the comps report non-GAAP numbers, so you got to kind of sift through all of that to get to the bottom of what they're reporting. But having said that, I think there's an opportunity for us to improve our margins, certainly 200 to 400 basis points over the next couple of three years. I would say probably conservative with 100 basis points a year. I expect we should do that next year, primarily because we are now undertaking a lot of activities to look at our many P&Ls in the various businesses and to see which one of our products we should -- we're not making much money on and we should abandon, and which one of our customers we're not making much money on and focus where our -- we can make money using the concepts like 80-20, et cetera.  So I think that's the good part. We've been growing with the acquisitions, and we've been improving everything that we bought. Now I think we can also improve our basic businesses. And frankly, I like that. I hate to be at the very top of the margin and earn $10.40 and have nowhere to go.
Joseph Giordano: That's very helpful. And then last for me, are you seeing at least a sequential bottoming in the industrial machine vision? And maybe can you take us through your normal margin outlook by segment for the full year?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think we're seeing some bottoming, and actually, some positive signs in the semi area. In the consumer electronics, things are still weak. There are some new products being introduced in the flat panel area, which we think will help. By and large, there's an overcapacity right now for existing handheld devices, et cetera. So I think that remains -- what we see in the consumer electronics, we see some improvements coming. So I'd say it's probably -- you're right, it's probably close to the bottom, with some potential upside.  The flip side of it, I should mention, is that we have an opportunity to expand in adjacent markets, adjacent markets being from food sourcing, to traffic control, to lithium-ion battery inspection, et cetera, which are new areas for us. And I think that will offset some of the declines that we saw. And as you know, our Digital Electronics overall is a balanced portfolio just like Teledyne. It goes from health care to inspection of flat panel displays to MEMS, et cetera.  Now if we go to the margin questions that you asked. We think that for the full year, if I may, instruments should enjoy significant margin improvement over last year. Maybe 300, 340 basis points over last year. So we should end up about 17.8%, 17.7%. That kind of implies an 18 -- over 18% in Q4.  Digital Imaging, I think it will be flat with last year, about 17.7%, maybe 17.6%. That implies that we'll improve in Q4 over Q3, but not all the way to what we had in Q2. In Defense and Aerospace, I expect that our margins to be strong. I think we'll stay about over 21%, maybe 21.3%, 21.4%.  Engineered Systems, because of some of the realignment, we sent some of our made-to-print products into that segment. So we think a little margin contraction from last year end up with about 9.6%, 9.7%. Overall, I think if you added our margin, we think the segments should enjoy margins of about 17.6%, 130 basis points above last year. And the total company, considering we had a low first quarter, should end up at 15.6% above -- Joe -- I said Jim, I meant, Joe, sorry. We should end 120 basis points above last year. I hope that helps.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of George Godfrey with CLK.
George Godfrey: Nice quarter, as always. I heard your -- I got -- jumped on the call late. I heard the organic revenue growth, or saw in the press release for the company as a whole. Can you just give me that by segment? If I missed it, I apologize.
Robert Mehrabian: No problem. Be happy to. We -- for Q3, it's 5%. In the instruments, it's 3.7%, with marine leading at 7.8%. Digital Imaging is flat. Aerospace and Defense Electronics is about 10.5%, followed by Engineered Systems at 11.5%, which concludes at 5% for the quarter. And I don't know if you caught the year, but the year, we're projecting overall, a 4% increase.
George Godfrey: Yes, I did, Robert. And then...
Robert Mehrabian: And that includes 100 basis points of foreign exchange headwind, as Al mentioned.
George Godfrey: Got it. And then just one other question is on the Digital Imaging, the margin's down year-over-year. What was the product mix, specifically the products that contributed either the higher margin a year ago or the lower margin this quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: I think, in general, the higher-margin businesses are in the machine vision for flat panel display. We have a very good position there, probably over 85%. And when that -- and we enjoy good margins there. Some of the margins in health care, even though health care was up, are a little lower than that because we're still taking large orders, multiyear orders. And we have some development product -- development programs there.  Some of our defense and space programs in Digital Imaging are cost-plus programs. So that, by its nature, is a little lower margin. But I think if you look at the broader job aspect of it, I think Digital Imaging, this probably would be the lower-margin quarter that are the 16.9%. Q1 was, of course, lower at 15.7%. We think margins will recover in Q4, maybe go over 17% -- 17.43 -- 17.3%, 17.4%. I hope that helps, George.
Operator: And next, we'll go back to the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company.
James Ricchiuti: Yes, I was wondering in the electronic test and measurement business, it looks like you're up against some tough comps in the scopes business in protocol analyzers. I'm also wondering if any of that, what you're seeing, might be some macro weakness. I know in the oscilloscope market, I guess, you have some automotive exposure. Is there any signs of macro-related weakness? Or is this just a case of tough comparisons?
Robert Mehrabian: I think your first observation of tough comps is correct. There is a little issue with some restrictions that are imposed on Chinese customers, primary customer. But our exposure there is relatively low compared to our competitors'. It's less than $3 million. Having said that, we also -- in our protocol businesses, we're transitioning to a whole new series of products. We're going, for example in PCI Express, from Gen 4 to Gen 5. And people always wait and not order until the Gen 5 is totally accepted and being used. So some of that weakness is a timing issue.  Going back to the oscilloscopes. I think that's more of a comp issue. As you indicated, we seem to have a good demand in some of our automotive businesses. There might be a little headwind in Europe. Certainly, China trade issues are affecting us. But I'm relatively positive about our oscilloscope business. I'm very bullish about our protocol businesses.
James Ricchiuti: Good. Then final question from me, Robert. You made some what would appear to be nice acquisitions over the past year. What's the pipeline like? How active is it? And what are you seeing out there?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, the same. We see some small acquisitions that have to be -- that have to fit pretty well within our portfolio. And we see a couple of midsized acquisitions. But competition is stiff, especially on the midsized acquisitions. We're really fortunate to carve up two nice acquisitions from two larger companies, the most recent one being 3M. And hopefully, other large companies, which we feel is very positive. This is because those acquisitions we did in a two month period with very little hassle. Having said that, there are some acquisitions in our pipeline, and we certainly do have over $1 billion in capacity to do what we want.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. 
Robert Mehrabian: I think we're okay. Operator, if it's okay, I would like Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Linda, and thanks again, everyone, for joining us on the call today. If you do have follow-up questions, certainly feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release, or e-mail me the schedule, the time to speak. And again, all our news releases are available on our website. And the replay of this call is available for approximately one month. Thanks, everyone. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 a.m. Pacific today through November 23 at midnight. You may access the replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701, and entering the access code 473038. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844 and enter the access code of 473038. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Teledyne Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded.And I'd like to turn the conference call over to our host Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Executive Vice President and I'd like to welcome everyone at Teledyne's second quarter 2019 earnings release conference call.We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian; President and CEO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary Melanie Cibik.After remarks by Robert, Al and Sue we will ask for your questions. Of course though, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and their periodic SEC filings. And of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via webcast and dial-in will be available for about one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our earnings call. Today, we reported the strongest quarter in Teledyne's history. Sales and earnings per share were all-time record.Operating margin was also an all-time record and each of these exceeded prior records by a significant magnitude. Specifically in the second quarter, sales increased 6.8% including approximately negative 1.2% of currency headwind, organic growth was 3.6%.Earnings per share of $2.80 increased 20.7% compared to last year. Also we have increased our emphasis on margin improvement, while at the same time continuing our proven strategy of disciplined capital deployment for compound growth in earnings and cash flow. On that point, we are pleased to announce the acquisition of 3M's gas and flame detection businesses during this quarter. We expect to close this acquisition in the third quarter.Teledyne continues to benefit from our balanced portfolio of common technologies serving different, but complementary end markets. Our 2019 outlook reflect strong growth in our Life Sciences and Defense Imaging businesses, which more -- or more than offsetting declines in some industrial machine vision businesses. In addition, our Defense and Space Electronics businesses should far more than as offset some lower sales of avionics to certain commercial air transform -- platforms.Finally, our balance sheet remains exceptionally strong. In fact, our quarter end leverage ratio of 1.4% was the lowest in five years.I will now pass the call to Al and he will comment on the performance of our four business segments.
Al Pichelli: Thank you, Robert. In our Instrumentation segment overall second quarter sales increased 0.6% from last year. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased 12.2% organically. The strong growth was once again led by sales of protocol analyzers. However, sales of oscilloscopes also increased at double-digit rates.In the environmental domain, sales increased 2.0% largely as a result of greater sales of selected laboratory and scientific instruments. Sales of Marine instruments decreased 6.1% in the quarter, but the book-to-bill was 1.21 with quarterly orders and backlog the largest in four years. In addition, profit margins improved as we benefited from aggressive cost reductions and business simplification initiatives. Overall Instrumentation segment's operating profit increased 19.8% and margin increased 298 basis points with margins increasing in each product grouping.Turning to Digital Imaging segment. Second quarter sales increased 11.5%. Sales of our proprietary medical and dental x-ray detectors increased significantly year-over-year. Sales of Micro Electro-Mechanical Systems or MEMS also grew significantly. Sales of advanced infrared detectors and data converters for Space and Defense increased over 10% compared to last year.Finally, the scientific and industrial cameras acquired from Roper performed nicely in the first full quarter with sales increasing 5.7% comparable pre-acquisition period in 2018.The strong growth in these businesses, more than offset expected declines and the portion of our industrial machine vision business, which serve consumer electronics in fact during automation markets, especially in Asia.GAAP segment operating profit increased. And margin increased 167 basis points to 20.9%, a record for the segment. I should note, however, that our sales mix was especially strong in the second quarter. And in part due to final shipments of nonrecurring products.However, we do expect segment operating margin in the second half of the year to resemble the overall level for the first half of 2019. Just not at the level of the second quarter.In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, second quarter sales increased 10.1% primarily due to strong growth across the majority of our Defense Electronics businesses.But in particular, sales of microwave devices and their interconnects are radar electronic warfare and satellite communications, as well as specialty high reliability semiconductors.Segment operating margin increased 120 basis points to 20.6% primarily due to greater sales, but also due to margin improvement across the majority of our Aerospace and Defense businesses.In the Engineered Systems segment, second quarter revenue increased 6.3%, with strong sales related to space and nuclear manufacturing programs, partially offset by lower sales of cruise missile engines.Segment operating profit declined slightly year-over-year, but improved significantly from the first quarter of 2019. Before turning to Sue, I want to offer some additional commentary regarding our increased 2019 outlook.We continue to believe that organic revenue growth in the full year 2019 will be approximately 4%, inclusive of roughly 120 basis points of currency headwind in the first half of 2019.Along with the contribution from the scientific camera's acquisition that translate to revenue of just over $3.1 billion, for the full year 2019. The increase in our earnings outlook primarily reflects greater, anticipated full year margin improvement.I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you, Al, and good morning everyone.I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and Al, and then I will discuss our third quarter and full-year 2019 outlook. In the second quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $83.2 million compared with cash flow of $107.9 million for the same period of 2018.The cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter of 2019, reflected higher working capital requirements, including the timing of accounts receivable collection, partially offset by the impact of higher operating income and lower income tax payments.Free cash flow that is, cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $65.1 million in the second quarter of 2019 compared with $80.5 million in 2018. Capital expenditures were $18.1 million in the second quarter compared to $27.4 million for the same period of 2018.Depreciation and amortization expense was $27.1 million in the second quarter compared to $27.6 million for the same period of 2018. We ended the quarter with $683.6 million of net debt that is $791.7 million of debt, less cash of $108.1 million for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 21.7%.Stock option compensation expense was $5.8 million in the second quarter of 2019 compared with $5.4 million in the second quarter of 2018.Turning to our outlook, Management currently believes, that GAAP earnings per share in the third quarter of 2019 will be in the range of $2.50 to $2.55 per share. And for the full year 2019, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $9.86 to $9.96, an increase from the prior outlook of $9.45 to $9.55.The 2019 full year estimated tax rate excluding discrete items is expected to be 21.9%, a 60 basis point increase compared to full year 2018. In addition, we currently expect less discrete tax items in 2019 compared with 2018.I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Nick, if you're ready to proceed with the question-and-answers. Please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We do have a few questions in queue. The first question is from Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning. Great quarter.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg.
Greg Konrad: I was hoping you could maybe baseline the margins for the other segments outside of Digital Imaging and maybe your expectations for the year. I mean, both Instrumentation and the Electronics also had nice step-ups. I'm just trying to get a sense of how mix maybe plays into those margins. And maybe some of the initiatives that you've done around margins?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Greg, I'll try. First, as Al mentioned, we expect some improvement in margin, but fairly consistent with the overall first half of the year, but let me walk you through the various margins. If you look at instruments, the first half of the year, the margins were about 17.1%. We expect the year to finish off in total a little better than that at 17.3% and I'll remind you that in April, I mentioned that that was 16.5%. So we have some improvement moving up. In Digital Imaging, first quarter was low at 15.7%, second quarter was higher and we ended up with average margin for the first half of 18.4%. We think the full year as of right now should be about 18%.In Aerospace and Defense, we had a really good quarter -- second quarter. The average for the first half of the year was about 19.7%. We will -- probably are expecting that to pick up a little bit to about 19.9% for the year. Going to Engineered Systems, we had a modest margin in the first half of 8.1%. We expect that to improve somewhat to about 9.5% by the end of the year. And lastly, if you add all the segments up together, we expect year total margin -- operating margin for the segments to be about 17.4% that's against the backdrop of 17% that I mentioned in April. And then for the total company right now we are expecting a margin -- operating margin of about 15.3%, which is up from 15% in April at the end of the first quarter. I hope that answers your question, Greg.
Greg Konrad: That was very helpful. And then just one more. I mean, the last two deals you've done have been carve-outs from larger corporations. I mean, is that an opportunity maybe that you're seeing more today versus a year ago? And just general views on kind of the pipelines that continue to do M&A?
Robert Mehrabian: We have a healthy pipeline, Greg. We are -- the reason we like the carve-outs is that the valuation expectations are more reasonable. Usually the larger companies that we have -- we're dealing with have reasonable P/E ratios and their expectations when they carve something out is not as high as stand-alone companies. So we like that a lot. Having said that, that's kind of opportunistic. While we look for it it's -- we would like it to be able to hit two of them in one year. Having said that, in general, we do have a reasonably healthy funnel of potential acquisitions and we anticipate to move forward some small and hopefully some medium-size acquisitions in the future.
Greg Konrad: Thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Next, we have a question from the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, thank you. Robert, I wonder if you can give us a little bit of color on the book-to-bill for the various segments. And then, I've got a couple of follow-ups. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I'll try Jim. First in the instruments businesses the book-to-bill is over 1, it's 1.08, primarily as Al mentioned, is driven by our Marine instruments that are above -- over 1.2. So instrument is over 1. Digital Imaging is under one somewhat we think probably about 0.9, 0.95. Aerospace and Defense is a little different than the others, because the orders there especially in Defense are lumpy. We had a good first quarter book-to-bill and we think for the full-year, it probably would be just under 1, maybe 0.98, 0.99. Engineered Systems is again lumpy. As you know, we have big programs. First quarter book-to-bill was 1.43, second quarter is about one. We expect we'll end the year at a little over one, maybe 1.03. And overall, we think the book-to-bill for the year would be about one maybe 0.99, so fairly stable. We have some ups and downs, but because of our balanced portfolio, we believe we'll do all right.
Jim Ricchiuti: So, book-to-bill for the quarter, it sounds like around one?
Robert Mehrabian: It's about 0.96, 0.97, but it's kind of -- as with everything goes you have to balance it versus first quarter. First quarter was 1.07. So, when you balance those two, it's slightly over one.
Jim Ricchiuti: Great. That's helpful. I keep anticipating you to call out some slowing in the test and measurement business, but you continue to show strong results there. How sustainable is that? What you're seeing and then particularly with even a scopes business starting to showing pretty good growth in this quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes Jim. There are two -- as you know there are two parts to it. There is the scope business and the protocol businesses. In the protocol businesses, we had really good growth this quarter, about 15%. And primarily that's driven by our increased emphasis on serving the cloud computing industry and we're -- we developed our next-generation of PCI Express which are protocols. And the growth in cloud computing and connectivity of Internet of Things to the cloud are helping us a lot and we're continually developing new products.On the scope side, we've had reasonably good growth and we anticipate for the year though not to be as robust as we indicated in the second quarter, but still we should have a growth in excess of perhaps 5.5% in overall test and measurement. So, we like that area and frankly, we're putting a lot of money -- R&D money in that area. On the average across Teledyne, we spend about 6.1% of our sales in R&D and then we get 2% to 3% from outside. When you come to T&M especially, we spend over 18% in R&D and I think that's what's driving the new product, which are helping us gain market share.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. That's helpful. Rob, do you think we're seeing a bottom yet in your industrial machine vision business?
Robert Mehrabian: I don't think so. I think it's difficult to predict. Some of it depends of course on what happens between us and China. I think you have to look at our machine business as different areas that we endeavor in. In the flat-panel displays which is about $50 million of our overall machine businesses, Digital Imaging businesses, that area is being hit hard.To offset that though, as you know, we have a whole bunch of other things that we do in Digital Imaging from x-rays and so on. But even in that specific segment, we are trying to move into and we have moved into adjacent market such as line scan sensors for food inspection, we're looking at intelligent traffic systems, we have some sales there and we're seeing some interest in our cameras in vehicle batteries and consumer electronic batteries.And then as you know, we did acquire the scientific camera businesses from Roper and those are kind of immune to that part of the market. So, yes, I don't expect much recovery. I'm not counting on any recovery at this time that's why we're a little conservative in our machine vision businesses, our Digital Imaging businesses.Having said all of that, excluding acquisitions, we still expect somewhere between 2.5% to 3% of organic growth in that segment of Digital Imaging, plus we'll get another 8% or 9% -- 9.5% maybe as high as 9.5% from the acquisition. So, in this market where everybody is kind of negative on overall Digital Imaging, we expect to end the year at over 12% growth in that segment.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. Thanks. Congratulations on the quarter.Thank you, very much.
Operator: Next we'll go to the line of Andrew DeGasperi with Berenberg.
Andrew DeGasperi: Yes. Thank you. I guess my first question would be on your partnership with Viasat for connected flight deck services. I know that they plan or they service about 1,300 aircraft today I think close to 2,000 by the end of the year. How big of an opportunity is this for you?
Robert Mehrabian: I think it's a good opportunity for us, but I have to tell you Andrew, it's a little early for me to quantify that. We're delighted to be partnering with them, but on the flip side, it's a little early for me to estimate how successful and how robust it's going to be.There is -- it's a new area as you know streaming data from flight over satcom. We're familiar with that domain. We have other customers in the satcom domain. So we hope more, but it's a little early to estimate what -- how robust that would be.
Andrew DeGasperi: Thanks. And maybe on the Marine side, I know your comps are getting easier going into the second half. Do you expect sort of growth to return at that -- at this stage?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. The answer is yes. We expect that for the year that we will have approximately a little over 4% maybe as high as 4.3% growth in the Marine domain. As you know we had contraction in the second quarter. But as Al mentioned, we have -- our orders are very robust. They were over 1.2%.And the other thing that's happening is both offshore production and exploration are picking up the data that indicate the exploration and production numbers -- growth numbers would be somewhere between 7% and 9%. And so we're kind of tracking that. There are some good orders coming in Christmas trees, the number of Christmas trees projected for this year are the highest that we've seen in the last three years. So we do expect growth of over 4%.
Andrew DeGasperi: Got it. And maybe lastly 3M's gas and flame detection business, I was just wondering do you have an idea of how that's been growing? Or what do you expect it to do once you absorb it?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. So it's a low single-digit growth business. We think that it should be a little better than that for us, primarily because the market that they play in while they're very different from us, the underlying technologies are very complementary, and there is synergy between the area of the world that they serve in and the areas of the world that we serve in in our environmental products. We think we'll be able to piggyback some of their products into ours.So I think single-digit right now, low single-digit, but we think that that should improve us by the way it did the scientific camera businesses after we acquired it. So right now we're hopeful that we can improve on what they're doing.
Andrew DeGasperi: Great. Thanks, Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Next we have a question from Joe Giordano with Cowen.
Joe Giordano: Hey, Good afternoon guys. Good morning for you.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Joe.
Joe Giordano: Hey. So I wanted to start on Instrumentation margins. You've got a lot of different businesses within there, but I think margins came in obviously much higher than most people are modeling ,but I think also a lot higher than you guys were anticipating as well. So what kind of have happened in the quarter there? Was it just mix? Was there something else that came through that you weren't expecting or cost savings coming too faster? Can you maybe talk us through that a little bit?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. I would say Joe the best thing that happened in the instrumentation area from a margin perspective was the improvement in our margins in our Marine businesses. There we had -- we've been kind of suffering from reorganization cutting our workforce reducing our footprint, but I think now things are getting colder and our margins improved significantly there.The others -- the surprised part of it is really in the test and measurement area. We acquired LeCroy about 2012. And when we look back at what's happened to their margins during this span of time, we've had a 500 basis points improvement in margin and that helped us. So because revenues were higher than we anticipated in both protocols and oscilloscopes, our margins were significant -- or surprisingly significant in the second quarter.So, overall instruments margin as you know in Q2 was about 18.6% versus 15.6% in the first quarter. We expect that we won't probably stay at 18.6%, but for the full year, we'll go at 17.3%, which is still pretty good compared to 2018. So, that's a 280 basis points improvement over the 14.4% that we had in 2018.
Joe Giordano: Can you just scale for me? So you mentioned marine margin, so that was up and I assume up nicely year-on-year on a quarter where marine revenues were down. Can you scale how far below segment average is marine currently?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me see. The marine margins right now are approximately 15%, 15.5%, whereas the segment, as I just noted, was over 18%. Having said that, the improvement in marine is hopefully sustainable because of the cost-out that we have had, and also because we expect the second half to pickup in revenue and end the year in marine organic growth over 4%, which would be very nice for us.
Joe Giordano: And I'm -- its right to say that when this business was really humming back a couple of years ago that business was higher than segment average, correct?
Robert Mehrabian: A couple of years ago, it was 18% to 20%. It wasn't a couple of years ago. It was 2015, 2014. I would say, it was 18%, 19%. It's been as high as 20%, but let's just say on the average of 18% to 19%. So we're slowly climbing up to that plateau.
Joe Giordano: Okay. And then last for me on free cash flow a little bit lighter in the quarter. The commentary sounds somewhat temporary with some working capital and some receivables, but can you maybe talk us through how that reconciles throughout the rest of the year?
Robert Mehrabian: We think it'll improve in the second half. We think it improved significantly. We think for the year, we should end up somewhere between $370 million to $400 million. My CFO is looking at me saying you told them too big a number.
Joe Giordano: They prefer less and more challenging, its fine.
Robert Mehrabian: Why you got it do.
Joe Giordano: Thanks, guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to the line of George Godfrey with CL King.
George Godfrey: Thank you. Good morning, Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, George.
George Godfrey: As always, excellent job on the execution. My question relates to acquisitions and perhaps adding another leg out of the stool. Do you see the company remaining in these four areas? Or could you see a fifth area outside of the Instrumentation Digital Imaging, A&D and Engineered Systems being added? And then, looking at Engineered System, the operating margin is pretty well below what the other three businesses are. Do you see divestitures perhaps in that segment? Thanks.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Good question. The fifth leg of that stool maybe just think about that one, right now I don't think so. George, it's a tough goal to go outside of what we know, recognizing the fact that our segment will have a broad portfolio of products and markets. For example, if you look at our Digital Imaging segment, we serve about the third of it is in machine vision we talked about that.We have about a quarter of that in health care, then we have another quarter, that's in Aerospace and Defense, and then we have of course the MEMS and then we have LiDARs and geospatial, et cetera. So it's a broad portfolio of businesses. It'll be easier if we were to add to those, because we're more knowledgeable about that and we're also in the medical domain. There are lot of other things that just x-rays and the stuff that we do for medical devices for cancer treatments radiation.Having said that, we think we can move away from some of those areas like we did in scientific cameras from Roper. So, I don't think we need to go to a fifth lap, because we have a nice balanced portfolio of businesses.Regarding the second part of your question about divestiture, yeah, our Engineered Systems segment, the margin is approximately 10%, sometimes goes as far as 11%. I don't think we would divest those businesses. The reason being very simple there is a -- it's a very little assets in that business and it kicks off about $20 million to $25 million in IBT, which adds $0.50 to $0.60 of earnings. And I just don't see how we can make that up by divesting and paying taxes and try to make that cash though the $0.50, $0.60 that we're getting from that business.The final area there is we do have a lot of engineering talent there, as they are helping us move into systems in other fields that we would have a problem going by ourselves. For example, we sell gliders to the Navy. For example, Navy deployed 140 of our gliders in one of single operations this year, and that kind of a system's capability we have it only in our Engineered Systems. So, a lot of our gliders' sales and developments are coming there and, of course, as you know, we have a very big program, very strong program in underwater shallow water combat vehicles for our Navy SEAL.So, the answer is not likely that we would sell that, because things like the shallow water combat vehicles use a lot of instruments from our Marine instruments whether they are images, whether they are sonars for detecting mines or detecting shores. So, I don't see that. It first doesn't make sense. Secondly, it's a nice platform for us to get into systems businesses without other businesses.
George Godfrey: Understood, Robert. Thank you for taking my question.
Robert Mehrabian: You bet. Thank you, George.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, thank you, Nick. I would ask Jason to now conclude our conference call please.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert and again, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. If you have follow-up questions, of course, please feel free to call me at the number in the earnings release and other news releases are on our website, as well as the replays on teledyne.com.Nick, if you could conclude the call, and give the replay information for everyone we'd appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Certainly. Today's conference call will be available for replay beginning at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time and running through August 24. You may access the AT&T playback system by dialing one 1-800-475-6701 and enter the access code of 469739. International callers may use 320-365-3844. Again those numbers are toll free 800-475-6701 or for international callers 320-365-3844 with a common access code of 469739.That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for participating and using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Teledyne Technologies First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason VanWees: Great, thank you. Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Executive Vice President, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's first quarter 2019 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian; President and CEO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and SVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert, Al and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And yes, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning everyone and thank you for joining our earnings call. We began 2019 with a strongest first quarter in the Company's history. Sales, earnings, operating margin and cash flow were all records for any first quarter. I'm very pleased with the breadth of our performance across both our short cycle and long cycle businesses with increased sales in every business segment and major product line. Specifically, in the first quarter sales increased 7.1% of which 5.1% was organic, including 1.3% of currency headwind. Earnings per share of $2.02 increased 11.6% compared to last year. In what is a seasonally weaker period, record first quarter free cash flow of $59 million allowed us to complete the scientific camera acquisition from Roper with only a modest increase in our leverage ratio, that's our debt-to-EBITDA ratio from 1.5 at the end of 2018 to 1.6 as of March 31, 2019. We also continued to execute our proven strategy, first, to process a well balanced and focused business portfolio. Teledyne is not a complex company, but rather a portfolio of related companies and products with common underlying technologies that serve different customers and markets. Second, we want to continue to improve our operations and, third, to compound growth in earnings and free cash flow, driven by both organic growth and complementary acquisitions. On that final point, our balance sheet remains exceptionally strong and our acquisition pipeline is healthy. Nevertheless, we always remain a very disciplined acquirer, allocating capital prudently as we successfully integrate acquired businesses. I will now pass the call to Al and he will comment on the performance of our four business segments.
Al Pichelli: Thank you, Robert. In our Instrumentation segment, overall first quarter sales increased 7.3% from last year. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased 21% organically, albeit with an easy comparison. Strong growth was once again led by sales of protocol analyzers. However, sales of specialty digitizers and oscilloscopes also increased a double-digit rate. In the environmental domain, sales increased 6.4%, largely as a result of greater sales of industrial and process gas analyzers and selected laboratory and scientific instruments. Sales of marine instruments increased slightly in the quarter. Book-to-bill was 1.13 and margins improved as we began to benefit from the aggressive cost reductions in prior periods. Overall, Instrumentation segment operating profit increased 44% and margin increased 392 basis points as a result of greater sales of higher gross margin environmental and electronic test and measurement instruments and from margin improvement and some sales growth within the marine business. Turning to Digital Imaging segment, first quarter sales increased 11.5%. Sales of our proprietary medical and dental X-ray detectors increased significantly year-over-year. Sales of micro electro-mechanical systems or MEMS also grew significantly due in part to increased shipments of consumables for life sciences and extreme UV lithography. Sales of advanced detectors and data converters for space and defense increased nearly 10% compared to last year. Finally, the scientific and industrial cameras acquired from Roper performed nicely in the first two months with Teledyne. GAAP segment operating profit increased, but margin declined 67 basis points from last year. However, excluding M&A transaction costs and purchase accounting expenses from the Roper acquisition, segment margin increased slightly from last year. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, first quarter sales increased 3.9% primarily due to strong growth across the majority of our defense electronics businesses, but in particular sales of microwave devices for radar and electronic warfare, as well as specialty high reliability semiconductors. Segment operating margin increased 48 basis points to 18.7% primarily due to larger sales, but also due to margin improvement broadly across the aerospace and defense businesses. In the Engineering Systems segment, first quarter revenue increased 1.4% with strong sales related to missile defense and nuclear manufacturing programs, partially offset by lower sales of cruise missile engines and energy systems. Segment operating profit largely reflected 80% year-over-year decline in sales of higher margin turbine engines. However, we currently expect sales to increase in the following three quarters and the margin to improve sequentially. Before turning to Sue, I want to offer some additional commentary regarding our 2019 outlook. Given our strong first quarter results, we currently believe that organic revenue growth in the full year of 2019 will be approximately 4% compared to our prior projection of 35% to 4% in January of this year. Along with the contribution from the scientific cameras acquisition, that translates to revenue of approximately $3.1 billion for the full year of 2019. Finally, given the timing of shipments and backlog also at a record level, we expect a relatively linear ramp in revenue throughout 2019. I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you, Al, and good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and Al, and then I will discuss our second quarter and full-year 2019 outlook. In the first quarter, cash from operating activities was $80.1 million compared with cash flow of $71.6 million for the same period of 2018. The cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter of 2019 reflected the impact of higher operating income, offset by higher income tax payments primarily due to the payment of repatriation taxes under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $58.8 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared with $51.8 million in 2018. Capital expenditures were $21.3 million in the first quarter compared to $19.8 million for the same period of 2018. Depreciation and amortization expense was $27.6 million in the first quarter compared to $28.8 million for the same period of 2018. We ended the quarter with $750.2 million of net debt that is $856.4 million of debt less cash of $106.2 million for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 24.2%. Stock option compensation expense was $8.9 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared with $4.9 million in the first quarter of 2018. Turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2019 will be in the range of $2.38 to $2.43 per share and for the full-year 2019 our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $9.45 to $9.55, an increase from the prior outlook of $9.25 to $9.35. The 2019 full year estimated tax rate is expected to be 22.3% before discrete items, a 100 basis point increase compared to full-year 2018. In addition, we currently expect significantly less discrete items in 2019 compared with 2018. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Brad, if you're ready to proceed, please proceed with the question-and-answers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Just wanted to touch on test and measurement first, I mean, what type of visibility do you have in that business and appreciating the short cycle nature of the business, I mean what are you hearing from your customers, I mean the organic growth has been pretty impressive.
Robert Mehrabian: As you know, Greg, we don't have a whole lot of backlog in that business. I would say, less than a month, maybe three weeks. And so it's not predictable. On the other hand, the business has done exceptionally well starting last year and the first quarter certainly been very positive. We expect it to moderate as the year goes on, especially near the end of the year. On the flip side, as you know we have protocol analyzers and we are doing really well in that domain. So it's the protocol sales, coupled to improve the sales in oscilloscopes, especially the oscilloscopes in Europe and Asia, that have contributed to our growth. But I have to tell you it's very difficult at this point to predict what will happen over the longer term.
Greg Konrad: And then, I mean just tying that into the bigger picture, if you think about the part of the portfolio that short cycle and the 4% expected organic revenue growth for the year, I mean are there specific areas that you've identified as risk or is it more just not having visibility into kind of the back half of the year?
Robert Mehrabian: I think, Greg, as usual we are being a little cautious because we don't have the visibility, as you said, and there is also the unknown that's sitting out there, which is the negotiations with China that can affect our business one way or the other. We are seeing some reduction in our, for example, margins because of the dispute with the Chinese. So we are being cautious basically; yes.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Wondering if you could talk a little bit about bookings by segment. It sounds like you're seeing some very nice bookings in the marine instrumentation area, which I guess suggest the recovery in that business a couple of quarters our, but how has bookings been in some of the other business areas?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me just give you the big picture answer and let Al go more into the details. I think overall bookings are about 1.07, 1.06, the ratio. Instruments pretty much track that. But Al, you want to talk a little bit about the marine and other things?
Al Pichelli: Sure, thank you, Robert. I certainly can. In the marine space we did have some very strong bookings in Q4 of last year and that has continued in Q1. So that right now in the marine we're looking at 1.13 book-to-bill in Q1. And if you move down to the environmental and the test and measurement businesses that Robert just spoke to, those are very short cycle, book and burn, backlog less than a month, so the order to book and bill ratios there is just a hair over 1 and that's what historically has been, we really don't expect that to change. So hence that gives us about 1.07 for the instruments group. If you move down to digital imaging, you know, digital imaging is a fairly broad range of businesses from dental and medical X-rays to MEMS, foundries, to machine vision, to space. And in that area we're a little bit below 1, actually for the quarter we're at 0.95. And if you move down a little bit more to Aerospace, and Defense Electronics, the Aerospace business is sort of flattish, giving some of the activity going on with some of the major airlines and the Defense Electronics, we're on and we've been successful getting on a number of new major programs combined with long running legacy programs and counter measures and data - and the communications and in radar. So that our book-to-bill in that segment looks to be about 1.09, which is a healthy number, and that's also a negative segment in which we have a fairly robust backlog. And then finally in Engineered Systems, you may remember, Engineered Systems programs tend to be very lumpy. The shipments are lumpy, the orders are lumpy and to look at specifically one quarter is not a representation of the activities because the book-to-bill for the quarter was high at a 1.43 although I would probably say Engineered Systems for the year is going to be a book-to-bill of about 1. So if you take all that together, it add up to a book-to-bill for Q1 at 1.07.
Jim Ricchiuti: And you kind of touched on it, but I guess the question is, within Aerospace and Defense, are you seeing any disruption in the commercial aerospace portion of the business in light of some of the challenges that Boeing has been facing?
Robert Mehrabian: Not at this time very much. There are - we are a supplier to Boeing in the 737 MAX. And so we expect some softness in that area until they resolve their issues. And so, we probably will have to take a little bit of a haircut there. We probably delivered perhaps $3 million, $4 million less product. We have about a plan to deliver about $13 million, $14 million. And IDECOM in Q2 mostly primarily because the stoppage in taking product from customers is right now in limbo, but we know Q2 is going to be soft in that domain. So that would be the major negative to our aerospace business. Other than that, I think we're doing OK.
Jim Ricchiuti: And if I may, last question, just on the industrial machine vision area, I heard from one camera supplier that they are actually starting to see some signs of a pickup and maybe it's because there is some easier comparisons coming up in the second half of the year, but are you seeing any signs of that?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, there is some movement. As you know, the OLED manufacturing lines have been pretty quiet in terms of new production coming online. But we are seeing some signs of that. Right now, again, just like I started, it's difficult to predict. But we think that while we started Q1 with digital imaging less than 1, we think the second half is going to be much stronger and we're projecting that we'll end the year a little over 1 with our book-to-bill. And so we expect the rest of the year, especially Q3 and Q4 to be stronger as more lines come online, more production comes online.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of George Godfrey with CL King. Please go ahead.
George Godfrey: Wanted to ask about the operating margin in the instrumentation, really nice increase. Did the margin across marine, environmental or test and measurement vary within the instrumentation, or is it roughly all about the same?
Robert Mehrabian: No. They do vary, George. In the test and measurement, we're in the high teens. In the environmental, we're closer to 20% and in the marine, we are lower within the 11% range, probably go up a little bit as the year goes on, but there is a discrepancy between marine and what we call environmental and test and measurement groups with environmental having the highest margin. Having said that, we expect for the full year, the total instruments, the combination of marine and all, that last year was about 14.4% being negatively affected by marine. We think we'd be up about 200, 210 basis points this year by the time we end the year to about 16.5.
George Godfrey: And I heard you give the organic revenue growth for the quarter as a whole. Can you give us by the segment please and that's it. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, George. Let me just kind of get my numbers. I think in the instruments overall, it was about 7.3% with marine being the lowest, just around 1%. The rest of it made up by environmental, and test and measurement. In digital imaging, organic was about 4.8, in Aerospace and Defense Electronics, it was 3.9 and in Engineered Systems it was 1.5, with that sums up to 5.1 for the total portfolio.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a question from the line of Joe Giordano with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Joe Giordano: I'm curious, in the Instrumentation segment here, is your oscilloscope business accelerating right now or is it decelerating. I know it's growing and you're doing well, but kind of hearing some different color from different players in that space. So, just curious there.
Robert Mehrabian: Right now it's accelerating at least so far in Q1, it's been up about 12% year-over-year. But - that's just oscilloscopes. But as I mentioned before, the protocol analyzes are doing much better than that.
Joe Giordano: And sticking with that, I know it's the energy piece is long cycle. So it takes a lot to play through. But can you talk maybe about the leverage that you'd have to that book-to-bill as it starts to flow through revenue, given how much cost you've taken out and how much smaller that business is and then at peak?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, you're right. At the peak, which was 2014, that business was about $650 million. We think it's going to be closer to $450 million this year and that's with some growth from last year. So significant down in revenue. On the other hand, as you mentioned, we've taken a lot of cost out and our margins are continuously improving. The first quarter, we had really - no, we didn't enjoy a whole lot of improvement. We had - sales were up about 1%. I think second quarter is going to be a little tougher, but our orders are good. We think Q3 and Q4 are going to pick up and I think by the end of the year we should approach about 4.5%, 4.2% in revenue growth, which would be an exceptionally good year considering how bad the last three, four years have been.
Joe Giordano: Can you maybe just scale - I think you mentioned marine margin something like 11% or so. What was that when that business was peak?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, it was over 18%. It was great.
Al Pichelli: Yes.
Robert Mehrabian: We suffered through that one, but we've taken a lot of people out, maybe a third of the workforce, but also we consolidated a lot facilities both here and abroad, and we think what's happening is that business, especially the offshore part of it, the projections are you grow, at least the projections from our customers in the last two weeks in the earnings are between 7% and 14%, 7% on the low side, 14% being on the high side. We're seeing a lot more quotes. We're also for the first time seeing a little more - we're enjoying a little more pricing advantage. It used to be, price, price, price. But now people are more concerned about, can you deliver on time, considering that you have downside so much. So, it's - we think that there'll be a lot more opportunity as we close this year, third quarter and fourth quarter, and certainly in 2020.
Joe Giordano: If I can just sneak one last one in, you mentioned some of the new projects, new multi-year orders you won in, I guess, largely in Defense Electronics, if you can maybe expand on that a little bit and maybe if there's an update on the contested contract that you guys had on the missile defense simulation work?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, an example of the Defense Electronics contract, one large contract is the Silent Knight radar, those are radars that go into our helicopters and they're basically used to be able to track the ground and stay automated, be able to fly automated by looking forward and back and being able to stay 500 feet above ground. That's a nice big contract for us. We do have a integrated Defense Electronic countermeasures program which is called [IDECOM] and that is also a nice big contract for us. But I have to say, within the Defense Electronics, we also do have a commercial program, which is the OneWeb program where we are delivering channelizers for their - which is a big part of their satellites. So that's one. Let me go back to the TBE or our Engineered Systems segment that you brought up. First, the - even there we have some new programs that we've enjoyed recently. Our shallow water program is doing very well. Let me go back to the question you asked on mask. That was - as you know, that was a sequential program to our objectives simulations framework and that was awarded - but that was at least, that was announced that there was another winner in that program. We objected to it, rightfully so because there were some - in our view, there were some serious protests, there were some serious irregularities. And we've been in that program for almost 20 years and the performance was rated very highly. So, the protest is still - they are investigating, there was not what you'd get - anticipate the usual short cycle answer that, the thing was done properly, they are investigating and they - we don't know when they're going to come out with a decision. We think we have a good case. In the meantime, we are continuing to perform on the program. So, that's where that stands.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Brad. If there are no more questions, I'll now ask Jason to conclude our conference call, please.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release and Brad, if you wouldn't mind, if you can just give the replay information at the end of the call and webcast here, that would be ideal. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, today's conference will be available for replay after 10:00 AM today, through May 24. You may access the AT&T teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 entering the access code 464930. International participants may dial 320-365-3844 and those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, again entering the access code 464930. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-23 11:00:00) =====
Jason VanWees: Thank you, Nick, good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Executive Vice President at Teledyne. And I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's fourth quarter and full year 2018 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Executive Chairman, Robert Mehrabian; President and CEO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks, and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. And here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning everyone and thank you for joining our earnings call. I am exceptionally pleased with Teledyne's results, fourth quarter and full year sales and GAAP earnings per share were all time records. In the fourth quarter, sales increased 6.2% all of which was organic. In addition, each business segment experienced growth in sales and operating profit with the vast majority of our commercial and defense businesses growing nicely. Earnings per share of $2.45 increased 33.2% compared to last year. GAAP operating margin was 14.9% and increased 143 basis points from last year. Finally, annual free cash flow of $360.1 million was also a record and allows us to end 2018 with the lowest leverage ratio in over four years. Before turning the call to Al Pichelli, please allow me to digress for one moment. Today the story of Teledyne is about consistent and continuous improvement in financial performance; continuous improvement in operations and prudent capital allocation. It is a story about building a portfolio of related companies and related products with common underlying technologies, but serving different customers and markets, markets that are complementary subject to different business cycles and demand drivers. In other words, balanced; balanced in a way to reduce volatility. For example, within digital imaging strong sales of X-ray detectors and generators for healthcare applications more than offset some softness of standard products related to industrial machine vision. Within instrumentation, sales of environmental and electronic test and measurement instruments increased year-over-year with electronics test and measurement particularly strong. This again more than offset a decline in sales of marine instrumentation. However, operating margin in each of those product lines improved. Finally, organic sales growth of defense electronics was 11.9% which more than offset some expected declines and very tough comparisons in our commercial aerospace markets. I will now pass the call to Al Pichelli and he will comment on the performance of our four business segments.
Al Pichelli: Thank you, Robert. Good morning. In our Instrumentation Segment, overall, fourth quarter sales increased 3.4% from last year. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased 24% organically. Sales are strong across the range of our product lines, but were led by sales of protocol analyzers. For reference, protocol analyzers are designed to generate, capture and analyze high speed data communications across a range of protocols or standards such as universal serial bus or USB, other less familiar protocols were used in data storage and data movement applications. And we continue to benefit from growth in solid-state disk drives and cloud network storage. In the environmental domain, sales increased 3.7% largely as a result of greater sales of selected laboratory and life science instruments as well as continued growth in particular monitoring instrumentation. Sales of marine instruments declined 7.5% in the quarter, but fourth quarter orders increased 50% year-over-year and full year orders increased 10%. Overall, Instrumentation Segment operating profit increased 40% and margin increased 428 basis points, as a result of greater sales of higher gross margin environmental and electronic test and measurement instruments and significant prior cost reductions in the Marine domain. Turning to Digital Imaging Segment, fourth quarter sales increased 9.3%, which was entirely organic. Sales of our proprietary medical and dental x-ray detectors increased significantly year-over-year. In addition, we also achieved robust year-over-year growth in x-ray generators for cancer radiotherapy. Finally, sales of micro-electromechanical systems or MEMS also grew due in part to increased shipments of consumables for life sciences and extreme UV lithography. GAAP segment operating profit increased but margin declined 94 basis points from last year due largely to non-operating items such as stock-based compensation and $1.1 million purchase accounting gain in the prior fourth quarter. In the Aerospace and Defense Segment, fourth quarter sales increased 2.8% primarily due to strong growth across the majority of our defense electronic businesses, but in particular sales of microwave devices for space applications as well as especially high reliability semiconductors. Segment operating margins increased 81 basis points to 20.5% primarily due to greater sales, but also a favorable product mix. In the Engineered Systems Segment, fourth quarter revenue increased 16.3% with strong sales related to missile defense and nuclear aviation and marine manufacturing programs partially offset by lower sales of cruise missile engines. Segment operating profit increased, but margin declined 105 basis points solely as a result of lower sales of fixed priced turbine engines. To conclude, I want to briefly follow up on Robert's earlier comments. We appreciate that our business portfolio is balanced, but we also address issues quickly and decisively when market weakness appears. For example, over the last three years, we have made variable as well as permanent cost reductions in our marine instrumentation businesses. These actions included a 30% decrease in the total workforce and the closure of 20 sites including 4 manufacturing sites in 2018. Finally, throughout this period, none of our earnings are adjusted for such cost actions which totaled nearly $30 million. I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you, Al. Good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and Al, and then, Ill discuss our first quarter and full year 2019 outlook. In the fourth quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $125.5 million compared with cash flow of $126.4 million for the same period of 2017. The cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter of 2018 reflected the impact of higher operating income offset by higher income tax payment. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $106.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 compared with $108.4 million in 2017. Capital expenditures were $18.7 million in the fourth quarter compared to $18 million for the same period of 2017. Depreciation and amortization expense was $29.3 million in the fourth quarter compared to $25.6 million for the same period of 2017. We ended the quarter with $608.1 million of net debt that is $750.6 million of debt and capital leases plus cash of $142.5 million for net debt to capital ratio of 21.4%. Stock option compensation expense was $4.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2018 compared with $3.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. As noted in the earnings release, the fourth quarter of 2018 included $2.5 million of pre-tax severance and facility consolidation costs compared with last year's $0.7 million of similar charges offset by $1.1 million purchase accounting gain related to the e2v transaction. The fourth quarter of 2017 also included provisional charges of $4.7 million as a result of the Tax Cuts and Job Act of 2017 or the Tax Act. In the fourth quarter of 2018, the company finalized its assessment of the Tax Act resulting in a decrease of $0.8 million to the provisional charge. Turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the first quarter of 2019 will be in the range of $1.87 to $1.92 per share. And for the full year 2019, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $9.25 to $9.35. The 2019 full year estimated tax rate is expected to be 22.3% before discrete items a 100 basis point increase compared to 2018. In addition, we currently expect significantly less discrete tax items in 2019 compared with 2018. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. Nick, we'd like now to take questions from the audience. If you're ready to proceed with the question-and-answer period, please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will go to our first question, it's from Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning. I was hoping maybe if you could just give a little bit of color around your organic growth expectations for 2019 and maybe just on a segment basis what the expectations are?
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much and good morning to you. This is Robert. First, let me start with the overall organic growth for 2019. It's a little lower than what I said in October. In October, I said we'd be in -- three months ago, I said it'd be about 5%. We're now projecting between 3.5% and 4%. So put that as a bucket for the overall anticipated growth and part of the slight decrease is because of China tariffs, governments shut down, currency headwinds, et cetera. Let me now go to the segments. We think in the Instruments segment, so we will have some thing of the order of 3.5%, 3.6% in organic growth. Marine a little lower. We'll have a little pickup in marine, but it'll be just below 3%. In other instruments, environmental we expect to pick up about 4%. And in test and measurement about 4.5%. Digital imaging while we are enjoying very strong revenues and growth in our medical and dental products. We have some headwinds in the vision system, machine vision system. So overall, we think revenue growth would be of the order of 4%. Aerospace and Defense, well continue to have a little headwind in aerospace, we expect defense to more than make up for it. And the two combined in that segment should be above 4%. And then engineered systems, I think we'll see some moderation of the growth from this year to next probably about 2% to 2.5%. If you add all of those up it comes to about 3.7%. So I said the range between 2.5% and 4%.
Greg Konrad: Thank you. That's helpful. And then, now not to harp too much on guidance, I mean just your thoughts around margins in '19. I mean I just looking at how you exited the year there was a nice pickup in instrumentation, digital imaging and a little bit more volatile throughout the year. I mean maybe just your thoughts around margins in 2019?
Robert Mehrabian: I think, overall, if I go to GAAP margin, moderate some because we picked up some really nice margins this year as we mentioned. I think it'd be between 50 and 55. We anticipate at this point between 50 and 55 basis points improvement in GAAP operating margin. But going forward, we do have some other headwinds some in taxes below the margin line, some in taxes primarily because we're not going to have as much foreign tax benefit and we're going to have less R&D benefit. And Sue's guidance also is based on the fact that we will have about 400 basis points we expect right now, 400 basis points lower in discrete tax items. To conclude, I think from a segment perspective, our margins in instruments will improve a little bit. Digital imaging will be flat, aerospace and defense will be slightly up and engineered system slightly down, balance all of that we expect the operating margin overall to go up by about 50 to 55 basis points.
Greg Konrad: Thank you. That's helpful. And then, just last one for me, I mean you mentioned the government shutdown. Is that, I mean I know Defense Department remains open, I mean is there other exposure, I know in the past, youve maybe had EPA, or just any impact you're seeing from the shutdown?
Robert Mehrabian: Right now. I don't see an impact to Q1, but having said that, if this goes on for a long time some of our programs would be affected. We would not get renewals and we're being a little cautious obviously between that and what's happening with the trade disputes that we have. So we're being a little cautious at this point.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now go to the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi. Good morning. Just given the full year guidance for revenue growth, do you anticipate stronger growth as the year progresses starting off a little slower just given some of the headwinds you alluded to?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think Jim both in revenue and in earnings, if you go back I just went back and looked at earnings first, going back to 2011 and I noticed that every quarter's our earnings in the first quarter have been lower than the second. Most of the time, we've had a continuous improvement in earnings and part of that is because we've had continuous improvement in revenue. So at this point sitting where we are, I think that 3.5% to 4% is a good number for earnings. But if things turn up if the trade disputes begin to diminish, I think our revenues would go up and our earnings should go up as it is we anticipate earnings growth quarter-over-quarter anyway. That's how, if you add up the 9.25 to 9.35 and the guidance for Q1 you can conclude that we are anticipating earnings to grow anyways.
Jim Ricchiuti: Got it. And then, with respect to marine instrumentation, fairly significant increase in bookings in the quarter. So should we assume that things have finally begun to turn in that part of the business. And certainly the comparisons get easier this year. Is that fair to say?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. It is. I will let Al expand that.
Al Pichelli: Good morning, Jim. You're absolutely right. And in terms of the bookings situation no matter, if we look at the book to bill ratio for marine for the entire year, it was 1.06, but if you look at just Q4, our book to bill order is 1.27 and we're all -- we look at that space in a couple of different ways. First of all, the seismic exploration space, our equipment has been there for quite a while. We think there is a need for replacement, but that's probably another year or so away. So we think that that part is going to be relatively flat in '19. And then, in the offshore production side, there seems to be some good activity generating now, but these are large projects that have to be engineered and so in terms of actually seeing the sales come from that. Likewise, we think that probably late '19 and probably next year. On a positive side, there are a couple of other areas, when we think about the defense and security as you know we provide quite a bit of equipment and on areas like the Virginia class submarine and those are orders we have in-house. The content is growing each year and so that gives us a pretty healthy growth on that side that could be as much as 8% to 10% just done on that submarine program. And then, we're looking at other areas an area using autonomous underwater vehicles for science, for our infrastructure, for military application. And we have a broad suite of vehicles in that space and all of those seem to be doing pretty well and that's where we see the upside coming. So that sort of historical deep water oil and gas and flattish, the remaining parts of the Marine though we do see some improvements and hence you see a little bit of an upside that Robert talked about.
Jim Ricchiuti: Al, you alluded to the book to bill in this part of the business, I wonder if you can give us any color on just broadly speaking book to bill for up for the quarter. Sure. And maybe some of the segments. Thank you.
Al Pichelli: Sure. Sure, I can do that Jim. Our orders input were pretty strong for the year as a company. We had a book to bill of 1.11, and if you go through the math that means we added about $320 million to the backlog and of that segment by some, I mentioned the Marine for the quarter about 1.27. So there you go to our [EMEA] [ph] which was an environmental and our test and measurement businesses. And as you know that's a short cycle book and burn business and it's about one I think that the environment was just a hair under one our test and measurement centered around [indiscernible] one. So that doesn't change too much from period to period. In the digital imaging, we have a book to bill a little bit below 1.97. And again, I'm talking about Q4 now. As a point 97 in Q4 and sort of 1.05 for the year, aerospace and defense is where the majority of our orders come. Keeping in mind that a number of these programs in the space are multi-year programs. In fact, I'd probably say half of the extra orders are programs that will go out for the next three to four years. But in aerospace and defense electronics, we had a book to bill in Q4 of 1.37, that's fairly healthy and 1.29 for the year. And then, when you move down to Engineered Systems keeping your mind Engineered Systems has very large programs as so the orders from one month or one quarter are a little bit lumpy but the orders in Q4 were 0.81, but for the year the orders are 1.08. And I think an engineered remorse on one else, I think you have to look at the total orders for the year. So if you add all that up as far as book to bill in Q4, we have a 1.09 and for the year 1.11. Hope that helps.
Jim Ricchiuti: It does help. Thank you. And just last question for me. You alluded to potentially some impact from the shutdown and I'm just wondering with respect to the pending acquisition, does that things get potentially delayed there.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I'll take that one Jim. Two things there first that the government programs isn't affected, nevertheless, we're going through the process, we've submitted our HSR filing. We did that right at the beginning of the year. We have an examiner that's looking at it and asking questions. But, at this point it's unpredictable. We expect to be able to close the transactions in Q1. But that's one part that could get affected even though so far our examiners seems to be very engaged with us. So we're very pleased with that.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. Robert, how is the pipeline for other acquisitions looking out over the balance of the year?
Robert Mehrabian: It's not bad. I'll charge you that. Let me go back and say because I want to mention because of our net debt to EBITDA, net debt getting down to about $600 million. Now our combined EBITDA this year is going to get up to 500 to 550. So close to our net debt, we don't do anything, we're going to get rid of that net debt by the year end or we have it maybe a 100 million or 200 million. So we have a lot of financial muscle this year more than I've seen in a long time. I think we have something of the order of -- we will have in '19 something of the order of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion capability. So let me put that as being an opportunity for us. We are looking at both small and large acquisitions, medium size, for others who are less large. Having said all of that, we are going of continue to be fairly disciplined in that process. We have to keep looking at the balance -- keeping the balance of our businesses does not get out of whack. So that if one market goes down, it takes the company's revenue and earnings in one direction too much. Having put all of that together, I think we're going to probably be a little more aggressive than in the past.
Jim Ricchiuti: Very good. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there are no further questions in the queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much operator. I will now ask Jason VanWees to conclude the call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert, and again, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. If you do have follow up questions, my numbers are in the earnings release, please feel free to call. Nick if you could conclude the conference call and provide a replay details to the audience. I would appreciate it and again thank you everyone.
Operator: Certainly. Today's conference call is being recorded and it will be available for replay beginning at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time today and running through February 23rd may call into the AT&T replay system by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and enter the access code of 457983, if you are calling from outside of the U.S. who may dial 320-365-3844. Again those dialing numbers are 1-800-475-6701 or 320-365-3844 with a common access code of 457983. That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - SVP, Strategy & M&A Robert Mehrabian - Chairman & CEO Al Pichelli - President & COO Sue Main - SVP & CFO Melanie Cibik - SVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer & Secretary 
Analysts: Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Co. George Godfrey - CLK
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Teledyne Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees; Senior Vice President, Strategy, and M&A at Teledyne; and I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's third quarter 2018 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; President and COO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and SVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer, and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course though before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks, and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and of course yes, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. And here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our earnings call. Before discussing our earnings, I'd like to make a few comments about our press release from last night regarding various executive promotions. First, as many of you know, my prior employment contract continued through December of 2019. That contract has now been extended by the board for an additional four years through December of 2023. Furthermore, it's important to note that I'm continuing in an operating capacity throughout this period with primary focus on strategy, technology, mergers and acquisition, and margin expansion programs including procurement. Second, the board also promoted Al Pichelli to assume the role of CEO on January 1, 2019. Al has been our Chief Operating Officer for the last three years and more recently our President and he's had all the operating management of our company reporting to him directly. In his new role, Al would also oversee finance, legal, and other corporate functions. In addition to Al reporting to me directly, we have also promoted two other Executives that will report to me who will continue to be responsible for strategy, mergers and acquisition, and margin expansion programs. With all of these new arrangements; all stakeholders, shareholders, customers, and employees should remain confident that our track record of success will continue for years to come. Now, turning back to our earnings. I'm very pleased with Teledyne's third quarter results. Sales, earnings, operating margin, and cash flow were either third quarter or all-time records. Total sales increased 9.5%, almost all of which was organic. In fact, this was the highest total company organic growth in over a decade. Most importantly to me though was the breadth and balance of growth across our portfolio of businesses. Each business segment experienced growth in sales and operating profit with the majority of our Commercial and Aerospace and Defense businesses growing nicely. Within Digital Imaging, sales of products related to life sciences increased significantly. Aerospace and Defense related sales rebounded and our micro-electromechanical systems or MEMS business also grew due in part to the consumables we manufacture for DNA analysis and extreme ultraviolet lithography. Within Instrumentation, sales in all three product lines; that is environmental, electronic test and measurement, and marine instruments; increased year-over-year with electronic test and measurement particularly strong. GAAP operating margin of 14.55% increased 103 basis points from last year and all-time record earnings per share of $2.43 increased 27.9% compared to last year. While margins increased from last year, we continue to see opportunities for further improvement by focusing on our largest and most profitable customers and product and simplifying and streamlining all of our business and corporate processes including procurement. As I mentioned earlier, this is going to be a particular area of focus for me moving forward. I will now comment on the performance of our four business segments. Overall, third quarter sales in the Instrumentation segment increased 10.2% from last year. Sales of marine instruments increased 4.3% and primarily reflected higher sales of selected acoustic and interconnect products. Sales of autonomous underwater vehicles also increased. In the environmental domain, sales increased 10% with organic growth of 9% largely as a result of increased sales of laboratory and life science instruments as well as continued growth in pollutants and particulate monitoring instrumentation. Sales of test and measurement systems increased 21.7% organically with very strong sales across a range of our products led by sales of protocol analyzer, which were exceptional. We continue to benefit from growth in cloud network storage and solid-state disk drives as well as new product launches such as high bandwidth, high definition oscilloscopes. Overall Instrumentation segment operating margin increased, but margin declined 95 basis points largely as a result of severance and facility consolidation costs of $3.2 million in the third quarter of 2018. Turning to Digital Imaging. In this segment, third quarter sales increased 13.2% which was entirely organic. Sales of our Proprietary X-ray detectors increased significantly year-over-year. In addition, we achieved robust year-over-year growth in X-ray generators for cancer radiotherapy as well as geospatial hardware and software. Finally, sales of detectors and data converters for Aerospace and Defense applications also increased. GAAP segment operating margin increased 303 basis points from last year. While the third quarter of 2017 was impacted by $2.9 million of charges related to the acquisition of e2v, 2018 operating margin excluding these charges still increased 155 basis points. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, third quarter sales increased 7.2% primarily due to growth across the majority of the Defense electronic businesses. Segment operating margin increased 179 basis points to 19.5% primarily due to greater sales, but also improved margin. In the Engineering Systems segment, third quarter revenue increased 2.6% with strong sales related to missile defense and nuclear aviation and marine manufacturing programs partially offset by lower sales of cruise missile engines. Segment operating margin increased 64 basis points. To conclude, I want to offer some additional perspectives on our company and our track record. Approximately 45% of Teledyne sales are to long cycle markets with strong backlog. Just for reference, our current fully funded backlog also a record is approximately $1.5 billion. Furthermore, these markets have cycles not necessarily correlated with the general economy. Such markets in descending order include defense, aerospace, and medical. Our other businesses such as environmental and electronic test and measurement instrument, sensors and cameras for individual machine vision, and hardware and software for marine survey applications are more correlated with the global economy and/or general corporate capital expenditures. We believe the quality and composition of our business portfolio first allows us to outperform when business cycles are favorable as they are now; and second, help us outperform if and when one or more of these cycles change. Finally, given our very strong cash flow over the past six quarters, our current leverage ratio is 1.7. This is equal to the level prior to the e2v acquisition in March of 2017. Therefore, we have more than ample flexibility to invest in our businesses and pursue acquisitions, both small and large. I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2018 outlook. In the third quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $141.9 million compared with cash flow of $107.9 million for the same period of 2017. The higher cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter of 2018 primarily reflected the impact of higher income as well as lower income tax payments. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $121 million in the third quarter of 2018 compared with $92.3 million in 2017. Capital expenditures were $20.9 million in the third quarter compared to $15.6 million for the same period of 2017. Depreciation and amortization expense was $27.3 million in the third quarter compared to $31.4 million for the same period of 2017. We ended the quarter with $711.2 million of net debt. That is $837.3 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $126.1 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 24.3%. Stock option compensation expense was $4.6 million in the third quarter of 2018 compared with $3.2 million in the third quarter of 2017. As noted in the earnings release, the third quarter of 2018 included $4.1 million of pre-tax restructuring costs compared with last year's $2.4 million of similar charges plus $2.9 million in acquisition-related costs due to the e2v transaction. Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2018 will be in the range of $2.15 to $2.20 per share. And for the full-year of 2018, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $8.71 to $8.76 compared to our prior outlook of $8.18 to $8.28. The 2018 full-year estimated tax rate is 21.3% before discrete items. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much, Sue. David, we would like you to start with the questions, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we do have a question from the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Co. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, good morning. Robert, congratulations. I wish you the best. And you may have given some detail on this already and I may have just missed it. But is there some color that you can provide on book-to-bill by some of the various business segments and what we might anticipate as we think about growth rates for the various businesses looking out in Q4?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Jim. Let me back into that. First, I think in Q4 right now we're anticipating about 3% growth -- organic growth, primarily because we think there's going to be a little sluggishness in our marine businesses. Second, in terms of book-to-bill, right now we're sitting around one after Q3 and that changes between businesses. In Instruments, we are a little better than one. In Digital Imaging, a little less than one. And total, I would say we're sitting around one. We don't have visibility into some of our short cycle businesses as much as we'd like to. So, that's part of the reason that I'm saying probably about 3% organic growth in the next quarter. As you roll it up for the whole year then, it will be somewhere between 6.5% to 7% versus what I indicated last quarters, which was closer to between 5% and 6%.
Jim Ricchiuti: Any idea -- you highlighted a little bit less visibility in the short cycle business. What do you attribute it to? Is it just some general hesitation in light of some of the macro concerns?
Robert Mehrabian: I think the -- in general with all that's going on with the various tariffs even though they don't affect us as much as most other people and the economies across the world, I'm just a little cautious on that. That's all. There's no specific.  The last thing I would say is in the marine area, offshore energy exploration and production sluggish the last three years. Indications are that it would improve, but it will be further out than the fourth quarter, we think maybe 2019 and 2020. So, I'm being a little cautious.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. And that actually was my follow-up just as it relates to the firming in oil prices. So, when would you think you would start to see a churn in terms of the bookings momentum in that business starting to pick up?
Robert Mehrabian: For that, we look at our -- to our customers and right now what we are seeing is that the offshore investments are increasing. Last year to this year, I would say that almost doubled. But it takes a little while for those investments to churn into orders for our customers and subsequently to us. We believe that would probably start happening by close to the middle to the end of 2019. There are -- the forecasts right now show that there are going to be about 100 projects worth about $140 billion sanctioned in 2019. By the time that rolls down to us, of course is late 2019 and early 2020.
Operator: And next we have a question from the line of George Godfrey with CLK. Please go ahead.
George Godfrey: Thank you. And I'll extend my congratulations to Robert as well. And I just want to follow on that line of thinking on the organic growth rates. As we head into 2019 and I'm thinking back to the beginning of the year when, and I'm doing this from memory, the organic growth expectation was maybe 3% to 4%. And I look at this quarter at 9%, which was actually an acceleration from 8% in Q1 and Q2 and it's really been quite strong over the last four, five, or six quarters. And what my question is can the momentum in that organic growth rate really change overnight or would you expect the patterns to continue into 2019? Just like on the negative side in 2016 we saw the double-digit organic growth declines in Instrumentation and it took a while for that to turn. So, my question is can this momentum continue into 2019? Thanks, Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: It could. Let me just say youre absolutely correct. We started in the year; we started in May projecting organic growth for the year of 3% to 4%. Then in August we went to 5.5% to 6%. Now were saying 6% to 7% for the whole year. Obviously were a little cautious for the reasons I mentioned earlier. If nothing serious happens to the economies and if oil prices hold, they're up, they're down some; but if they hold, I think 2019 we should have a reasonable organic growth probably I hate to predict it, but Id say about 5% is what we look at right now.
George Godfrey: Okay. And then just one follow-up in the press release you highlight your desire to grow organically and through acquisitions has been the Teledyne operating model. How is the pipeline of opportunities relative to the prices that are out there, have you seen the acquisition prices perhaps take a little tick down given the tariffs and interest rates rising in the market? And Ill leave it there. Thanks for taking my questions, Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: For sure. It's a little too early to say because a lot of the things you just mentioned happened very recently. Having said all of that, we do have a very healthy pipeline and we're working on both small and midsize acquisitions at the present time and we certainly have the capacity -- the funding capacity to do them. So, I'm positive about getting something done in the relatively near future.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, David. What I like to do is if there are no other questions, Id like to ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again, everyone, thanks for joining us this morning. If you have follow-up questions, my number is on the earnings release, please do feel free to call. David, if you could conclude the call and give the replay, the replay numbers to the audience, we'd appreciate it. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 10:00 a.m. Pacific time today until November the 24 at midnight. You may access that replay service at any time by dialing 1(800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 455115. International participants may dial 1(320) 365-3844. Again, those numbers are 1(800) 475-6701 and the access code 455115 or internationally at 1(320) 365-3844. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to the Teledyne Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And we are recording today. I will now like to turn the conference over to Jason VanWees. Please go ahead sir.
Jason VanWees: Good morning everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. We have released our earnings earlier this morning. Joining me today is Teledyne's Chairman and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; President and COO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here's Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Jason and good morning everyone and thank you for joining our earnings call. Teledyne Second Quarter results were the best in our history. We achieved all-time record sales, earnings, and operating margin. Total sales increased 9.1% including organic growth of 8.2%. I should note that for the first time the organic growth included Teledyne e2v which was acquired on March 28, 2017. Our imaging and instrumentation businesses performed exceptionally well while sales and orders of our defense and space electronics also increased significantly compared to last year. And each of these business groups achieved double-digit organic growth in the second quarter. Furthermore, our results continue to be well-balanced among all of our four segments and within each individual segment. Within digital imaging we'll continue to benefit from industry-wide growth in machine vision and factory automation. However, the largest year-over-year growth was achieved from our complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor or CMOS-based digital X-ray detectors for medical and dental application. These detectors produce outstanding image resolution using lower than normal X-ray radiation. Within the instrumentation sales on all three product lines that is environmental, electronic test and measurement, and marine instruments increased year-over-year. Our overall defense businesses are winning large new award and possess record-breaking backlog. GAAP operating margin of 15.2 % increased 288 basis points from last year with margin increasing in all four business segments and record earnings per share of $2.32 increased 39.8% compared to last year. Finally, as I mentioned during last quarter's call we're very pleased with our portfolio of businesses, our successful indicate integration of acquired companies and the cooperation among our business and management. Of course, we will continue to invest in our current businesses and acquire new ones. However, at this point in Teledyne's maturity we also see an opportunity for a robust effort to improve margins by focusing on our largest and most profitable customers and products and simplifying and streamlining all of our business and corporate processes. I will now comment on the performance of our core business segments. In our instrumentation segment overall second quarter sales increased 12.3% from last year. Sales of marine instruments increased 11% and primarily reflect higher sales of sonar systems and interconnect products. Sales of autonomous underwater vehicles also increased. In the environmental domain sales increased 11.2% largely as a result of increased sales of laboratory and life science instruments as well as continued growth in pollution monitoring instruments and industrial Ozone analyzers. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased 16.9% organically. Sales were strong across the range of our product lines led by sales of protocol analyzers which were exceptional. Growth in cloud network storage continues to drive demand for Teledyne LeCroys market leading protocol test tools. Overall instrumentation segment operating margin increased 253 basis points to 15.6% and benefited from songs sales as well as favorable product mix. Turning to the digital imaging segment, second quarter sales increased 12.5% which was entirely organic. Sales of our proprietary X-ray detectors increased significantly year-over-year. In addition, sensors and cameras for industrial machine vision applications also grew considerably. Finally, shipments of microelectromechanical systems or MEMS these products and geospatial hardware and software and infrared detectors increased also. GAAP segment operating margin increased 523 basis points from last year. While the second quarter of 2017 was impacted by some charges related to e2v acquisition 2018 operating margin even excluding these charges increased 338 basis points. In the aerospace and defense electronic segment second quarter sales increased 7.7% primarily due to organic growth across the majority of our defense electronic businesses. Segment operating margin increased to 130 basis points to 19.4% primarily due to greater sales as well as improved margins. In the engineering system segment second quarter revenue decreased 6.4% primarily due to top year-over-year comparison with last year's sales being the strongest quarter. Nevertheless, operating margin increased 28 basis points. To conclude, I want to offer some perspectives on our record quarter performance and our 2018 outlook. Our performance across the company was exceptional not only in the second quarter but the entire first half of 2018 and given the first half results, we currently believe that organic revenue growth in the full year 2018 will be approximately 5.5% to 6% compared to our projection of 4% in May and 3% in February of this year. I should mention though while orders were strong, the greatest bookings relative to sales were among our defense businesses with a number of multi-year orders for infrared detectors, electronic warfare and communications of systems, as well as missile defense engineering. Finally, the product mix in each segment was also unusually favorable in the second quarter. Thus while, we expect year-over-year growth in sales and operating margin to continue in the second half, we do not currently expect the following quarters to be as strong as the second quarter. I will not turn the call over to Susan.
Susan Main: Thank you Robert and good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our third quarter and full year 2018 outlook. In the second quarter cash flow from operating activities was $107.9 million compared with cash flow of $87 million for the same period of 2017. The higher cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter of 2018 primarily reflected the impact of higher operating income partially offset by higher income tax payments. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $80.5 million in the second quarter of 2018 compared with $74.7 million in 2017. Capital expenditures were $27.4 million in the second quarter compared to $12.3 million for the same period of 2017. Depreciation and amortization expense was $27.6 million in the second quarter compared to $33.2 million for the same period of 2017. We ended the quarter with $850.6 million of net debt that is $952 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $101.4 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 28.8%. Our leverage ratio was 2.0 times at the end of the second quarter of 2018 compared to 2.2 times at the end of the first quarter and 3.0 immediately after completing the e2v acquisition last year. Stock option compensation expense was $5.4 million in the second quarter of 2018 compared to $3.7 million in the second quarter of 2017. As noted in the earnings release the second quarter of 2017 included pre-tax charges of $4.0 million in acquisition cost related to the e2v transaction of which $3.7 million was recorded in the digital imaging segment and $0.3 million was reported to the aerospace and defense segment or approximately $0.08 a share. Turning to our outlook management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the third quarter of 2018 will be in the range of $2.01 to $2.06 per share and for the full year 2018 our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $8.18 to $8.28 compared to our prior outlook of $7.67 to $7.77. The 2018 four-year estimated tax rate to 21.3% before discrete items which we currently expect to be lower in 2018 and in 2017. I'll now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Susan. We would like to take your questions now. [indiscernible] if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a question from the line of Gregory Konrad with Jefferies. You're open.
Gregory Konrad: Good morning. Great quarter. You gave us your updated thoughts around organic growth for the rest of the year. I mean is there any way to parse your expectations around longer cycle businesses versus short cycle and does the forecast for slower back half organic growth represent just a more conservative forecast around some of those shorter cycle businesses.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Greg. Let me just start with the last question. The last part of your question the answer is yes. We are a little conservative because the comps are pretty tough compared to last year, but having said that let me answer the first part of your question. We think that I'll do it by segment and if you wish I can go into sub-segments we think engineered system segment is going to be relatively flat year-over-year maybe up 1% - 1.5% for the whole year. Our aerospace and defense segment which is a little more long cycle as is engineered systems we think will be up for the year maybe 4% - 4.3% or so let's say between 4% and 5%. On the digital imaging recognizing the fact that in Q1 we had acquisition related uptake because of e2v from last year's Q1 we had 10% uptake. From an organic perspective we think we will be for the whole year about 11% but if you throw in that 10% that we picked up from the e2v acquisition so overall itll be 21% about. Finally, in instruments which is our shortest cycle business specialist in environmental and test and measurement, we believe the organic growth would be of the order of 5% to 5.5%. We have a little bit of acquisition tailwind there about 1.3% to overall about 6.5%. We have a little bit of tailwind I should go back in our aerospace and defense about 1.8% from again e2v acquisitions. So the 4.3 I gave you included that. Organically, I think will be about 2.5%. I don't know if that answers Greg.
Gregory Konrad: No, that's great I mean and I guess that kind of leads into the margin question. I mean it seems like every time mix has been favorable and digital imaging I mean sequentially you end up doing you know even better margins with mix favorable again I mean I guess just on the margin outlook for digital imaging how should we think about some of the mixed benefit in Q2 and maybe structurally the margins of that business.
Robert Mehrabian: I think overall I would say the first quarter of digital imaging which has margins of about 16.4% that's probably what I would expect to end the year. So this quarter it was up. I think next two quarters it'll be down a bit with the average and they got about 16 to 16 .4 and that's primarily due to mix. Overall segment operating margin last year we ended with a 14.8% as you know and to honor this year with 14.6% Q2 everything worked in our favor with 17.1%. I think that would moderate as the year goes on closer to 16 to 16.5 we should end the year at 16.1 and if we do that we still gained 130 basis points in segment operating margin year-over-year.
Gregory Konrad: That's really helpful and then just one for me in terms of machine vision and digital imaging I mean it seems like there's a lot of tailwinds for that business and you call that warehouse automation. I mean any thoughts around the end markets within kind of that machine vision and maybe kind of backlog and visibility as we go forward for that business?
Robert Mehrabian: First let me just break digital imaging down a bit. We have four different areas, five different areas there. Machine visioned is our largest one and on an annualized basis we anticipate that that will have revenues of approximately $275 million and those are mostly sensors and cameras and less than $50 million in flat panel displays. Healthcare which is our X-ray detectors and our X-ray sources for cancer treatment, radiotherapy those should have annualized revenue of about $225 million. There we have a little more backlog visibility than we do in sensors and cameras and we get longer-term programs there and we are gaining market share with our CMOS very sensitive high-resolution detectors. Aerospace and defense again we do have a visibility in our backlog Greg and we think that should end up about $245 million that includes our Teledyne scientific and imaging here in California. And the last two MEMS which is our microelectromechanical systems foundry that's in Bromont we expect that to have about $75 million in revenue. By the way that was ranked as the second largest independent MEMS foundry in the world recently. And it's going and we're making investments there and then we have a geospatial business which includes LiDAR and software for hydro for ocean, I think there we should have about a $50 million in revenue annualized. We are a little worried about the flat panel display market because we think that would be a little down in the second half of the year. On the other hand we see the logistics and robotics market increasing. So overall as I mentioned before when we annualized the revenue across digital imaging, organic growth of a little over 11% is pretty healthy. I hope that answers the question.
Gregory Konrad: That was more than helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And next we have a line of George Godfrey with CL King & Associates. You are open.
George Godfrey: Thank you and good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Excellent job on the quarter.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you George.
George Godfrey: Well, you call out the orders the overall book to build rate greater than 1.1 but particularly strong defense and space related contracts, with digital imaging instrumentation book to build also over 1.10?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, it is. We expected to be above 1.1 of that or in Q2 it was pretty healthy. It was 1.19 but I think itll moderate in Q3 and this is in digital imaging of course and it should be above 1.1 by year-end.
George Godfrey: Okay and it's been such an outstanding organic growth rate in the first half of this year and you've walked up the organic growth rate. Just for me a bigger picture standpoint some of the trends longer cycle some of the trends shorter cycle but it is particularly an instrumentation if I look at each of the three segments marine, environmental and test and measurement the trends that you're seeing now from where we were back in 15, 16 how much is this related to the increase in oil prices but also how much do you feel like this has more of a tailwind on the positive side where we are today versus where we came from and again nice job on the quarter. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you again. Let me start with the environmental and test and measurement and instrumentation. Then go to marine last. In the tests and measurements we have a series of three companies, small companies rolling together that protocol analyzers these are rule based test systems for people to be able to communicate among between devices and other things. For example your Bluetooth that you get in the car with and connect up that has certain rule based programs. Those businesses are growing very fast. Actually, we think in a little while there might be a bigger business than our oscilloscope business actually and it's a very profitable set of businesses. On the other hand our oscilloscope businesses have been growing very healthily and we have  there we have our high-definition 12-bit scopes that are doing really well in the market. And will enjoy significant growth there. So having said all of that the test and measurement growth is going to almost approached organically, almost approached 11%, maybe 10.8%. The environmental business is the more difficult to predict. Those includes among many things that we do including measuring quality of water as well as quality of air. Those have had a good run this year but those are really short cycle businesses and we for example sell a lot to China there. They're buying both our monitoring systems for their environment as well as other products and also we also supply the semiconductor in the series as you know its really doing good, growing very well. Having said all of that we're a little cautious about that business because it is such a short cycle business. We think organically for the year it will grow about 4% to 4.5%. Let me go back to Marine. Marine business year-over-year we expect it to grow about 3%. The parts of the Marine business that are doing really well and those would be marine that deals with the defense, a businesses such as submarine connectors and also  and then we have a lot of gliders that go into naval [indiscernible] space sensing. They are even talking about deploying a 100 gliders in front of the battleship group at any one time simultaneously. Those are doing great. If I move back to oil and gas while the oil prices are hovering around $70 and the expectations are that this year's cap investments would be almost $90 billion versus maybe $40 in 2016. Those are a little longer term by the time we get the orders. Frankly, what's happened is they've laid out so many people in those domains that they're having a hard time getting their purchase orders and their designs out. They're lacking engineers. So we think the recovery there is not going to come until close to the end of this year or most likely in 2019 and 2020. We think the longer-term, there's no question, that business is going to improve and I think that will be very good for us. I would finish off by just saying that a lot of our marine businesses of our non-oil and gas production overall they're from about $450 million that we expect for the year only about the $150 of it comes from oil exploration and production. We do have a little bit of land business there. So if that picks up it will be very good for us because we took it on the [chin] between 2015 and 2017 that business dropped about $200 million. So our expectations are that in the oil and gas domain marine there will be another year before we see a serious uptake.
George Godfrey: Thank you very much for that detail Robert. Very helpful.
Robert Mehrabian: You bet.
Operator: And if there are any additional questions please press star followed by one. And at this point no one else is queued up.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you [indiscernible]. And I will ask Jason VanWees to conclude our conference call. Thanks.
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert and again thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Of course if you have followup questions please call me at the number listed on the earnings release. All our news releases are available on our website Teledyne.com. And this conclude today's conference call and save the replay details for the individuals that would be great. Thank you everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay from 10:00 A.M. Pacific today and will run for one month. To access the replay dial 800-475-6701 then you'll be prompt for an access code. The access code is 451822. For international callers dial 320-365-3844 and then enter the same access code. Once again 800-475-6701. International; 320-365-3844 and the access code is 451822 and that'll be available from 10:00 A.M. Pacific and run for one month. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and thank you for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - SVP, Strategy, Mergers & Acquisitions Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President & CEO Susan Main - SVP & CFO
Analysts: Gregory Konrad - Jefferies James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company George Godfrey - CL King & Associates
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and standing by. Welcome to Teledyne's First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Just a brief reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And I'd now like to turn the conference over to Jason VanWees.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And I would like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Release Conference Call. We released our earnings earlier this morning. Joining me today is Teledyne's Chairman and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; President and COO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats, as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And, of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in, will be available for approximately 1 month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. We began 2018 with an outstanding quarter. We achieved record sales, record earnings per share and record operating margin for any first quarter. Total sales increased 22.9%, including organic growth of 7.9%. Our Digital Imaging segment performed exceptionally well again, with sales increasing 21.7% organically and 81.4% overall from last year. Within the Digital Imaging, we continued to benefit from industry-wide growth in machine vision and factory automation, along with new product launches and strong execution. However, the largest year-over-year organic growth was achieved from our CMOS, that is complementary metal-oxide semiconductor-based digital X-ray detectors for medical and dental applications, which produced outstanding image resolution using lower-than-normal X-ray radiation. Notwithstanding the excellent performance in our Digital Imaging segment, our strong results were well-balanced among all of our segments and within each of our segments. Sales increased organically in all segments. Every segment also contributed to our all-time record orders, with segment book-to-bill ratio ranging from 1.09 to 1.57 for a total of 1.23 for the overall company. Even excluding 1 multiyear space program in our Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, our overall book-to-bill still exceeded 1.1. Now I'll comment on the performance of our business segments. In our Instrumentation segment, overall first quarter sales increased 2.7% from last year. Sales of marine instruments declined 4.8% and primarily reflected lower sales of sensors for energy exploration and unfavorable timing of U.S. government sales, partially offset by higher sales of sonar systems. However, marine orders exceeded sales by 12%, and we believe the outlook for both subsea defense and offshore energy continues to improve. In the environmental domain, sales increased 7.5%, largely as a result of increased sales of laboratory and life science instruments as well as continued growth in our pollution monitoring instrumentation, particularly in China. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased 12.1% overall and 10.4% organically. Orders and sales of protocol analyzers continued to be very strong in the first quarter. Segment operating profit declined slightly due to -- in part, to costs associated with the relocation and consolidation of certain marine instrumentation facilities from the United Kingdom to the United States. Nevertheless, operating profit for both environmental and electronic test and measurement instrumentation increased compared to last year. Turning to the Digital Imaging segment. First quarter sales increased 81.4%, and as I indicated, organic growth was 21.7%. In addition to strong growth for X-ray detectors and industrial machine vision cameras, shipments of microelectromechanical systems, or MEMS products, for handheld devices, semiconductor processing and life science applications continue to increase. Furthermore, sales of our infrared detectors for both commercial and government application also grew considerably. And finally, all of the e2v product lines were strong contributors to revenue and profit. We recently celebrated the 1 year anniversary of the acquisition of Teledyne e2v. And I want to highlight to our employees, customers and shareholders that we could not be more pleased with the people, technologies and the financial performance that e2v has added to Teledyne. GAAP segment operating margin increased 349 basis points from last year. While the first quarter of 2017 was impacted by some charges related to the e2v acquisition, 2018 operating margin, excluding these charges, would have still increased 130 basis points. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, first quarter sales increased 13 -- 17.3%, due in part to the contribution from e2v but also strong underlying organic growth of 10.3%. Commercial aerospace sales declined slightly, given some very tough aftermarket comparisons. However, sales of defense electronics increased significantly versus last year due to greater sales across a number of microwave, interconnect and manufacturing service product lines. Segment operating margin increased 146 basis points to 17.8%, primarily due to greater sales as well as improved margins. In the Engineered Systems segment, first quarter revenue increased 6.5%, largely driven by greater marine defense programs. We also enjoyed increased sales related to ballistic missile defense. Operating margin declined slightly, primarily as a result of lower fixed-price turbine engine deliveries. I should briefly comment on the new pension accounting rules. New guidance requires splitting net pension expense for income into two components, service cost and expense, which is now included in our operation; and retirement benefit cost or income, which is now below the operations on a separate line in our income statement. Our legacy pension remains overfunded and has been closed to new participants since 2004. But I mentioned this here since the new accounting rules affect our historical businesses the most, especially the Engineered Systems segment, where it impacts margins by approximately 200 basis points. For reference, we have included historical data before and after the accounting change in our earnings release. To conclude my comments, I want to first offer some perspective in our businesses and our 2018 outlook. For a number of years, I've talked about the progressive transformation of our business portfolio. First, we have exited commoditized and liability-prone businesses such as aircraft piston engines. Second, we have built scale to bolt-on and larger acquisitions, especially in high-technology instruments and digital imaging, which now comprise 64% of our portfolio. Third, we have demonstrated our ability to rapidly and successfully integrate acquired businesses, both financially and operationally. Fourth, while we are pleased with our current business portfolio, we are also continuing to pursue acquisitions, both small and large. And finally, we have matured as a company, as evidenced by our consolidated business units, strong operations management, integrated ERP systems and a lean corporate culture. Our efforts have now shifted to improving margins by focusing on our largest and most profitable customers and products and improving and streamlining all of our business processes. Lastly, we currently believe that the organic revenue growth in 2018 will be approximately 4% compared to the 3% that I stated in February of this year. I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Susan Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our second quarter and full year 2018 outlook. In the first quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $71.6 million compared with cash flow of $53.4 million for the same period of 2017. The higher cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter of 2018 primarily reflected the impact of higher operating income and cash flow from Teledyne e2v. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $51.8 million in the first quarter of 2018 compared with $40.8 million in 2017. Capital expenditures were $19.8 million in the first quarter compared to $12.6 million for the same period of 2017. Depreciation and amortization expense was $28.8 million in the first quarter compared to $22.8 million for the same period of 2017. We ended the quarter with $949 million of net debt, that is approximately $1.03 billion of debt and capital leases less cash of $79.9 million, for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 31.6%. Our leverage ratio was 2.2x at the end of the first quarter of 2018 compared to 2.3x at the end of the fourth quarter of 2017 and 3.0x immediately after completing the e2v acquisition one year ago. Stock option compensation expense was $4.9 million in the first quarter of 2018 compared with $4.1 million in the first quarter of 2017. As noted in the earnings release, the first quarter of 2017 included pretax charges of $21.2 million in acquisition costs related to the e2v transaction, of which $2.5 million was recorded in the Digital Imaging segment, $10.4 million was recorded to corporate expense, $2.3 million was recorded to interest expense and $6.0 million was recorded as other expense or approximately $0.42 a share. Turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2018 will be in the range of $1.85 to $1.90 per share. And for the full year 2018, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $7.67 to $7.77 compared to our prior outlook of $7.51 to $7.61. The 2018 full year estimated tax rate is 21.4% before discrete items, which we -- are currently expected to be lower in 2018 than in prior period. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would like now to take your questions. Justin, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First, we have the line of Greg Konrad of Jefferies.
Gregory Konrad: It seems like e2v has exceeded your expectations. And I mean, I know, at least how we're modeling it, it exceeded our expectations, too. Just so we can get some comparison, I mean, maybe how much e2v grew last year and then this year given we only have, I think, half a quarter of contribution a year ago? I'm just trying to think about what the organic growth on that business has been.
Robert Mehrabian: I would say, Greg, about 7%, maybe a little more.
Gregory Konrad: 7% last year or this quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: I would say from the 2017. And a little bit this year, a little more this year. It was -- it contributed, Greg, about $88 million to our overall revenues, which is about 12.7% of the total in Q1.
Gregory Konrad: That makes sense. And then you lifted your organic growth target, and I understand 8% is probably not going to be something you're going to do every quarter. But just when you think about the segments, how you expect organic growth to play out for the rest of the year?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me just go through that the best I can. I think, in the Instruments segment, we had a little shrinkage in marine in the first quarter. But I think that would kind of work its way out because we think it will be better going forward. So marine should be about 2.5%, and total Instruments would be over 3%. Digital Imaging should stay over 7%, maybe 7.3%. These are organic numbers I'm giving you. Aerospace and Defense, the defense part will increase, the aerospace part would probably shrink a little bit like it did in Q1, but it should be over 1%. Engineered Systems, relatively flat, maybe up 1.5% with a total of about 4%. Greg, I would just preface this by saying we are obviously a little cautious about our revenue and organic versus other growth, primarily because half of our portfolio is short-cycle businesses. And we can't predict what will happen to the various markets. But so far, it's worked for us pretty well.
Gregory Konrad: I appreciate that. And obviously, it was a great quarter. And I guess just last one for me. With the fiscal year '18 budget, I mean, you have a couple of development programs, but any insight to kind of how the budget aligned to maybe where your focus is on defense? I'm just think about funding levels.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think the budget has been really good for us. First, the budget overall grew about 10%, 10.2% to be precise. But where we have seen the most positive effect has been in our Defense Electronics. Our Defense Electronics grew about 31% year-over-year. Of course, e2v contributed about 10.3% of that, over 7% of that. But that's been really good. We've grown in our microwave businesses, interconnect businesses and as well as in our manufacturing. And the reason for this is the budget for a change has got a very healthy increase in electronic warfare, which helps us a lot because that's what we do in most of our products.  And also, there are two other things. One is Virginia-class submarine program where we have a significant business in, that's going to continue about two per year. And Missile Defense is up, which is where our Teledyne Brown Engineering, which is part of our Systems Engineering segment, does a lot of work. So overall, I would say the defense budget increases have been very healthy for us.  I must conclude by saying, because the budget came in late, there are some issues about being able to -- for the government to be able to get the numbers out, to get the awards out. So the awards and contracts are lagging the 10% so far. I'd say they're closer to 5%.
Operator: Next, we have the line of Jim Ricchiuti of Needham & Company.
James Ricchiuti: Robert, I'm a little surprised that you see the kind of organic growth over the balance of the year and the Digital Imaging segment being as strong as it is. Is that mainly coming from the X-ray detector and MEMS businesses? I would assume you've got tougher comparisons ahead in the industrial machine vision area, or you just see that as continuing to be a good growth area over the balance of the year?
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Jim. Let me just note first, on a larger picture, our Digital Imaging ground rate right now is about $800 million. Of that, machine vision is about $285 million, or about 6% of that or less than $50 million is in flat panel displays. As you know, there's a little bit of concern about flat panel displays. When you look at the overall budget in Digital Imaging, that business, that part of the business, is only 6% of Digital Imaging and less than 1.8% of Teledyne as a whole. So if that goes up and down, goes down a little, it's not going to change things for us. Where we are enjoying really good uplift is in a lot of barcode IDs, sensors, cameras for identification. We also have a very strong ophthalmology digital program. We have also -- where we do -- provide cameras for optical coherence tomography. We have other things in printing, factory automation. And of course, we have a strong program in defense and space. And we have some -- we also play some in food and solar, recycling and other sensors.  So all in all, what we anticipate is that we may have a little headwind as some people are projecting in FPD, but that's not going to affect as much because the business portfolio in Digital Imaging is very well-distributed among many industries and like the portfolio for all of Teledyne. And things are -- things look all right for us. And we're integrating, of course, a lot of the stuff from e2v directly across with DALSA as well as our imaging programs here in Thousand Oaks.
James Ricchiuti: Okay, that's helpful. Just shifting to the Instrumentation business. I wonder if you could size the costs, some of the unusual costs that impacted operating income, the facilities relocation costs.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, in the marine area, we're moving an operation, as I indicated, from the U.K. to Florida. It's just one -- it's a small business. It's -- because it makes very large systems, we've had some delays in shipping of the systems because we have to certify, I mean, in their existing factories. We have taken about $2 million, $2.5 million hit from that. We expect a little continuation of that in Q2. But by the end of Q2, that should be behind us. And that's why I said I think in marine business, both our revenue will go up and I expect that our margins will improve as we move through the year.
James Ricchiuti: Okay. And wondering, was currency -- was there any benefits from currency in the quarter on the top line?
Robert Mehrabian: It was very minor.
James Ricchiuti: Okay. Okay. And last question for me. Just I'm wondering on the M&A front, any more e2vs out there?
Robert Mehrabian: I wish. I wish. No, there are some, maybe not exactly like e2v, because e2v was very unique. Everything they had kind of fit into one or another part of Teledyne. There are a few things we are looking at, but as you know, even with the current market going down slightly, everybody's looking in the rearview mirror and kind of have very high expectations. But I think things are moderating. So we should have some opportunities.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Next we have the line of George Godfrey of CLK.
George Godfrey: You highlighted a number of applications in the Digital Imaging, and the organic growth there is really strong. Are those new products and applications replacing older equipment? Is it new devices? Are you gaining market share? It's like, what is the product being used and what is being displaced?
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. First, on a broader scale, historically, we've been in line scan devices. We are now moving into the larger market of area scan. Second, which is a nice mid-market for us, we also have a whole series of new products. As one of our recent announcements indicated, both DALSA and e2v won awards at the recent Digital Imaging Show, gold and a silver medal in the new product introductions, both in line scan camera as well as in the optical coherence tomography camera, which I have mentioned before.  The other areas that, George, are really doing well for us is, first, in X-rays, as I mentioned, because we have introduced probably the most advanced X-ray detectors in the world, both for dental and medical applications. That business is growing fast enough that we've had to increase our capacity in our Eindhoven laboratories so that we can have 2 X-ray detector production facilities, one in Waterloo and one in Eindhoven. Second, the MEMS, as I mentioned, microelectromechanical relays -- microelectromechanical systems, there, we have increased -- we have had to increase a gain capacity. You saw our CapEx has increased a little bit. That's partly -- again, we're having to increase capacity there by 900 -- 9,000 square feet with clean rooms in order to accommodate the increased demand from both life science; we make some very interesting products for life science applications, as well as for more semiconductor applications as well as machine vision applications. So having said all of that, I think the distribution of growth is across our products. It ranges from MEMS to new products in sensors, new products in machine vision and also increased revenue from our RF products that are going into radiotherapy for cancer patients. So it's a broad portfolio, and it seems to be hitting on all cylinders so far.
George Godfrey: That's great. And a question for Sue. Is $80 million for CapEx a reasonable estimate for this year?
Susan Main: Yes, we're thinking between $80 million, $90 million.
Operator: And at this time, we actually have no further questions in the queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much, Justin. I'm going to ask Jason VanWees to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. If you do have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release. Justin, if you could conclude the call and provide the replay information, we would appreciate it. Thanks again.
Operator: Certainly. Thank you. So ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. We do thank you very much for your participation. The replay of today's event will be available for you by dialing 800-475-6701 and using the access code of 446200. Alternatively, if you're dialing internationally, you can reach the same recorded replay by dialing 320-365-3844 and using the same access code of 446200. Again, we do thank you very much for all of your participation and using AT&T's Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - SVP, Strategy and Mergers & Acquisitions Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President and CEO Susan L. Main - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Greg Konrad - Jefferies James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company George Godfrey - C.L. King & Associates
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] Also as a reminder, today's teleconference is being recorded. At this time, we'll turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, Tony. Good morning everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Chief Operating Officer, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and SVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. However, of course before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings, and yes, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being Webcast and a replay both via Webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining our earnings call. We ended 2017 with a truly great quarter. Record sales of $704.4 million reflected growth in each business segment and major product category with overall organic growth exceeding 9%. Full-year 2017 was by any measure a record year, record sales, record earnings, record operating margin, record cash flow, and a successful acquisition and integration of Teledyne e2v, our largest acquisition to date. Furthermore, we achieved record GAAP earnings despite significant nonrecurring charges associated with the acquisition of e2v and the U.S. tax reform. In particular, our Digital Imaging segment continued to perform exceptionally well with organic growth of 13% and 17% in Q4 and full year respectively. Furthermore, nearly all of our other businesses achieved mid to high single-digit organic growth in the fourth quarter. On a full-year basis, organic sales growth was over 7%. While end markets were more cooperative, years of increased R&D leading to new product introductions gained significant traction. Also, our 2017 performance reflected difficult cost reductions in prior years and a disciplined execution to remain lean. Turning back to our quarterly results, total revenue increased 27.4% and GAAP earnings per share increased 24.3% compared to last year, while GAAP operating margin increased 122 basis points. Adjusted for charges related to U.S. tax reform and the e2v acquisition, earnings per share increased 19% in the fourth quarter and 25% for the full year. I do want to comment briefly on the presentation of our fourth quarter and full-year 2017 results. 2017 was a singular and unique year, given the magnitude of the e2v acquisition related expenses, primarily in the first quarter, and charges related to the U.S. tax reform legislation in the fourth quarter. While we have provided results adjusted for these items, it is worth noting that we have only adjusted earnings for these two specific nonrecurring charges. We do not and never have adjusted for ongoing non-cash expenses, such as amortization of intangible assets or stock-based compensation. For reference, in the full-year 2017, amortization alone was approximately $40 million or about $0.80 per share of non-cash expense. In addition, our 2018 outlook is 100% GAAP. Now turning to our four business segments, in our Instrumentation segment, fourth quarter sales increased 13.4% from last year. Segment operating profit also increased, but margins declined slightly due in part to a facility relocation and some product line inventory rationalization in our marine product lines. Sales of marine instruments increased 7.7%, due primarily to higher sales of sonar systems, autonomous underwater vehicles, and interconnect and cable solutions for land-based energy application. This was our third consecutive quarter of year-over-year increases in sales of marine instruments. As a reminder, these product lines in the aggregate declined significantly in 2015 and 2016, given compression in the offshore energy industry. While offshore energy only represents about 6% of Teledyne sales, we are reasonably optimistic about current industry trends and long-term upside in 2019 and beyond. In the environmental domain, sales increased 20.5% overall and organically 9.8%, largely as a result of increased sales of laboratory and life science instruments. The total sale increase included the acquisitions of Hanson Research and Scientific Systems, known as SSI, as well as continued growth in industrial and monitoring instruments. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased 15.6% overall and 11.1% organically. Sales of protocol analyzers, including the Bluetooth and High Definition Multimedia Interface or HDMI products acquired in 2016, as well as SP Devices business from e2v were especially strong in the fourth quarter. In addition, operating margin for electronic test and measurement products continued to increase and was a record. Turning to the Digital Imaging segment, fourth quarter sales increased 80.1%, with organic growth of 13%. The organic increase in sales was broad-based across both our commercial and defense businesses, with particularly strong growth for industrial machine vision cameras, X-ray detectors for life sciences applications and laser-based geospatial mapping systems. Teledyne e2v was a major contributor, adding approximately $75 million of revenue in the quarter. GAAP segment operating margin increased 363 basis points from last year. While the margin benefited from the reversal of some prior acquisition related costs, even excluding this benefit segment operating exceeded last quarter's record. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, fourth quarter sales increased 18.8% due to contribution from Teledyne e2v but also strong underlying organic growth of 8.6% driven by greater sales of commercial avionics, and defense and space microwave and interconnect devices. Segment operating margin increased 168 basis points to 20.5% due to greater sales, favorable product mix and improved margins across the majority of product categories. In the Engineered Systems segment, fourth quarter revenue increased 5.9%. Operating margin was the highest in 2017 but declined slightly year-over-year solely due to a record tough comparison. The higher revenue primarily reflected greater sales from marine manufacturing and missile defense programs. In concluding my comments, I want to offer some perspective on our businesses, the U.S. tax reform and our 2018 outlook. We currently believe that organic revenue growth in 2018 will be approximately 3% compared to 7% for the full year 2017. I want to emphasize that this does not represent a deceleration, but rather the fact that Teledyne e2v will be included in the organic growth numbers for three of the four quarters next year. While the e2v businesses collectively are high margin growing businesses, some of the medical and defense-related product lines are likely to grow at a lower rate than Teledyne DALSA which was the very strong contributor to Digital Imaging and the whole of Teledyne in 2017. We also currently estimate that as a result of U.S. tax reform, our total effective tax rate will be lower by approximately 300 to 400 basis points going forward. This reflects the U.S. federal rate reduction from 35% to 21% and tax benefit for U.S. exports, but also some negative offsets such as potential tax on higher profit foreign income, the loss of some manufacturing and compensation related deductions, unknown state by state impact in the U.S., as well as lower level of anticipated favorable discrete items compared to prior periods. Finally, I want to emphasize that 2017, our 18th full year as an independent company, was our most successful and personally most rewarding. Also, due to our record cash flow, we reduced leverage from 3.0 to 2.3 in nine months following the e2v acquisition. Furthermore, I believe Teledyne now has the solid foundation, the right business mix, and the financial strength to continue its profitable growth in the foreseeable future. I'll now turn the call over to Sue.
Susan L. Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our first quarter and full-year 2018 outlook. In the fourth quarter, record cash flow from operating activities was $126.4 million compared with cash flow of $66.3 million for the same period of 2016. The higher cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter of 2017 primarily reflected the impact of higher operating income, cash flow from Teledyne e2v and lower income tax payments. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, more than doubled to $108.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2017, compared with $43.1 million in 2016. Capital expenditures were $18 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $16.7 million for the same period of 2016. Depreciation and amortization expense was $25.6 million in the fourth quarter compared to $21.7 million for the same period of 2016. We ended the quarter with $1.0 billion of net debt. That is approximately $1.07 billion of debt and capital leases less cash of $70.9 million for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 33.9%. Our leverage ratio was 2.3x at the end of the fourth quarter of 2017 compared to 2.6c at the end of the third quarter of 2017. Stock option compensation expense was $3.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 compared with $2.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. In the fourth quarter, we recorded provisional charges of $4.7 million, or $0.13 per share, related to the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. This primarily resulted from a $26.2 million repatriation tax charge partially offset by a reduction in net deferred tax liabilities and other items resulting in a gain of $21.5 million. Also in the fourth quarter there was a minor favorable pre-tax adjustment of $1.1 million related to inventory step-up amortization as part of the e2v transaction. On a full year basis, e2v related charges were $27 million, or approximately $0.54 a share. Turning to our outlook, management currently believes the GAAP earnings per share in the first quarter of 2018 will be in the range of $1.50 to $1.55 per share, and for the full year 2018 our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $7.51 to $7.61. The 2018 full-year estimated tax rate is 21.5% before discrete items, which is currently expected to be lower in 2018 than in prior periods. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much, Sue. We'd like now to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Just wanted to start on a quick question about the quarter, just in terms of Instrumentation margin, it seemed a little bit light, can you maybe talk about the moving pieces there?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. There are two parts to that. One is our marine businesses and the other is our environmental and electronic test and measurement businesses. In the marine businesses, our margins declined somewhat primarily because we are still continuing to consolidate some of our operations. As an example, we are relocating an operation from the United Kingdom to Florida, and where as a consequence of that there are some changes that we took, our margins declined to 8.3%. That's in the marine businesses. On the flipside, the rest of Instrumentation had really good margins. Environmental had margins of 19.8% and test and measurement margins were up 75 basis points to 14.8%. So, it's the combination of the two that lowered the overall margins to 12.3%. But I think going forward, with the marine charges behind us, the marine margins hopefully will increase to double-digit again.
Greg Konrad: Thank you. And then, generally around this time you provide an outlook just for the margins by segment. Can you give us a little bit color on expectations for 2018?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. There are two things, Greg, that we should be cognizant of. The first is what the guidance is for future charges in pension benefits. What's happened is that, first, our legacy pension program is very healthy, it's at a 100% overfunded and it's been closed to new hires for over 14 years. Nevertheless, there are some new accounting guidance that has been issued that requires in 2018 we split pension expense into two components. One, service cost is now going to move above the operating income, which will lower operating margin. Other income components will be below the operating line. EPS won't change compared to our current financial statements, but this change in pension accounting will cause about 45 basis points contraction in the margin going forward, and of course we will restate the prior periods for comparability. Having said that, I expect that our overall margin for next year, if we were to keep the current accounting system for pension, would improve about 45 to 50 basis points, as it's done in the current and prior years. However, because of the change I just noted, and there's some effect from stock options because we did not issue any stock options in 2015, now we have three years of stock options hitting our earnings, all in all I think we will give back the margin improvement and end up next year in the new accounting system with about a 13% margin versus 12.9% this year, recognizing that we are taking a 45 basis point contraction from just the pension accounting, but we'll restate 2017 for comparison. That's the broader margin going forward. Did you have any other questions on margins that I can help with?
Greg Konrad: I just want to go back to one thing, what was the size of the charge in marine? I'm just trying to do the walk into 2018.
Robert Mehrabian: It was approximately about $1.5 million, maybe a little more.
Greg Konrad: Thanks. And then just one last one for me, I mean listening to earnings calls since tax reform, it seems like there's been a lot of companies announcing step-ups in CapEx, a large part of your business is probably directed towards that type of spending, any indication from your customers in terms of CapEx budgets and how we should think about that in terms of top line growth?
Robert Mehrabian: I think we are seeing CapEx growth among our customers. I did project CapEx growth. We have generally been very cautious with our capital, except this year. We have two or three projects that are very important for us to invest in, in capital investments. The first one is our MEMS foundry in Canada, in Bromont, Canada, is under capacity constraints right now. We have so much work that we are not able to meet all of our customer needs. So we are going to invest somewhere between $10 million and $15 million more next year and expand that facility by another at least 10,000 square feet. Second, in our X-ray businesses, in our detector businesses which are for medical and dental applications, in our CMOS X-rays, we are again capacity-limited. We do most of that work in Canada near Toronto. We also have another operation in the Netherlands. We are going to take over part of a former Philips cleanroom facility to also start making detectors in Europe to expand our capacity to meet needs. And then lastly, we bought e2v. It has been  some of the operations there have been starved for capital investments and we'll be making some serious capital investments to upgrade our facility, especially in Chanceford where we make a lot of our products. So, for us, the normal CapEx expenditures, which are approximately $50 million to $65 million, with these additions we think that our CapEx will move another $20 million to about $80 million.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
James Ricchiuti: Rob, really just want to make sure I heard you, in terms of organic growth this year, it's somewhat in the area of 3%, is that what you're suggesting?
Robert Mehrabian: No, this year's organic growth  2017 or 2018, which one are you asking?
James Ricchiuti: I'm sorry, 2018.
Robert Mehrabian: 2018, yes, you are right. I am estimating currently, we are estimating currently about 3%. Partially it's because we don't expect marine to grow much. We think 2019 would be the year it will grow, based on everything that we see. The other side is that in environmental and test and measurements, we are expecting about 3%. Also should do better than that our Digital Imaging, over 4%. So, overall we think 3% organic growth and another 3% acquisition impact. Total right now at this moment we are looking at about 6%.
James Ricchiuti: Got it. And you have some difficult comparisons coming up with Digital Imaging. So you mentioned you think DALSA is going to have another good year. Are you anticipating decelerations in other areas of the Digital Imaging? I'm wondering what the outlook looks like for say the industrial machine vision part of the business. How are you viewing the Digital Imaging business after the year that it experienced in 2017?
Robert Mehrabian: Jim, I am fairly positive about Digital Imaging. Our book-to-bill at the end of the year is about 1.16 for all of 2017 when we ended the year. So, that bodes well going forward. We think that the only problem with that business is that some of it is very short cycle businesses. It could be better but I'm being conservative. I'm positive about it because we have a lot of new products that are really introduced and are doing very well in the market. The U.S. based digital imaging market is estimated right now to grow about 14%. Overall, I would say I'm positive about Digital Imaging, both because we are introducing new products but we also have some new products in the infrared domain. And then finally, as you know, we do have a part of Digital Imaging that is here in Thousand Oaks area, in Camarillo, where we do government infrared imaging business. We are getting traction, really good traction in some classified programs. We don't show all the margin improvements there because as you know, our research lab which is located here which we acquired in 2016, we reinvest all the income in that business to develop new products, and we've done that since 2006. So, all in all, we think Digital Imaging will do well. But where we think there is going to be some tough comps, as you put it, it will be in the other areas, especially in the A&D section/segment in avionics because of record work that we had in aftermarket product. So, Digital Imaging I'm very positive about, maybe a little conservative.
James Ricchiuti: And the last question for me, Robert, you alluded to the book-to-bill for the year, and I believe it was the Digital Imaging business, can you give us the book-to-bill for the quarter for the Company and would you be able to give it provided for the major segments?
Robert Mehrabian: I'll try. I think for the Company it's closer to 1 for the quarter. Going back to Digital Imaging, for the quarter alone is about 1.12. In the Instrument area, overall it's about 0.9 with environmental and T&M being closer to 1, marine being below that. AD&E, which is our Aerospace and Defense Electronics, it's a little over 1. And Engineered Systems, right now it's below 1 but for the whole year it's 1.04. As you know, that's a lumpy government business, so you got to take a longer-term view of that. So, overall for the quarter we are close to 1 if you look at overall. If you look at the whole year, we are about 5% up, so it's 1.01. I'm sorry, we're up 1.05.
James Ricchiuti: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Next in queue is George Godfrey with CLK. Please go ahead.
George Godfrey: Robert, first question, Aerospace and Defense, did I hear you say that you're a little bit more cautious on that segment, offsetting the optimism in Digital Imaging?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, a little bit. There's two parts to that, George. One part has to do with avionics, which is our radar acquisitions and communication systems of Boeing commercial aircraft and some defense aircraft. We are a little cautious in that domain because we had such a great year this year, especially in the aftermarket. The flipside, we are more positive about our microwave product in the defense portion, partially because investments even the sequestration, or continuing resolution I should say, the electronic warfare budgets are moving up because of the problems that we have with our adversaries. So, we expect an uptick in the rest of our Defense Electronics businesses. So, combining the two together, we think it's going to be, if up, relatively modestly up. I should also note that in Defense Electronics we do have some serious opportunities for growth next year which are not defense related. These have to do with our products that are going into the new satellite systems, like in OneWeb. There we have, we ship the channelizers, which essentially permit the signal to be divided in 16 or so channels, and we are expecting we are provided all the engineering products and we expect the launch contract there for the future. And as you know, that's going to be over 1,000 satellites that would be launched sometime in 2018 and forward.
George Godfrey: Got it. Thank you. And then looking at Instrumentation margins, you talked about how they were down this quarter due to some one-time charges and relocation. If I go back looking at like 2012 for example where the Instrumentation margin was 18%, is there anything tied to that margin level that requires oil prices to be say over $100 a barrel, or is that margin achievable at 70 or 80 or 85? I'm just trying to get an understanding of how much the equipment might be tied to companies purchasing that can be justified when oil is very expensive or perhaps not so much when it's at a $70 level. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: That's a good question. The years you mentioned are, marine margins were about 18%. As you'll recall, two things happened. One, our marine revenue between 2014 and 2016 went down over $200 million. And even in 2014 it was $655 million. We finished 2017 closer to $430 million. So, that's a serious contraction. The contraction primarily happened in our oil and gas exploration and production business. The rest of our marine businesses have remained fairly good. But in order to maintain content on our offshore platforms, we've had to reduce price significantly by about 20% to 25%, which is effective margins but at the same time it's enabled us to get long-term majority, commitments for majority of their products to be bought from us. So, coming back to the oil prices  by the way, concurrently though with that of course we have cut costs significantly, have taken out almost 800 to 900 of our employees. On the oil price, as you know, Brent hit a three year high this year, close to $70. We see signs of commitments to offshore production. They take anywhere from 12 months to 24 months to become realized. We see some improvements in Christmas trees, which are the equipment that go on to oil-head in the bottom of the ocean. 2016 was the very low. 2017 doubled from 80 to 170. 2018 is projected to go to 236 and 2019 to almost 300 Christmas trees. Now remember, the years you mentioned going back before 2013, the average was about 400. So, I don't think it's going to get up there but I don't think oil has to be at $100 for those businesses just to get traction, partially because everybody has reduced their breakeven cost and some of the deepwater offshore production is now profitable at less than $50. And so, while volume we expect we'll begin increasing in 2019, margins would go for what was in the Q4, the best on 10%, should go above 10%. Whether they'll ever get to 18, I don't know but that certainly improves somewhere between where they are now and where they were then. I hope that answers your question.
George Godfrey: Yes, it does, Robert. Thank you very much. And then just my last question is, e2v has been just proven to be a home-run acquisition and it's fundamentally changed the margin structure in the Digital Imaging segment. Is that a function of their products just being fundamentally more profitable or have you been able to significantly improve those operations, and then I'm thinking can you bring that IP into other segments of Teledyne?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me just answer the first part. It's been a great acquisition by any measure for us. But if I go back, I look at our other large acquisition, DALSA, when we acquired it in 2011 it had relatively compressed margins. Now, e2v has good margins. But DALSA this year enjoyed margins approaching 20%. e2v on the other hand, while it has good margins, please recall that overall their margins are lower than DALSA and partially because we have intangible amortization. In the Digital Imaging for example, e2v's amortization for this year 2018 is about $11 million. So, that compresses the margin. And consequently, e2v's overall GAAP margins are lower than DALSA. Going forward, I think because of the intangible compression, e2v will grow the overall margin for Digital Imaging. Having said that, DALSA used to have a compressed margin, but its margins have more than doubled. The same thing with LeCroy. When we bought LeCroy, it had very low margins. It has more than doubled since our acquisition. And if we do what we did in those domains with e2v, I think our margins will improve with time. There also you asked a question of how some of those products may carryover to other segments. First, in the space imaging domain we have between DALSA, Teledyne Imaging here, and e2v, we practically own the visible and the infrared businesses for astronomy and we are making some large in-roads in defense programs. Similar to e2v, because e2v has not had access to the U.S. defense market, we expect that we'll be able to introduce some other product into our defense markets here, which is of course a bridge across to our other products. Also, we have inherited some really outstanding high-performance analog-to-digital and digital-to-analog conversion devices that cut across all of our businesses. Between what they bring and what we have, I think we'd have a significant overlap, and certainly hope in all of our other segments. So, it's been a great acquisition. It doesn't have the margins that DALSA has. But DALSA didn't have the margins it has now and when we acquired it, but it does have highly margin. We've got mid double-digit margins even with amortization of intangibles that I mentioned.
George Godfrey: Great. Thank you very much, Robert.
Operator: We do have a follow-up in the queue from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
James Ricchiuti: Just with respect to acquisitions in general, I guess you're coming up on the one year anniversary of the e2v acquisition next month. Robert, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about where we might see Teledyne going next and what does the pipeline look like? Is it more difficult to find acquisition opportunities in this current valuation environment?
Robert Mehrabian: I think the valuation of course is problematic to a certain extent, but it's not a very good excuse in a lot of ways. If we find the right thing and we pay the right price, even if it's a little over what we would have paid two years ago, we would acquire businesses. Our focus right now is in two areas. Obviously Digital Imaging and anything related to that domain would be very attractive for us. And the other we have a bit is in the environmental portion of our Instrumentation business. We make a lot of different products there, ranging from water quality monitoring, air pollution monitoring, particulates in air, and we made one small acquisition, SSI, in mid-year this year, and we would like to do more of that. So, we will make some acquisitions. The size of course we prefer if it was significantly larger so it moved the needle, but we expect to  we have the money, we have the financial resources as I said, our debt-to-EBITDA ratio is right now about 2.3, was 3 when we acquired e2v. Our net debt is about $1 billion. If we even generate the cash we did this year, which was over $300 million, that was significantly down this year. We have anywhere from right now about 600 million to 700 million capacity to buy things and by year-end that should go up by another $300 million. So, we'll buy things if we can find the right products, Digital Imaging being first, environmental being second in terms of our preferences.
James Ricchiuti: Okay. Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there's no additional questions in the queue. Please continue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. I'll now ask Jason to conclude our conference call please.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert, and again, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. If you do have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release and of course all our news releases are available on our Web-site. Tony, if you could please conclude the conference call and provide the replay details for the audience, we'd appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 11 AM Pacific Time today, running through March 1 at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive playback service at any time by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 442739. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Once again, those phone numbers are 800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, using the access code of 442739. That does conclude your conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - Senior Vice President Strategy and M&A Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Sue Main - Senior Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Greg Konrad - Jefferies Jim Ricchiuti - Needham and Company George Godfrey - CL King
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Teledyne Technologies Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a questions-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, good morning everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And Id like to welcome everyone to Teledynes Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Conference Call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; COO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and the periodic SEC filings, and yes actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Heres Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. And, thank you for joining our earnings call. Im pleased to report that in the third quarter, we achieved all time record GAAP earnings per share and all time record GAAP operating margin. Our results were due to first strong overall organic sales growth exceeding 8%, and second excellent contributions from acquisitions, especially Teledyne e2v. In particular, our image - Digital Imaging segment performed exceptionally well and we also achieved strong organic sales growth in each instrumentation product group including Marine Instrumentation as well as the majority of our government and defense businesses. Furthermore total company orders continue to exceed sales and free cash flow was a record for any third quarter. Before commenting on our business segments in more detail, I want to offer some perspective on our performance, products and end markets. In the third quarter, sales growth was well balanced among our segments as well as along product line within our segment. For example, organic growth in our Digital Imaging segment exceeded 20%. The largest drivers for this growth were cameras or machine vision applications, such as flat panel displays, and CMOS-based digital X-ray detectors for dental and medical imaging. After several years of investment in the development of this higher resolution, low-dosage X-ray detectors, we are pleased to see OEM adoption now accelerating. Our Digital Imaging product lines, including micro-electromechanical systems or MEMS geospace mapping systems and our government imaging businesses also increased organically at double digit rates. In our instrumentation segment, sales of both environmental and electronic test and measurement instruments also increased organically at double digit rates. Finally orders in our long cycle government based businesses representing about 24% of total sales began increasing early in this year, and we have now achieved three consecutive quarters of year-over-year organic growth in these businesses. As I mentioned last quarter, in the absence of major headwinds, such as offshore energy, our result demonstrate Teledynes strong consistent and balanced underlying business performance as well as our successful acquisition strategy and the integration execution. Turning back to the quarterly results, total revenue increased 25.7% compared to last year, with earnings per share growing even more increasing to just over 30%. GAAP operating margin also increased 97 basis points, despite 44 basis points of charges related to the e2v acquisition, and even with these charges both operating margin and EBITDA margin were historical records for Teledyne. Finally, a short comment on the presentation of our full-year 2017 results and outlook, the first quarter of 2017 was the one and only quarter in our history in which we highlighted non-GAAP adjusted earnings simply given the magnitude of the e2v acquisition-related expenses. So, while we are providing a full-year outlook adjusted for such expenses, it is worth noting that we have only adjusted the full-year outlook for specific nonrecurring transaction cost which we expect to end this year. We do not and never have adjusted for ongoing expenses such as amortization of intangible assets. For reference in full-year 2017, amortization alone would represent approximately $40 million or about $0.80 per share of non-cash expense. Now turning to our four business segments, in our instrumentation segment, third quarter sales increased 11.6% from last year. Segment operating profit and operating margin also increased due to margin improvement at each major product category. Sales of Marine Instrument increased 4.3% due primarily to higher sales of interconnect and cable solution. This was our second year-over-year increase in sales of Marine Instrument. We currently believe that these products line in aggregate has stabilized. In the environmental domain sales increased 21.8%, largely as a result of continued growth in industrial air monitoring instruments as well as increased sales of laboratory and life science instruments, which included the acquisition of Hanson Research and scientific systems, also referred to SSI. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased 13% overall and 10.1% organically. Sales of protocol analyzers used by engineers to troubleshoot data communication systems and test interoperability, for example between wireless devices continued to be healthy and product line gross margins and overall operating margins continued to increase. Turning to the Digital Imaging segment, third quarter sales increased 94.4% with organic growth of 22.1%. As mentioned earlier, the organic increase in sales was broad based across both our commercial and Defense Electronics, with particularly strong growth for industrial machine vision cameras and X-ray detectors for life science applications. Each of the Teledyne e2v was a strong contributor adding approximately $70 million of revenue in the quarter. GAAP operating margin increased 478 basis points from last year, despite headwind from our amortization of intangibles and about $2.9 million of transaction related charges from e2v. In the aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, third quarter sales increased 7.6% primarily as a result of the acquisitions of Teledyne e2v. Segment operating margin declined due to increased sales from some lower margin defense programs as well as relocation cost of a manufacturing facility from Mexico to the United States. Nevertheless, overall margin remained healthy at 17.8%. In the Engineered Systems segment, third quarter revenue increased 9.9% and operating margin improved 75 basis points, the higher revenue and margin primarily resulted from greater sales for marine manufacturing programs and cruise missile turbine engines. In concluding my comments, I want to first offer some perspective on our outlook. Given our strong third quarter results and balanced growth across our business portfolio, we now believe that full-year 2017 total company organic growth would be approximately 6% compared to 5.5% noted last quarter, and 4.5% noted at the end for the first quarter. Due to our strong cash flow, we have reduced leverage from 3.4 times to 2.6 times in the six months following the acquisition of Teledyne e2v. And, this also includes the acquisition of SSI or $31 million in July of this year. Finally given our strong balance sheet, success in each of the integration, and stability across all our markets, we are currently pursuing a broad range of acquisition opportunities. I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2017 outlook. In the third quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $107.9 million compared with cash flow of $98 million for the same period of 2016. The higher cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter of 2017 primarily reflected the impact of higher net income and cash flow from Teledyne e2v partially offset by higher income tax payments. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $92.3 million in the third quarter of 2017 compared with $83.6 million in 2016. Capital expenditures were $15.6 million in the third quarter compared to $14.4 million for the same period of 2016. Depreciation and amortization expense was $31.4 million in the third quarter compared to $22.8 million for the same period of 2016. The increase in depreciation and amortization largely resulted from the acquisition of e2v. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.1 billion of net debt that is approximately $1.2 billion of debt and capital leases, less cash of $82.5 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 37.5%. Our leverage ratio was 2.6 times at the end of the third quarter of 2017 compared to 2.8 times at the end of the second quarter of 2017. Stock option compensation expense was $3.2 million in the third quarter of 2017 compared with $2.5 million in the third quarter of 2016. Regarding e2v acquisition related charges, the third quarter of 2017 contained $2.9 million of pre-tax charges in our Digital Imaging segment. Non-recurring charges specifically related to the acquisition have now ended. However full-year 2017 results will be impacted by a total of $28.1 million or approximately $0.56 per share. Turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2017 will be in the range of $1.70 to $1.75 per share. And, for the full-year 2017 our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $6.10 to $6.15. Adjusted full-year earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $6.66 to $6.71, this compares to our prior outlook of $6.15 to $6.25. The 2017 full-year effective tax rate excluding any discrete items is expected to be 27.7%. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions, operator if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers please go ahead.
Operator: Okay. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Hey good morning, and great quarter. I was hoping maybe we could start just to discuss some of the margin drivers in Digital Imaging. Historically theres been a lot of moving pieces with R&D and amortization. Have the margin expectations for that segment kind of been reset just judging from Q3 performance?
Robert Mehrabian: I think the margins in Q3 were exceptionally high, Greg, primarily because of real up both DALSA and e2v. Some of - as you know in our Digital Imaging, we have two other components that are lower margin businesses, one of them is our Digital Imaging at Teledyne which is our infrared imaging, and the other one is our research laboratory, which we take no profit from. So, I think in the fourth quarter, these margins would moderate somewhat and we think the other thing that may go against this a little bit is flat panel display production, which we provide cameras for maybe moving out from Q4 into 2018.
Greg Konrad: Since you brought up 2018 and thats kind of a good segue, I mean, as youve said here, youve had accelerating organic growth through the first three quarter. Can you maybe give just an indication of where you think - see things going in 2018?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think organic, great, of course, as looking into the future, its not that easy. I think organically, my expectations at the present time are still go about 3%, it could be a little higher, but 3% is where our thoughts are. And, I think total growth would be around 6%, it could be a little higher again as I said, but right now thats where were setting our expectation.
Greg Konrad: Thank you. And, just last one for me, I mean, in the past youve kind of given full year margin outlook for segment just to go back to my first question, just kind of looking at Q3, can you maybe discuss margin by segment?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I can try. I think instrumentation would be a little over 14%, Digital Imaging probably around 14.5%, aerospace and Defense Electronics about 18.5%. And, I think engineered systems about 12.8% to 12.9%. A total segment margin as you recall first quarter and throughout weve taken $9.4 million of charges because of e2v, so the first quarter was lower, we think well end up over 15%, maybe 15.2%, I hope that helps.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, thank you, good morning. Robert, just going back to Digital Imaging, is the growth, the activity youre seeing in the industrial machine vision area, is that mainly display related or youre seeing growth and demand just more broadly across factory automation?
Robert Mehrabian: I think its broader than that, we have cameras, of course, for flat panel display, but we introduced some cameras for - two dimensional displays, some custom sensors that we make, I would say we have a balance growth in that domain. Were also starting to produce our - and called infrared sensors, which we have developed as I have indicated before we now can make way for level package. So, I think its broader than flat panel, but flat panel is very important, it drives about $50 million a year for our business in that - in there.
Jim Ricchiuti: And, that flat panel is both liquid crystal display and the newer OLED technology?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes.
Jim Ricchiuti: You mentioned I think the book-to-bill was around one for quarter, was that book-to-bill fairly constant across the four business segments or were there any significant variations in that in either Digital Imaging, instrumentation?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Jim. I think the book-to-bill is a little over one its more like 1.04. I think in the instrumentation, its is a little below one and Digital Imaging is probably about 1.07, aerospace and Defense Electronics is 1.03, engineered system is high, but thats because these programs are long-term programs. There, our book-to-bill is more like 1.2, but as I said those are longer-term program. So, overall its about 5% above 1%.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay, and last question and Ill get back in the queue. I was surprised by the growth of the organic growth that you showed in electronic test measurement. I dont recall seeing that kind of growth from LeCroy business in a while, whats driving that?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, theres two parts to that, Jim. First the LeCroy business is healthy, partly because theyve introducing a lot of new products, but secondly in the test measurement or electronics business, we do have a significant business in protocol test, protocol analyzers. And, that business is growing much faster than the oscilloscope business. Even though the oscilloscope business has really moved up, in the protocol business, which as I mentioned before test the interoperability between devices, we have mostly number one position in high definition, multimedia interface, Bluetooth, and other domains. So, the increase in Cloud storage has also helped our protocol businesses, so its a combination of both protocol and LeCroy, yes, oscilloscopes.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay, thank you. Congrats on the quarter.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks a lot. I appreciate that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of George Godfrey with CL King. Please go ahead.
George Godfrey: Thank you, and good morning, and congratulations on
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, George.
George Godfrey: Good morning, Robert, a very nice quarter.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
George Godfrey: In the instrumentation you touched on test measurement, which as reported was up 13% and then just looking at the other two segments, marine, this is the second quarter with nice growth there 4%; and then environmental 22% growth this quarter. Now that you have touched on test measurement, can you just touch on the factors in the marine and the environmental segments as well?
Robert Mehrabian: Of course first Ill maybe start with marine if I may. As I mentioned in the earnings call, the marine businesses have stabilized, and what do I mean by that is that we essentially lost about 30% of our market between 2014 and 2016. This year we are operating about $425 million, $430 million. And, the other thing about that is that our marine businesses have flipped used to be 60/40, energy - off-shore energy exploration and production and then 40% which was science, defense, security, and hydrography, and transportation. Now its the flip side of that, the defense is much stronger and the oil and exploration and production is more like 40% of the portfolio. And, as a consequence that has stabilized, we had a modest growth, but also importantly, weve had improvements in margin, because we took a lot of cost out in that businesses, last year we took almost 25% of the people and then we did significant facility consolidation, we even now finishing up consolidating facility from the U.K. to Florida, so thats the marine business. On the environmental businesses, the growth is coming across that segment or sub-segment, and its very, very strong in environment programs, that do pollution monitoring and air quality monitoring, for example we have very good position in China, and we also have really good products in laboratory and life science businesses, and were growing very well there. And then we did make a smaller acquisition, the high pressure pumps, very accurate high pressure pumps used in things like high pressure liquid chromatography and that helped also, but organically we had double digit growth, because of the health of our businesses across the various product lines.
George Godfrey: Thats excellent. Thank you for that. And, then just one question for Sue, looking at the discrete tax benefits this quarter $9.9 million versus $6.6, and if I go back to Q4 of 16, it looks like the discrete tax benefit was $9.4 million there. Do you expect the similar magnet, I know its not in the guidance, but will there be a discreet tax benefit in Q4 approximately somewhere near those - the magnitude of those numbers?
Sue Main: No, not at all.
George Godfrey: Not at all, okay.
Robert Mehrabian: I think Q4 discrete is going to maybe 4% to 5% and some of that as Sue mentioned earlier coming from stock option exercises, of course the higher our stock price, the more tax benefits we get when people exercise stock options. We do have because of that we have share creep up, so that works against us.
George Godfrey: Got it, thank you for taking my questions.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow up from the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: It sounds like you are suggesting bit of a pickup in acquisition activity, Im wondering if you can and again main broad terms talk about where you might see some attractive opportunities which segments, and would these be - tend to be smaller or there are some opportunities maybe for some larger deals?
Robert Mehrabian: First let me start with the segments please. Obviously anything related to imaging, because our portfolio there is becoming stronger and stronger, and now we have probably the worlds best imaging businesses when you look at and broadest businesses when you look at range from infrared down to visible and ultraviolet. We have all the combination of the product, so we are going to look there very first and just the area we just spoke about which is the environmental area is another nice area for us to make our positions, if there was anything in protocols we would like to acquire, but as I said we already have out of the five areas we cover, we are number one position in four of them. In terms of size, it could be both, we are looking at smaller acquisition and we would be interested in doing something larger, with the cash flow that Sue indicated, if you look at our debt, its about - net debt is about $1.1 billion, our EBITDA is about $430 million $440 million. So, if we didnt do any acquisitions, we could pay down that debt essentially into two and half years approximately. And, we have capacity - that capacity maybe $500 million currently, but then if we acquired anything of course that being some EBITDA with it. So, that would let us do something larger and so we are looking at both of those.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much.
Operator: And, we have no further questions in queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much operator. Ill now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert and again thanks everyone for joining us this morning. And, if you do have follow up questions, please feel free to call me the number on the earnings release. All our earnings releases are available on our website teledyne.com. Ryan, if could please conclude the call, and give the reply information wed appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Okay, ladies and gentleman as you heard todays call was recorded for replay. That replay will be available starting at 10:00 AM specific today and run through December 2 at midnight. You may access the A&T replay system by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 430455. International participants may dial into the United States at 320-365-3844. Those numbers again 1-800-475-6701, international is 320-365-3844, and the access code for todays call is 430455. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees  Senior Vice President Strategy and M&A Robert Mehrabian  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Sue Main  Senior Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Greg Konrad  Jefferies Jim Ricchiuti  Needham and Company  George Godfrey  CL King
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all parties are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a questions-and-answer session instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, good morning everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And Id like to welcome everyone to Teledynes second quarter 2017 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; COO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, well ask for your questions. Of course, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and the periodic SEC filings, and of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Heres Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason and good morning, and thank you for joining our call this morning. I am pleased to report our historically best results for Teledyne this morning. Sales and earnings per share were both records. Specifically, sales growth accelerated in the second quarter, driven by total organic growth of over 7% with growth in each segment and across all major product lines. In addition, Teledyne e2v performed very well in its first full quarter and added another 16.8% for our sales. Notwithstanding the balance growth across all of our businesses, our strong results was largely reflect exceptional gains in our Digital Imaging segment coupled with focused execution that was evidenced by margin improvements across nearly all of Teledyne. Over the last four years, Teledyne endured significant declines first in our defense markets and then in our offshore energy businesses. In 2017 and in the absence of major market headwinds, our results demonstrate Teledyne's strong, consistent, and balanced underlying business performance as well as our successful acquisition strategy and integration execution. Regarding the latter, we continued our record of prudent capital deployment, recently acquiring Scientific Systems or SSI. SSI is a great fit, both strategically and culturally, with one of Teledyne's strongest performing environmental instrumentation businesses that is Teledyne Isco, which was acquired in 2004 and now delivers consistent operating margins of over 25% under the leadership of Vicki Benne. Turning back to the quarterly results, revenue increased 24.3% compared to last year, with GAAP earnings per share growing even more, with an increase of 24.8%. Operating margin also increased in each segment in fact, it is not the $4 million of e2v acquisition related charges both operating margin and EBITDA margin would have also been historical records for Teledyne. Finally, record orders were greater than sales with a book-to-bill of 1.03 yielding total backlog of approximately $1.2 billion. Before discussing our business segments, I want to make some comments about the presentation of our results in-light of the recent e2v acquisition. Following the one and only quarter in our history in which we highlighted non-GAAP adjusted earnings we are pleased to return to reporting GAAP results despite ongoing albeit smaller acquisition related charges. However, given the magnitude, of the acquisition related expenses primarily in the first quarter of the year, we are also providing a full-year outlook adjusted for such expenses. Finally it is worth noting that we have only adjusted the full-year outlook for specific non-recurring transaction costs, which we expect to end this year. Significant ongoing expenses such as amortization of intangible assets have always been and will remain within our reported GAAP results. For reference in full-year 2017, amortization alone would represent approximately $40 million or about $0.81 per share of non-cash expense. Regarding Teledyne e2v, the integration with our existing businesses is progressing as planned. As a reminder given the complementary products in the machine vision, space imaging, medical imaging and semiconductor markets, the majority of Teledyne e2vs operations are now reported within our Digital Imaging segment. The balance of Teledyne e2v businesses comprised of defense related microwave and semiconductor devices are reported within our Aerospace and Defense Electronics segments. Finally a small, high technology business known as Teledyne SP devices is now combined with Teledyne LeCroy and is reported within our Instrumentation segment. Now turning to our business segment results. In our Instrumentation segment, second quarter sales increased 6.2% from last year. Sales of Marine Instrumentations increased 3% due primarily to higher sales of sensors for our offshore energy exploration. Due to reasonable orders and easier comparisons going forward, we currently believe our marine instrumentation product lines in aggregate have stabilized. In the environmental domain sales increased 13.6%, largely as a result of continued growth in our industrial air monitoring instrumentation and the acquisition of Hanson Research late last year. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased 2.8%. Sales of protocol analyzers used by engineers to troubleshoot data communication systems and test interoperability continued to be healthy and product line gross margins and operating margins continued to increase. Segment operating profit and margin increased primarily due to lower facility consolidation expenses in the segment but also improved gross margins in environmental and test and measurement instrumentation. Turning to the Digital Imaging segment, second quarter sales increased 89.6% with organic growth of 17.6%. The organic increase in sales was relatively broad-based across all commercial businesses including strong growth for industrial machine vision cameras, micro electro-mechanical systems or MEMS and X-ray detectors for life sciences and industrial applications. e2v was a strong contributors adding approximately $70 million of revenue in the quarter, although this did include the benefit of some lumpy space based imaging revenue. GAAP operating margin increased 324 basis points from last year, despite approximately 250 basis points of headwind from amortization of intangibles and transaction related charge from e2v. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment second quarter sales increased 9.4% as a result of the acquisition of e2v partially offset by the divestitures of Teledyne Printed Circuit Technology in July 2016 coupled with modest organic growth. Segment operating margin increased 103 basis points from last year to 18.8%. In the Engineered Systems segment, second quarter revenue increased 22.2%. And operating margin include 297 basis points, the higher revenue and margin resulted from greater sales for marine manufacturing programs and cruise missile turbine engines. Before concluding my remarks, I want to offer some perspective on our businesses markets and outlook. Commencing approximately in the second quarter of 2016 we started to see a recovery in the majority of our commercial and government businesses. However, this was more than offset by the significant decline in sales of marine instrumentation for offshore energy applications. Today our offshore energy businesses, which represent approximately only 6% of total sales have stabilized. As mentioned earlier our commercial imaging businesses especially Teledyne DALSA performed very well, thus far in 2017 positively impacting the total Company. As a result we now believe that full-year 2017 total company organic growth will be approximately 5.5% compared to our projection of 4.5% one quarter, ago. In addition, the initial performance from e2v and the other acquisitions such as Hanson Research have exceeded our expectations. We now believe the impact from acquisitions for the total-year 2017 will be approximately 12.5%, in revenue growth compared to 12% one quarter ago. Please note that while second quarter results were very strong, sales and earnings did benefit from some favorable lumpy sales in a number of our government space and space businesses. And so our expectations for revenue and earnings growth are somewhat moderated for the remainder of the year. I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you Robert and good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our third quarter and full-year 2017 outlook. In the second quarter cash flow from operating activities was $87.0 million compared with cash flow of $83.6 million for the same period of 2016. The higher cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter of 2017 primarily reflected the cash flow from Teledyne e2v and the impact of higher operating income partially offset by higher income tax payments. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $74.7 million, in the second quarter of 2017 compared with $67.3 million in 2016. Capital expenditures were $12.3 million in the second quarter, compared to $16.3 million for the same period of 2016. Depreciation amortization expense was $33.2 million in the second quarter compared to $21.7 million for the same period of 2016. The increase in depreciation and amortization largely resulted from the acquisition of e2v. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.17 billion of net debt that is approximately $1.26 billion of debt and capital leases less cash of $81.7 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 40.4%. Our leverage ratio, was 2.8 times at the end of the second quarter compared to 3.0 times at the end of the first quarter. Stock option compensation expense was $3.7 million in the second quarter of 2017 compared with $2.9 million in the second quarter of 2016. Regarding e2v acquisition related charges the second quarter of 2017 contained $4.0 million of pretax charges with $3.7 million in our Digital Imaging segment and $0.3 million in the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment. Charges are expected to end in the third quarter, but given the magnitude of expenses primarily in the first quarter, we expect our full-year 2017 results to be impacted by a total of $27.7 million or approximately $0.55 per share. Turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share, in the third quarter of 2017 will be in the range of $1.55 to $1.60 per share, including $0.05 per share of inventory step-up amortization. And for the full-year 2017 our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $5.60 to $5.70. Adjusted full-year earnings, are expected to be in the range of $6.15 to $6.25, this compares to our prior outlook of $5.76 to $5.86. The 2017 full-year effective tax rate excluding any discrete items is expected to be 27.7%. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Brad if you are ready to proceed with the question and answers please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we can go to the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Greg Konrad: Good morning and great quarter. I just wanted to start with Digital Imaging, I know those margins have typically bounced around given, kind of the R&D center, but if I adjust that transaction expenses in the quarter you captured a 16 margin in the Digital Imaging segment. Has something structurally changed with the addition of e2v and kind of the strength in machine vision and can we expect that type of margin going forward.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Greg and thank you. I think this was an exceptional quarter for Digital Imaging. We had obviously exceptional growth and margin improvement. We also had some tailwinds from FX and that helped us a little bit. I think going forward the margin would probably moderate closer to 14% for the year. At least thats our current thinking.
Greg Konrad: Thank you, and then especially in Digital Imaging, when I just look at e2v contribution versus our estimates it was far better than we had modeled in. Can you maybe give kind of the year-over-year growth for e2v versus last year?
Kevin King: I think e2v for the full year will contribute about 12.5% to our overall revenue year-over-year. So if you take last years of 2.15, 12.5% on that would be e2v. The only thing I can say is the contribution of e2v in the second quarter was a little lumpy because we had two programs in space imaging and defense that kind of helped our sales. Those are the one time sales, I would say about $10 million. We also had a little lumpiness in some of our other businesses in Q2 and having said all of that I think e2vs contributions both in revenue and in bottom line are exceeding our expectations.
Greg Konrad: And I mean, then lastly I mean machine vision continues to grow nicely, I mean are there particular applications that are driving that growth?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, there are really three primary areas. The first is machine vision for flat panel displays. Almost, if you look at the flat panel display market, including the iPhones that people use all of those screens and television all of those are inspected by using machine vision. We are really very, very strong in that market and some of the new panels the OLED panels that those are new, those help us a lot. Second, we have a foundry business for micro electro-mechanical devices or MEMS and that business is doing exceptionally well. It's grown about $10 million to $15 million I think this year and primarily  and very difficult to make products. It was just trying to add the third independent foundry, MEMS foundry in terms of volume across the world. So those two are strong contributors and then lastly Greg as in our X-ray products we have CMOS X-ray detectives which are very sensitive and you induce a lot less radiation to get a really high quality image, that business is also done by us. So, the combination of those three things machine vision, MEMS foundry and X-ray detectors were the primary contributors.
Greg Konrad: Thank you
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: And our next question will come from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, thank you, good morning. Congrats on the quarter I was wondering if we could maybe talk a little bit more about that the booking strength it seems like it was fairly broad based. Robert I wonder if you can just provide a little color in terms of how bookings have trended in the various business units?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Thank you Jim. First I think in the environmental and test and measurement area, we are about one, maybe a little over but I would say about one, in the marine area we still just a little bit in the second quarter below one, even though for the first half we are about one, altogether. And primarily as then are the offshore energy's very small fraction of our overall business 6%. The recovery there is slow and it's kind of tough, but I think our overall instrumentation business I would say would be slightly below one in Q2 but above one throughout the first half of the year.  Digital Imaging had a great first quarter in terms of book-to-bill. In Q2 it came down to about 1.05 which is still very healthy. In our Aerospace and Defense Electronics I think the first half of the year is a little over one. Engineered Systems, we get big programs and its very lumpy, the first quarter was less than one actually it was less than 0.8% but the second quarter it jumped to 1.27%. So over all when I look across all of the Company with 1.03% in the Q2 we were at 1.16% in Q1. I hope that helps you.
Jim Ricchiuti: Yeah, that does help. And Robert with respect to this strength in Digital Imaging particularly in this industrial machine vision area, to what extent have you been benefiting also not in addition to the trends in the display market and OLED expansion. But I'm wondering just with respect to this fairly significant consumer electronics new product cycle, was that a meaningful driver in Q2 and do you anticipate that being a driver in Q3 and then potentially falling off a bit as we go through this product cycle.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, I think you've hit it on the head. I think were enjoying some of the benefits of that, both in our MEMS foundries as well as in our machine vision. I think those things are cyclical and right now we have really good markets there. Some of the products we make [indiscernible] and sound systems in your iPhones. Those are I mean very stable and increasing, on the other hand where we really benefit in our markets is some of the very highly special products that we make for example, we make MEMS products for DNA testing. That is just being now growing very, very rapidly and we also have some new products in machine vision that for example looking at batteries inside your phone. There have been some issues there. So I think you're right that overall of the consumer electronics growth has helped us. How long that lasts, I don't know, but we'll take what we can get.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay, last question for me and I'll jump back in the queue, e2v clearly off to a really nice start looks like a great fit for you guys. I'm wondering what your pipeline looks like from an acquisition standpoint?
Robert Mehrabian: Interesting that you said that. We just had a board meeting, where we had everything displayed on our Digital Imaging segment and discussed all the potentialities and one of the first questions that came towards Jason and me was okay and now what are you going to build next. Were looking at our pipeline and there's a small acquisitions, we do have a number of Imaging, now we just bought SSI which is a really nice company for us. We're looking at that  but the big larger acquisitions Jim have become very, very pricey. So we have to have patience, we looked at e2v for over ten years. We looked at DALSA for ten years. We looked at LeCroy for almost ten years. I'm not saying its going to take us ten years to buy something else thats large but well  as soon as we see something that makes sense well buy it. And as we pay down our debt and our debt-to-EBITDA as Sue mentioned has dropped from 3 to 2.8. And if we keep going I hope well drop much lower by the end of the year. Then we will have ability to make acquisitions, larger acquisitions.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay, thanks very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks Jim.
Operator: And your next question line will comes from George Godfrey, who joined CL King. Please go ahead.
George Godfrey: Thank you congratulations on the nice quarter.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks George.
George Godfrey: My first question is if I look at the guidance for this quarter that was provided the first week in May GAAP EPS midpoint was a $1.23 but it came in at $1.66. My first question is I just  Robert I wonder if you could highlight the one or two areas that really exceeded your expectations to have such a nice beat there on the earnings line. And it doesn't necessarily have to be revenue, it could be cost related, but I'm just trying to get at, what was such a significant positive surprise relative to the outlook that you provided in May?
Robert Mehrabian: I think the  we were surprised first and foremost with strength in our short cycle Digital Imaging. Ever since we got kind of burned with the energy especially offshore energy markets. We also to George took our costs down significantly all across marine but also we didn't let our costs increase and the rest of the Company, our employee labor has remained relatively flat except for the employees that we acquired from e2v. So it's cost structure was low and as we got the strength - it thinks kind of apart  we also had some as I said we had some lumpiness in our business, there was a big program at e2v that got signed and funded and that gave us I think $3 million or $4 million of revenue, that was a surprise. We had some machining products in our Engineered Systems segment that we were able to pull into to Q3, so it wasn't any one thing but if I were to put my finger on a single big mover, it was the market for Digital Imaging both at DALSA and at e2v.
George Godfrey: Got it. And then the second question is, I believe you said the organic growth this quarter for the Company as a whole it was 7% is that correct.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes.
George Godfrey: Do you happen to have the organic growth by the four main vertical segments there?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I'll give them to you right now. In Instrumentation, overall instrumentation it was 3.9%. In Digital Imaging it was 17.6%. In Aerospace and Defense Electronics just a little north of zero. It was less than 1%. And in Engineered Systems it was 22.3% and with the total being over 7% closer to 7.4%.
George Godfrey: Got it. Thank you very much Robert. Thank you for taking my questions.
Robert Mehrabian: You bet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Robert Mehrabian: Brad, if there are no other questions online then I want to thank you very much. And Id like to ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert and again thanks everyone for joining us this morning. If you do have follow up questions please call me at the number thats put on the earnings release. Operator if you could conclude the call, and give the reply information wed appreciate it. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Certainly, thank you. And ladies and gentleman this conference is available for replay after 10 o'clock this morning and running through Sunday, September 3 at midnight. You can access the executive playback service by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 425406. International parties may dial 1-320-365-3844 again the access code is 425406. Those number again 1-800-475-6701 or 1-320-365-3844 with the access code 425406. That does conclude the conference today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees  Senior Vice President Strategy and Mergers and Acquisitions Robert Mehrabian  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Sue Main  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Greg Konrad  Jefferies Jim Ricchiuti  Needham and Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Teledyne Technologies First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a questions-and-answer session instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason VanWees: Hi, everyone, and good morning. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President Strategy and Mergers and Acquisitions at Teledyne. And Id like to welcome everyone to Teledynes first quarter 2017 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market open. Joining me today are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Chief Operating Officer, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, well ask for your questions. However, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats made in our SEC filings and in the earnings release itself, and of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Heres Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Let me begin with a very short review of our history. My predecessor, Henry Singleton, founded Teledyne July of 1960. Weve been in operation as an independent company for 57 years, with the exception of a failed marriage between mid-1996 and late-1999. Ive had the privilege of serving as the CEO of the company since our divorce in late 1999 or spinoff in the accepted Wall Street jargon, and this is my 70th earnings conference call. As I noted in my annual letter to stockholders, compared to any time in the past 17 years and the most excited about our current business portfolio and the overall outlook of our markets. Now getting back to the current business, Teledyne begin 2017 with a great quarter. We achieved organic growth across each business segment with especially strong performance in our Digital Imaging segment. Furthermore, bookings were strong in nearly all commercial businesses as well as our government imaging business resulting in a quarterly book-to-bill 1.16. Adjusted operating margin, which excludes e2v acquisition related charges increased over 100 basis points and was a record for any first quarter. Furthermore, given the strong sales and marketing performance, adjusted earnings were $1.26 compared to our prior outlook of $1.15 to $1.17 which also excluded e2v acquisition related cost. The adjusted earnings of $1.26 or 13.5% increase over the solid $1.11 of Q1 of last year. Before discussing our business segments, I want to make some comments about the presentation of our results in light of the recent e2v acquisition. For the last 17 years and throughout our prior 56 acquisitions, we have consistently presented GAAP margins and earnings per share. However, this quarter in order to eliminate any confusion regarding our underlying business performance, we are presented our results with and without e2v acquisition related charges. We felt this was necessary first because our prior earnings outlooks excluded e2v. And second, the magnitude of our largest transactions to date and its related one-time expenses overwhelm our core business performance. I believe its also worth noting that even this time. Weve only adjusted the results and outlook for specific short-term non-recurring transaction costs, which we expect to end  before the end of 2017. Significant ongoing expenses such as amortization of intangible assets have always been and we remain within our reported GAAP results. For reference, in full year 2017, amortization alone will represent nearly $40 million or about $0.80 per share of expense. Regarding Teledyne e2v, we were delighted to close that acquisition on March 28 of the first quarter. Were proud to continue the company 70-year legacy of innovation in specialized high technology product. The integration is proceeding rapidly and smoothly and our e2v colleagues made presentations to our Board of Directors and participated in our three day quarterly operations reviews last week. Going forward, given the complementary products in which machine vision, space imaging, medical imaging and semiconductor markets, the majority of e2vs operations will be reported within our Digital Imaging segment. On an annual basis, such Teledyne e2v businesses represent approximately $250 million of sales. The balance of Teledyne e2vs businesses comprised of defense-related microwave and semiconductor devices and representing approximately $60 million of annual sales will be reported within our Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment. Finally, a small but very important high technology business most at Teledyne known as Teledyne SP devices will be combined with Teledyne LeCroy reported within our Instrumentation segment. Now turning back to the first quarter results. In our Instrumentation segment, first quarter sales increased 4.1% from last years. Sales of marine instrumentation decreased 2.9% due to lower sales of interconnect systems or offshore energy production, largely offset by increased sales of defense-related and land-based interconnect systems. Marine Instrumentation orders, however, increased over 20% from last year and were at the highest level in two years. With the demand balance across subsea vehicles, mine countermeasures and other solar systems and land-based cables interconnect and corrosion sensors. In the environmental domain, sales increased 9.8% and operating margin and operating profit also increased. Largely as a result of continued growth in pollution and particulate monitoring instrumentation and the recent acquisition of Hanson Research and strong margin performance across the majority of product lines. Sales of electronic, test and measurement systems increased 13.6% overall, with organic growth of 4%. Sales of protocol analyzers used by engineers to troubleshoot data communication systems and test interoperability of devices continue to be very healthy. Segment operating profit and operating margin decreased, but this was solely due to lower sales margins and product mix within our marine instrumentations. Margins for our environmental and electronic test and instrumentation product lines improved 157 basis points and 132 basis points respectively from last year. Turning to Digital Imaging, first quarter sales increased 26.6%, with organic growth of 14.9%. The organic increase in sales was relatively broad-based, including strong growth for industrial machine vision cameras, micro electro-mechanical systems or MEMS, and laser-based mapping systems. In addition to strong sales, orders were excellent with a book-to-bill of 1.58. This statistics exclude the $7.2 million of revenue from Teledyne e2v at the end of the quarter and over $200 million of assumed backlog from the acquisition. GAAP operating margin increased 432 basis points from last year and excluding $2.5 million of e2v acquisition-related costs in this segment, operating margin increased 652 basis points. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, first quarter sales declined slightly as a result of divestiture of Teledyne Printed Circuit Technology in July 2016. Excluding the divestiture, organic sales grew 3.1%, primarily as a result of increased sales of commercial avionics. Segment operating margin increased 146 basis points from last year to 17.2%. In the Engineering Systems segment, first quarter revenue increased 5.1% and operating margin improved 72 basis points. The higher revenue resulted from increased sales of cruise missile engines, commercial hydrogen generators and missile defense engineering services. In conclusion, Im very pleased with our great start in 2017. First, our businesses performed exceptionally well. Second, we closed what I believe to be one of Teledynes best acquisitions. While Teledyne e2v is our largest acquisition to-date, it is a company made up of a combination of strong businesses, all of which are large bolt-ons to existing businesses inside Teledyne. As I mentioned earlier, the integration is going very well, and were very impressed with the quality of e2v management, employees and technologies. Just as an example, while Teledyne e2v represents approximately 13% of Teledynes pro forma combined revenue, e2vs patent represent approximately 40% of our combined portfolio of over 2,000 issued active patents. Finally, were committed to maintaining strong cash flow and a healthy balance sheet. Given the e2v transaction, our debt-to-EBITDA leverage ratio increased to 3.0 in the first quarter compared to 1.7 at year-end 2016. However, our aggregate cost of debt decreased by approximately 100 basis points given the very favorable terms of the e2v acquisition-related financing. I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our second quarter and full year 2017 outlook. In the first quarter, cash flow from operating activity was $53.4 million compared with cash flow of $69.1 million for the same period of 2016. While cash flow declined from last year, it was, nevertheless, the second-highest level for any Teledyne first quarter. The lower cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter of 2017, primarily reflected the impact of transaction-related expense payments for the e2v acquisition and the timing of accounts receivable collections. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $40.8 million for the first quarter of 2017 compared with $54.9 in 2016. Capital expenditures were $12.6 million in the first quarter compared to $14.2 million for the same period of 2016. Depreciation and amortization expense was $22.8 million in the first quarter compared to $21.1 million for the same period of 2016. We ended the quarter with approximately $1.24 billion of net debt, that is approximately $1.31 billion debt and capital leases less cash of $69.7 million or a net debt to capital ratio of 43.7%. Stock option compensation expense was $4.1 million in the first quarter of 2017 compared to $3.4 million in the first quarter of 2016. As noted in the earnings release, the first quarter of 2017 contained $21.2 million of pre-tax charges related to the e2v acquisition. Included in cost of sales for our Digital Imaging segment was $1.4 million related to inventory step-up amortization. Included in SG&A expense was $11.5 million comprised of stamp duty, a 50 basis points UK transaction tax and financial advisory legal accounting and other fees. Of this $10.4 million was included in corporate expense and $1.1 million was included in the Digital Imaging segment. Included in other expense was $6.0 million for foreign currency option contract to hedge the purchase price. Finally, a commitment fee expense of $2.3 million related to UK specific certain funds bridge financing facility was included in interest expense. While the majority of costs were expensed in the first quarter, we expect an additional cost of approximately $7.5 million or $0.14 to $0.15 per share in the remainder of 2017. Most of these will relate to inventory step-up amortization and restructuring cost and will be included in the Digital Imaging segment and to a lesser degree in the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segments. Turning to our outlook, management currently believe that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2017 will be in the range of $1.20 to $1.25 per share. Adjusted earnings per share, which excluded transaction related costs are expected to be in the range of $1.27 to $1.32. And for the full year 2017, our GAAP earnings per share outlook is $5.20 to $5.30. Adjusted full year earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $5.76 to $5.86. This compares to our prior outlook of $5.40 to $5.50, which excluded e2v. The 2017 full year effective tax rate, excluding any discrete items, is expected to be 28.3%. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Greg Konrad. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning and great quarter.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg.
Greg Konrad: I just wanted to start with e2v, I mean multiple times youve mentioned about how complementary the two portfolios are. And I was hoping you could discuss maybe some of the product development [indiscernible] the combination and how should we think about revenue synergies over time?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Greg. Let me start with professional imaging as an example. We currently make machine vision cameras, as well as sensors. And they make machine vision sensors. The difference between the sensors are that theyre stronger in CMOS sensors than we are, and most importantly, in two-dimensional area scan CMOS sensors. The area that we expect would contribute to growth is their ability to do three-dimensional imaging, which we do not have currently in our professional imaging portfolio, even though we do have it in our laser imaging portfolio that we do from above ground or underground. This is our multiple laser scans of object. Second, we have extra oral dental sensors in our professional imaging and they have intra-oral dental sensors and a very healthy IP portfolio in that area. And we think that would benefit us significantly to generate new products and revenues. In the RF power domain, we make traveling wave tubes, large ones. They make magnetrons, which are used for cancer therapy radiation. Those are similar technologies. The underlying technologies in amplifying electromagnetic waves are very similar on those two technologies. On the other hand, while we make large wave tubs, traveling wave tubes, they make small traveling wave tubes, both of these are again microwave power modules. And we would benefit from each others technologies. Just as importantly, couple to a traveling wave tube is usually you have to have a power supply. That supplies the power to the traveling wave tube, as the traveling wave tube then magnifies the electromagnetic waves. They make the part amplifies where both their solid state and small mini traveling wave tubes. We do not have that technology and wed like to develop it for our larger traveling wave tubes. Ill just make one other very quick observation. There are many similar things. Let me give one in space imaging. We are well-known and respected, the best in the world for space imaging, in the infrared domain, whether its on satellites looking up or on various scopes like large hobbled telescopes looking down and looking up. They are great, as well as our first ground-based telescopes. Theyre very good, the worlds best in the visible area. I think we can combine their product in the visible domain with our products in the infrared domain and present a unique set of capabilities to a wide range of customers, including classified programs. Those are just some of the examples. There are many others that I cant give, Greg.
Greg Konrad: Thank you. That was great. And then if we look at the guidance that you gave for the year, last quarter versus the adjusted guidance in this quarter, its up about $0.35. How much of that is attributable to e2v, excluding transaction expenses, versus the change in outlook for the rest of the business?
Robert Mehrabian: I think about $0.20 to $0.25 is from e2v. Lets just say $0.20 and $0.10 to $0.15 is from our core businesses  existing businesses.
Greg Konrad: Thank you. And then, just
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, go ahead, please.
Greg Konrad: Sorry. Just last one for me. I mean the book-to-bill in the quarter of 1.15, I think last quarter, youre talking about organic growth of maybe 2% to 3%. Have you seen an acceleration in that organic growth, especially, when I look at Digital Imaging did in the quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think an organic growth in the first quarter was about 4%  over 4%. I expect that during the year, itd be about 5%, better than the 2% to 3% that we indicated.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. And next well go to Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, good morning. Congratulations on closing the transaction. Wanted to follow up on just the growth acceleration that youre seeing in a couple of parts of the business. In particular, starting with the Digital Imaging, I think that you alluded to 15% organic growth. You cited a couple of areas. I mean, how evenly was that? It seems like the machine vision business is going very well, but I wondered if you could just give us a little bit of color on that? And is e2v seeing this same kind of momentum in this area of their business?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Let me start with our business first, Jim. There are two areas that are contributing to our strong growth in the imaging businesses. First, is flat panel displays. And there, were enjoying really strong orders, especially with OLED displays that are the new flexible displays. Plants are being built and almost all of them use our cameras, lines cameras for those displays to look at the quality. Second, we have  as you may recall, we have a MEMS foundry in Beaumont, and that foundry is one of the three largest independent MEMS foundries in the world. Were enjoying an exceptional year there. Were almost 100% booked in that foundry and thats another growth area. I think e2v also is enjoying similar growth, specifically in barcode reading use, again that uses their cameras, as well as the 3D sensors, which I mentioned, which are very unique. We are also seeing demand growing for our CMOS x-ray detectors at the core Teledyne businesses. So those are some examples.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay, thats helpful, Robert. In the e2v 3D sensors, are the applications there for  weve been hearing more and more of about 3D machine vision. Are the end markets again skewed more toward consumer electronics devices, industrial applications or inspection of in production lines that are producing consumer electronics? Or are there some other applications for their 3D sensors that go into 3D machine vision?
Robert Mehrabian: I would say in both areas. First, 3D sensors are used obviously in consumer electronics, but also they are used in machine vision applications because you get a more precise reading of three dimensional sizes and quality of objects that you are observing. They are also used in, and I think we will probably start participating in, in addition to machine vision, in automotive collision and avoidance. And this gives us a whole debt capability in 3D added to what we have in our own laser-based systems. This gives us a whole new set of capabilities to go in new markets.
Jim Ricchiuti: Is there any unusual seasonality that we need to be mindful of with respect to the e2v business as we go through the year?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, historically, what theyve done is theyve had  year was ended in March. And historically, what it had is a bigger quarters at the end of the year. Were trying to obviously, flatten that out like we trying to do with our own businesses. But historically, they started slow in their first quarter, which is this would be their first quarter and, of course, this is our second quarter. But then they picked up. But I think that I would view that, Jim, as transition year. This should flatten out in future years.
Jim Ricchiuti: And last question for me, if we think about blended gross margins for Teledyne now. I mean, it seems to be that you are given the mix, and you seem to be overlaying some higher-margin businesses. Is there a way to think, in broad terms, about your gross margins over the next one to two years?
Robert Mehrabian: I think our gross margins would go up from, lets say 37.5% to 40%. But the bottom line margins are different. The business is we buying have better in some areas, not into all areas, in some areas have better operating margins than we do. But overall, because were going to be adding about $0.20 to $0.24 of intangibles, what happens is that if you do on EBITDA analysis that is take the amortization out, our overall margins would increase. But because the amortization is hitting us pretty hard, the overall bottom line margin of the company will go down somewhat, maybe 10, 20, 30 basis points. But thats all right, because in the end, what youre looking for is how much profit you make and what happens to your EPS. So in that way, we should be fine.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. That doesnt seem to be any other questions are there?
Operator: There are no further questions. Please go ahead.
Robert Mehrabian: Great. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, Robert, and again thank you everyone for joining us this morning. If you do have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me. My number is on the earnings release. And again, all the earnings releases are available on our website as well as the webcast replay. Operator, if you could conclude the conference call and provide the replay details, that would the ideal. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Certainly. And ladies and gentleman, this conference will be available for replay after 10:00 today through June 4, 2017. You may access the AT&T Executive replay system at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701, and entering the access code 420531. International participants dial number is, 320-365-3844. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, access code 420531. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&Ts Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - SVP, Strategy & M&A Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President & CEO Al Pichelli - COO Sue Main - SVP & CFO Melanie Cibik - SVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer & Secretary
Analysts: Greg Konrad - Jefferies Jim Ricchiuti - Needham and Company George Godfrey - CLK Ben Klieve - Noble Capital Markets
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne Technologies Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, your telephone lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity for questions-and-answers with instructions given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to your host, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And I would like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; COO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we'll ask for your questions. However, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here's Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning everyone. We ended 2016 with our best quarter of the year. The majority of our commercial businesses that is imaging for Machine Vision and life sciences, environmental and electronic test and measurement instrumentation, and commercial aerospace avionics all increased organically from last year. Sales of marine instrumentation declined as expected, but comparisons are also expected to ease significantly in 2017. Orders across our government businesses continued to be strong and continue to year-end overall backlog which was approximately $120 million greater than last years. GAAP earnings per share from continued operations were $1.49, excluding $0.16 of charges related to the pending acquisition of e2v, earnings were $1.65. I should note that our fourth quarter earnings outlook of $1.32 to $1.37 issued on November 3, 2016, did not include charges related to the e2v transaction which was announced on December 12, 2016. Finally, full-year cash from operations and free cash flow were all time record each increasing over 50% from last year. Before I commenting on our business segment, I want to emphasize that sales and comparisons reflect the fact that the fourth quarter and full-year 2016 contained 13 and 52 weeks respectively versus 14 and 53 weeks last year. So we had one less week this year in both the fourth quarter and the full-year to ship products. In the instrumentation segment, fourth quarter sales decreased 15.7% from last years. Sales of marine instrumentation decreased 33.2% due to lower sales of interconnect systems and other marine sensors for energy exploration and production. Throughout the last two years sales at marine instrumentation to defense markets have helped mitigate the decline due to energy. The long-term outlook for our products for U.S. submarine programs as well as our autonomous underwater vehicles remain very attractive. In the environmental domain, sales increased 5.7% and operating margin and operating profit also increased largely as a result of continued growth in our pollution and particulate monitoring instrumentation. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased 14.5% overall. Sales of protocol analyzers used by engineers to troubleshoot data communication system and test interoperability continued to be very healthy. While GAAP segment operating profit declined, and operating margin decreased, this was solely due to lower sales and margins within the marine instrumentation. Margins for both our environmental and electronic test and measurement instrumentation product lines were at record levels. Turning to digital imaging segment, fourth quarter sales increased 8.6% and operating margin increased 253 basis points. The increase in sales primarily reflected greater sales of machine vision; cameras for industrial and semiconductor application, X-ray detectors for life sciences, microelectromechanical systems or MEMS and geospatial software and laser based mapping systems. Sales of infrared sensors and government funded research decreased slightly year-over-year but orders were very strong with our government based backlog increasing over 45% in this segment. In the aerospace and defense electronics segment, fourth quarter sales increased 2.2% organically from last year primarily as a result of increased sales of commercial avionics. Segment operating margin increased 410 basis points from last year to 19.2%. In the engineered systems segment, fourth quarter revenue decreased 15.6% and operating margin improved 389 basis points. The lower revenue resulted from a difficult comparison and the timing of deliveries from certain marine manufacturing programs which were partially offset by increased sales of cruise missile engines. In conclusion, I am most excited compared to anytime in our history about our current business portfolio and the overall outlook for our end markets. Over the last few years, with endured cuts to the defense spending, followed by severe decline in offshore energy markets, nevertheless, we have responded aggressively by reducing our costs, and in 2016, we achieved record operating margin in the third quarter, we generated record full-year cash flow, and we were largely able to maintain GAAP earnings even including e2v acquisition-related charges. We are a much leaner company today for the first time in years. There is no obvious storm on the horizon for Teledyne or our largest end market. In addition, I'm personally also very excited about the pending acquisition of e2v. From industrial machine vision to space-based imaging, microwave devices spanning radar to radiography -- radiotherapy and specialty semiconductors to microelectromechanical system, our combined market capabilities, and engineering centric cultures are truly a great hit. Our smaller acquisitions in 2016 were also significant. We enhanced our software capabilities and our participation in life sciences markets. We also added key product lines to some of our best performing businesses. Finally we divested a lower margin bill to print business; we inherited in our spinoff 17 years ago. Looking forward, and excluding e2v, we currently expect modest overall revenue growth in 2017. We believe most of our commercial businesses will grow, sales of marine instrumentation comparison will be relatively stable, and our government businesses will see a recovery as we deliver on our improved backlog. I will now turn the call over to Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our first quarter and full-year 2017 outlook. In the fourth quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $63.9 million compared with cash flow of $61.1 million for the same period of 2015. The higher cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter of 2016 primarily reflected lower income tax payments, partially offset by higher working capital. Including a facility purchase with the use of restricted cash pursuant to a 1031 like-kind exchange, free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $40.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared with $45.7 million in 2015. Capital expenditures excluding the facility purchase was $16.7 million in the fourth quarter compared to $15.4 million for the same period of 2015. Depreciation and amortization expense was $22.1 million in the fourth quarter compared to $22.2 million for the same period of 2015. We ended the quarter with $519.2 million of net debt that is $617.8 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $98.6 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 25.0%. Regarding taxes, while the fourth quarter of 2016 contained discrete tax benefits of $9.4 million or $0.26 per share, the fourth quarter of 2015 also contained discrete tax benefits as well as the retroactive adoption of full-year 2015 R&D tax credits which collectively contributed $7.2 million or $0.20 per share last year. Turning to pension and stock compensation expense, in the fourth quarter of 2016, pension income was $0.6 million compared with pension expense of $1.1 million and for reference our pension which is primarily for legacy retirees remains fully funded. Stock option compensation expense was $2.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared with $2.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. Finally turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2017 will be in the range of $1.15 to $1.17 per share and for the full-year 2017 our earnings per share outlook is $5.40 to $5.50. The 2017 full-year effective tax rate excluding any discrete items is expected to be 28.0%. Please note that our current outlook excludes e2v and corresponding transactional related expenses. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Alan, if you're ready to proceed with the questions-and-answers, please go ahead.
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions]. We will go first to the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning. You had in digital imaging you had mentioned that backlog was up and you expected better volumes for DOD going into 2017. Can you maybe discuss what drove that backlog increase and maybe the cadence of some of that backlog turning to revenues?
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg. Thank you. There are really two areas. The first one is as you may recall we make laser spectacles for laser eye protection and we have a fairly large program with the Air Force on that which we announced last year. The second one, the second area which is of great interest to us is in the national space or what we refer to as classified programs. Historically we have not participated very strongly in that domain and we have made some really very good strides in introducing new infrared sensors and detectors in that -- in those businesses. So those two are the primary drivers. We also have of course significant other programs but in terms of new increases, those would be the ones.
Greg Konrad: Thank you. And then just in oil and gas, the comps obviously are better in 2017, what are you seeing in terms of order activity and is it too early to call the bottom and may be modest growth or flat going from here?
Robert Mehrabian: I think right now if you listen to everyone, people think that at least in the oil and gas domain, we probably have been or close to have or have hit bottom. And for example, the number of subsidiaries that are used in exploration and production especially production, they were at the lowest level in 2016 and are expected to grow somewhat in 2017. Our overall book-to-bill in the marine business was about 0.96 for the year. So we still think there might be a little difficulty in the comps but nothing like we experienced this past year because -- partially because what has happened to our marine businesses is oil and gas back in 2014 used to be 60% of those businesses and science, construction, defense, security, and other businesses that we have underwater were 40%. With the serious declines that we've seen in the last two years that has flipped over, so oil and gas is more like 40% and the remainder of our marine businesses are 60%. And as I mentioned in my earlier comments, our defense businesses in the marine domain are improving and we have really long-term contract. So I think the comparisons are going to be easier obviously. We might see a little downside but everybody is predicting a pickup in late 2017.
Greg Konrad: Thank you. And then just quick housekeeping sorry if I missed this but what is your assumption for pension income in 2017 versus 2016? And then also do you have any restructuring included in the 2017 numbers?
Robert Mehrabian: I think in the pension we anticipate that discount rate will go down but we know it's going to go down so much. So overall I would say the 30 or 40 basis points will drive our pension income down by about a nickel. On the second part of the question I don't -- we don't have any restructuring charges. Greg, as you know in our history, we've always have been a GAAP company, GAAP, everything has been GAAP; we've always kind of swallowed our one-time charges, restructuring charges, and also acquisition charges. The only thing I anticipate in 2017 is significant from our perspective, significant charges related to acquisition of e2v and that could be significant for us, it could be as much as $30 million which we probably cannot totally absorb as we have with our previous [indiscernible] acquisitions.
Operator: We'll go next to line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Hi, good morning. Couple of questions Robert I'd be interested in your perspective on e2v acquisition, what is it that really excites you about the business and given that there is a similar portfolio of businesses of e2v, how should we think about the speed with which this business can be integrated?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start by saying that while the businesses are similar they're very complimentary. For example, Jim, in the sensor domain our focus historically has been and our strength have been in infrared sensors. For example we practically or the major player in infrared sensors, both sensors, both for space imaging as well as drawn based astronomy. e2v is exactly the mirror image of us expect they are in the visible imaging domain, actually the seven or eight programs that currently aware of that we acted in, we provide the infrared images, sensors, detectors, and they provide the visible detectors. The same is true in a number of other businesses including machine vision. We're strong in certain areas of machine vision especially in CCDs and some CMOS but they're much stronger in complementary metal oxide semiconductors, and more importantly, they are very strong in two dimensional imaging which is larger market for machine vision. And then, finally in the medical arena, our strength are in detectors. We need to reduce CMOS detectors that are the most sensitive detectors that reduce the amount of X-ray exposure to the patient and are much more sensitive in terms of the quality of the pictures that you get. They on the other hand are the leading providers of magnetrons which are essentially electronic accelerators or microwave accelerators by traveling wave tubes, except they impinge on a constant substrate and produce x-rays that are used for cancer treatment. So in that area we have probably a lot of common customers. When you do radiography, you also want to do complementary imaging to make sure that you are not damaging surrounding pieces. So those are some observations about the complementary nature of our businesses. In terms of integration, I feel very comfortable about that for the following reasons. First, they're a public company so they have a very well documented financial and other processes. And second, we have already acquired two fairly large companies LeCroy and Dalsa in the last five years and we've been able to integrate those very successfully relatively quickly and the margins in both of those large acquisitions have more than doubled in the interim period. So I think we would integrate this acquisition assuming we're successful, we have some more hurdles to pass in terms of regulatory hurdles. I think we will integrate this successfully in 2017.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thanks. That's helpful. And just with respect to the existing business, Robert, can you give us a perhaps feel for how we might think about the growth across the four business units. I think you've given us some color as to how we should think about marine instrumentation but digital imaging and showed decent growth in Q4 I'm not sure what was organic in that and you also saw good growth in the electronic test and measurement business but again I don't know how much of that was organic. Can you give us feel as to how we might think about growth broadly in across some of the business units?
Robert Mehrabian: Of course, let me actually just go down the list for you, if I may organically overall in the instrument businesses which would include environmental test and measurement and marine, I would say in 2017 organically the growth would be about 3%. In digital imaging, it should be higher perhaps as much as 4% to 5%. In aerospace and defense, it could be closer to instruments 3% to 3.5% and we have a really good backlog in our engineered systems and I expect that in there -- in that domain our upside can be closer to five. When you roll all of that, I think the overall organically, we should have 3% to 4%. We do have some acquisitions from 2016 that we should enjoy a little the full-year benefits of those, those may add another percent. So when you do the math, Jim, I think we're talking about 4% to 5% all in, that's excluding e2v.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay and that's really helpful. So the optimism that you have entering 2017 has really based it sounds like on both what you are seeing in both the commercial and government business, I think that's kind of what you've been saying as well. So it sounds like on the commercial side perhaps a little bit more positive but you are seeing I guess fairly good order intake in the engineered systems business.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, we do. We have a good backlog there. We have stronger expect, strong we know exactly how many missile engines we're going to be making in 2017, it's going to be one of our better years in recent history. We have good backlog in our shallow water and underwater vehicles for our special operations and we feel good and this is as good as we've felt about our overall business portfolio in a very, very long time.
Operator: We will go now to the line of George Godfrey with CLK. Go ahead please.
George Godfrey: Thank you. I just want to follow-up on the organic growth and thank you Robert for the commentary outlook on how it looks for 2017. Can you just run through over the full-year 2016 organic growth figures by those four product lines?
Robert Mehrabian: I think mainly in 2016, if I had to -- let me start with marine because that was obviously the big negative for us right. We were down almost 32% from 2015 to 2016 for a hefty $196 million. If you look at our overall decline year-over-year in revenue, it was actually less than that. So marine declined significantly everything else together actually grew a little bit maybe $20 million, $25 million. Our environmental businesses were relatively flat; we had ups and downs as I'd say overall it was a wash. Our test and measurement was up about 2%, 2.5%, digital imaging I'm talking organic only. Digital imaging was up about 2.5%. If you throw in our acquisitions and it was higher than that. Our engineered systems was down about 5%, 5%, 6% but I'm not concerned about that only as I mentioned because we had really strong -- we've had really strong orders, it's just I know everybody talked about timing but in this case I can assure you it was timing. So aerospace and defense electronics was a really strong performer, it was up about 5%, with our avionics business up about almost 18% which this is the business that provides data acquisition on commercial aircraft and that's been a very strong performer, almost made up for the decline that we had in terms of earnings in our marine businesses. I hope that's helpful.
George Godfrey: Yes that's great, Robert. Thank you very much for that detail. And then the last question, just looking at the free cash flow conversion this year based on net income was 131%, 83% last year. So what do you target for free cash flow conversion in 2017 as it relates to net income?
Sue Main: About even, about same as this year little -- about little less from a percentage point of view.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will go next to line of Ben Klieve with Noble Capital Markets. Go ahead.
Ben Klieve: All right, thanks for taking my questions. Just got a couple follow-up questions. First of all regarding your commentary earlier on the energy sector, I'm curious when you think that business may shift from stabilization to growth, is that going to require, in your estimate, further increases in oil prices or do you think just for long stability in the energy market could facilitate growth as you look right into 2017 or 2018 and beyond?
Robert Mehrabian: Ben, if I'm correct, if I'm going to go to oil and gas specifically, I think what's happened is the declines have been very significant and the prognosis right now is that everything is stabilizing. With oil price prices hovering in the 50-plus-dollar range close to $53 on West Texas intermediate, what that does is it helps really the first 11 days fracking businesses which have breakeven prices of about $50 a barrel and we're seeing already recurrence go up, we do have some land based products there, so we're enjoying some of that. When you go to the ocean, then the breakeven prices there shallow water is closer to 60 bucks a barrel, deepwater which is between 1,000 to 5,000 feet is about 65-plus-dollars per barrel or actually maybe $70, $75 per barrel. It's the very deepwater interestingly, it's better; it's closer to 65% because the reservoirs are larger. And the breakeven is lower than deepwater. So having said all of that, a lot of our products going to deepwater and ultra deepwater which would be over 5,000 feet, and we think that source CapEx will probably not improve until later in 2017 or 2018. We're seeing some pick up but nothing like we had in prior years. And so I think you summed it up correctly the future we think is going to be for us in deepwater and ultra deepwater. The only other thing I will add is that we don't supply directly to the final customers like Shell or BP. We supply to intermediate customers that provide for example trees on the water, Christmas trees for oil production et cetera. And we have frame agreements now develop with those customers to be able enjoy 70% to 75% of their businesses going forward. Those frame agreements are of course are based on the fact that we have unique capabilities in products. So I think when it does come back we're going to be really good posture. I hope that answers your questions there.
Ben Klieve: Yes, very much thank you for commentary. One other quick question I know regarding the e2v acquisition given the regulatory issue that you can't really comment too much but you said that integration would hopefully occur in 2017. I'm wondering if you think its regarding the timing of that I mean are you expecting that in the near to near term or do you think that could be more second half event, can you give any kind of context regarding timing?
Robert Mehrabian: I think right now we expect to close in the first half of the year. But I'm hopeful that we would be able to do it in the first quarter. The regulatory hurdles are really they've already had the general shareholder meeting that both have be successfully achieved. We do have summit Botox cut [indiscernible] in this country. They have some German, French and U.K authorities that have to clear it. And then finally of course we have to have a court hearing in the UK. I'm very hopeful that we can -- we will be able to close this by the end of the first quarter but we certainly expect if everything goes right that we would be able to do this by in the first six months. We don't really know what the outcomes of this various questions that were getting are going to be.
Ben Klieve: Perfect. Thank you very much for the time. I'll jump back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions].
Robert Mehrabian: Alan, thank you. I think we exhausted that if it's okay then what I would like to do is turn the call over Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert, and again thanks everyone for joining us today. If you do have a follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release. All our news release are available on our website teledyne.com. I want to conclude the call to get the replay information we would appreciate it. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay beginning at 10:00 AM Pacific Standard Time today February 2, 2017, until March 2, 2017, at 11.59 PM. During that time you may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 or internationally by dialing area code (320) 365-3844 and entering the access code 415431. Those numbers again 1 (800) 475-6701 and area code (320) 365-3844 with the access code 415431 and that will conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T's Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President, CEO Jason VanWees - SVP, Strategy Sue Main - SVP, CFO
Analysts: Mark Jordan - Noble Financial Greg Konrad - Jefferies Jim Ricchiuti - Needham
Operator: Welcome to the Teledyne Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I'll turn the conference over to your host, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead, Sir.
Jason VanWees: Thank you and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President of Strategy and M&A at Teledyne and I would like to welcome everyone to our Teledyne's third quarter 2016 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian, COO, Al Pichelli, Senior Vice President and CFO Sue Main and SVP, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After presentations by Robert and Sue, we'll ask for your questions. However, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here's Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, we continued to achieve organic growth in our commercial imaging and aerospace businesses. Sales of electronic test and measurement instrumentation also increased nicely, outpacing other industry participants. I'm very pleased with our exceptional execution across Teledyne. Given aggressive cost control and growth in three of our four segments, Teledyne's overall GAAP operating margin was an all-time record. Furthermore, other than marine instrumentation which has been impacted by energy markets, margins were at or near-record levels for most business segments and the majority of product groups. We also believe that our marine instrumentation businesses collectively have bottomed. Despite financial cost cutting, our emphasis on new product development, through internally funded R&D, increased from last year in both dollar and percentage terms. and was approximately 8% of sales. Coupled with relevant externally-funded R&D, we spent approximately 11% of our revenues on new technologies and products. It's also worth noting that despite the major year-over-year decline in offshore energy markets, we expect to receive an all-time record, $25 million of customer-funded R&D in our marine businesses in 2016. Next, cash flow from continuing operations of $98.9 million was also a record for any third quarter. Year-to-date, we have generated over $200 million of cash after capital expenditures. Our current debt is at the lowest level in two years, providing ample flexibility for cash flow development -- deployment. As an example, yesterday we announced a small asset acquisition of industrial ozone analyzers which will be relocated integrated into one of our strongest performing air monitoring businesses. Turning back to the quarterly results, GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.49 were a record for any third quarter, increasing 8% from last year. I should note, while this year included $0.15 of net earnings from this discrete tax items, offset by restructuring costs, last year also included approximately $0.15 of net earnings from similar items. I will now briefly comment on our business segments, after which Sue Main will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2016. In our instrumentation segment, third quarter shares decreased 13.4% from last year. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 28.5% due to lower sales of interconnected systems and other marine sensors for energy exploration and production. This was partially offset by higher sales of interconnected marine systems for U.S. government applications. In the environmental domain, sales decreased 5.3%, but operating margin and operating profit increase. Strong cost control and a higher margin mix of pollution and particulate monitors helped offset low emissions monitoring systems for domestic coal-powered generation. Sales of electronic test and measuring systems increased 19% overall and 7% organically. Sales of protocol analyzers, used by engineers to troubleshoot data communication systems and test interoperability were especially strong in the quarter. GAAP segment operating profit declined and operating margin decreased solely due to lower sales and margins within the marine instrumentation, partially offset by increased profitability among both the environmental and the electronic test instrumentation product lines. Turning to digital imaging segment, third quarter sales increased 2.9% and operating margin increased 101 basis points. The increase in sales, primarily reflected in radar machine vision cameras for semiconductor and industrial application, microelectromechanical systems or MEM and geospatial software. In the aerospace and defense electronics segment, third quarter sales increased 4% organically, primarily as a result of increased sales of commercial avionics. Segment GAAP operating margin was a record 21.6%, increasing 415 basis points from last year. In the engineered systems segment, third quarter revenue increased 2% and operating margin improved 388 basis points. The higher revenue resulted from higher sales of commercial hydrogen generators and government energy systems, partially offset by the decline in certain government programs. In conclusion, our balanced business portfolio is very resilient and not dependent on any single product or market. Aerospace and defense businesses now represent approximately 40% of total sales. Also, a broad range of industrial markets, including factory automation, medical imaging, analytical instrumentation, satellite communication and ocean science represent over 50% of our portfolio. Today, oil and gas exploration and production represent less than 10% of our total sales and only about 40% of our total marine businesses. We have now taken the necessary steps to restructure our marine businesses for a total annual run rate of approximately $415 million. Despite an annual revenue decline of approximately 35% in 2014, our marine businesses remain profitable and achieved a double-digit GAAP operating margin in the third quarter. Before turning the call over to Sue Main, I want to make a few general comments regarding the fourth quarter of 2016 and the year of 2017. Please recall that fourth quarter 2015 was a 14-week quarter as part of a 53-week year. So we would have just one more quarter of difficult year-over-year comparisons before heading into 2017. At the moment, our full planning process for 2017 is not complete and we plan to issue our formal outlook in January as we have done in the past. Nevertheless, we're expecting modest overall revenue growth in 2017 and we believe most of our commercial businesses will grow. Marine instrumentation comparisons will ease significantly and our government businesses will continue to see a recovery. Finally, our acquisition pipeline remains very healthy. but as always, we'll be disciplined in employment and weigh acquisitions versus share appropriately. Now I'm turning the call over to Sue. Go ahead, Sue.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2016 outlook. In the third quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $98.9 million, compared with cash flow of $72.3 million for the same period of 2015. The higher cash by operating activities in the third quarter 2016 primarily reflected higher customer advance payments and lower income tax payments. Free cash flow -- that is, cash from operating activities, less capital expenditures -- was $84.5 million in the third quarter of 2016, compared to $62.1 million in 2015. Capital expenditures were $14.4 million in the third quarter, compared to $10.2 million for the same period of 2015. Depreciation and amortization expense was $22.4 million in the third quarter, compared to $21.8 million for the same period of 2015. I should note that our quarter-end balance excluded $19.5 million in restricted cash which resulted from the sale of vacant real estate from the second quarter. Early in the fourth quarter, we utilized this restricted cash to purchase a Teledyne-occupied facility that we were leasing, utilizing a section 1031 like-kind exchange. Full year capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $60 million excluding the recent facility purchase with restricted cash. In the third quarter, Teledyne also completed the sale of the assets of Teledyne's printed circuit technology business for $9.3 million in cash. We ended the quarter with $513.5 million of net debt -- that is $613 million of debt in capital leases, less cash of $99.5 million for net debt to capital ratio of 24.9%. Turning to pension and stock compensation expense. In the third quarter of 2016, pension income was $0.5 million compared with pension expense of $1 million. For reference, our pension which is primarily for legacy retirees, remains fully funded. Stock option compensation expense was $2.5 million in the third quarter of 2016, compared with $2.6 million in the third quarter of 2015. Finally, turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings-per-share for continued operations in the fourth forty of 2016 will be in the range of $1.32 to $1.37 per share. And we're increasing our full year 2016 earnings-per-share outlook to $5.26 to $5.31 from our prior outlook of $5.10 to $5.20. The 2016 full year effective tax rate, excluding any discrete items, is expected to be 27.6%. As Robert indicated, we will issue our 2017 earnings outlook in January. However, it is worth noting now that there will likely be headwind from noncash pension expense given current bond yields as well as less discrete tax benefits than in 2015. Currently, each of these could contribute $0.10 per share of head wind. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. Cathy would now like to take questions. If you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question will come from Mark Jordan with Noble Financial. Go ahead, please.
Mark Jordan: A question first on capital spending. In your press release you stated that you're clearly seeing weaker spending outlook. Is there a specific catalyst which you're seeing in that area? And how would you characterize the normal seasonal uptick in cap spending that benefits the fourth quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, there are different, obviously different markets that we participate in, Mark. The marine market is obvious one and I don't need to dwell on that one, except to note that some of our customers are indicating condition of weak capital spending even 2017. And for that, as I've indicated, we have done all of cost adjustments that we need to do. And I think in Q4, because of that, because of the headwind that we have there, plus the fact that frankly, Mark, other than in the commercial aerospace business and some of our government programs, we don't see a very strong economic incentive. The GDP is still or was, very low. We think sequentially in Q4, to be more specific, we should be relatively flat with Q2. We see a little uptick in the immediate future. Now 2017 may change that.
Mark Jordan: You're obviously seeing very strong margin improvement in the aerospace and defense sector. The third quarter was operating margin of 21.6%. That compares to a mid to low teens quarterly margin last year. Moving forward, do you see that as sustainable? Where do you see that potentially going over the next two to four quarters?
Robert Mehrabian: I think, Mark, we have an exception of third quarter primarily because of our avionics businesses and that was driven by customers, specifically in China, that had indicated and have implemented a process for deploying all of their commercial aircraft using our wireless ground link. We think going forward that will moderate somewhat once we get through this bump. And I think we'll see margins in the aerospace and defense sector in the upper teens -- maybe not over 20%, but certainly in the upper teens.
Mark Jordan: Okay. Final question for me, you stated I think on the call that you had $25 million of customer R&D in 2016, in the marine area. Could you flush that out a little bit in terms of what you were doing and how long will those activities continue?
Robert Mehrabian: We started really getting customer funded R&D going back about five years and it has gradually increased every year. Collectively to date, we probably received over $60 million in customer-funded R&D. The primary drivers for that are first, very high-powered connectors for downhole and for those purposes, we're using ceramic connectors which were developed in our scientific laboratories here at corporate. Second, there is a desire for looking at longevity of products that are put on the ocean floor. As you know, we have had a long history of building robust, durable and reliable structure materials for space, where you can -- you don't have the luxury of bringing products back just to repair.  The same applies to underwater, especially deep water. They want -- our customers want to have products have a minimum life of 25 years or more, so our research lab here is taking lessons learned and technologies developed for space and applying those same principles for materials testing, accelerated testing and other properties in the underwater products.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. Go ahead, please.
Jim Ricchiuti: The question I had -- Robert, thanks for providing a little bit of color too, as we think about 2017. I wonder if you could talk though, a little bit about your confidence level that you could see modest growth coming back to the business in 2017. Is that mostly just a function of the easier comparison to the instrumentation business? Are you seeing some things in your bookings numbers across the segments that gives you that confidence?
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Jim and yes, both of those are accurate. First, the comparisons are going to become easier. We took about -- I'm going to say approximately 100 -- we expected it to be $170 million to $190 million decrease in our marine instrumentation business year-over-year. Now, we made some of that up, maybe $60 million or $70 million of that up in other businesses. But nevertheless, next year's comparisons are going to be a little bit more favorable than were this year's. Second, the book-to-bill that we're looking at the present time, while not really that robust in the marine business, is just below 1. In the remainder of our portfolio, we're seeing book-to-bill ratios if 1.01, 1.05, 1.10 and we have loan programs that are maturing that we expect to have more revenue from. So that's why I think we should be relatively comparably do better next year than we did this year, compared to last year.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. The other, I think, thing that jumps out, as you look at the year the way it has unfolded, is you have really shown pretty solid improvement in gross margins and as we think about next year, is there any reason why we won't see this kind of margin profile continue? Or do you see some changes, perhaps in the mix?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think what will happen is, our margin will probably moderate a little bit in Q4, it won't be as high as Q3. But having said that, it will be going forward, it should be in the 39%, 39% and a tad bit over range going forward. That's primarily because we've taken huge amount of costs out in our businesses. As example, last year in 2015, when the marine businesses start going south, we took out about 465 of our people. This year, another 460 have gone, so a total of 65, 55, 460 that's over 1100. And that's more than 11.5% of our workforce. Very unfortunate to have to do that because we don't have the business. We also consolidated a lot of our facilities and have taken a lot of fixed costs out. And I expect to maintain that going forward. And if we're very disciplined which we will remain disciplined, I think that kind of cost control will help our overall margins as we move forward. So those are kind of the various aspects that give you some confidence for the future.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll go next to Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Go ahead, please.
Greg Konrad: I guess at this point you're probably used to operating under a CR to start the new the fiscal year, but I was wondering if you could talk about any trends that you're seeing in defense and any visibility as we head to 2017.
Robert Mehrabian: I think overall, as you know, under a CR, you can't get new programs started. Putting that aside, we have a healthy set of existing programs. And I'll give out a few of them that I expect to continue and be favorable for us. And frankly, it has been okay. It has been a good year for our defense businesses. First, even in the marine domain, 60% of our marine businesses are ocean science and a big chunk of it is defense. The Virginia submarine production continues and we supply penetrators and cables to those and that's a substantial program for us. I don't expect that to change. In the shallow water combat vehicle which we're building for special ops, we have now our engineering model that has been tested with our special ops for over six months and doing very well. We should go into [indiscernible] with our first two boats and then hopefully we'll get a production order for the next two in 2017. Similarly, in other defense businesses, if you go underwater, we make ROVs for the Navy to dispose of underwater explosives. And we just received two sequential contracts of $6 million each to produce a total of 30 such vehicles and we also have similar programs for other defense programs for the Navy. For mine countermeasure assistance, we have a $50 million program there. And finally, our overall programs in traveling wave tubes electronic warfare, are moving along pretty well, both for the U.S. defense, as well as places like Korea which is important obviously. So I think from a defense perspective, the CR should not be affecting us much. But if it continues far too much in the future, since we continue to compete for new and bigger programs, it might affect us. But short term, I don't see, I don't see any problems.
Greg Konrad: And just to go back to oil and gas. At one point the market will turn. Maybe it's not in 2017, but it seems there has been a lot of consolidation across oil and gas and I think you guys have done a good job of kind of tying yourself to customers. Do you see any opportunity from consolidation in a market recovery or a chance to kind of grow your market share?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I think we're already enjoying improvement in our market share, primarily because our products are so robust and we have been able to take the cost up. The market itself, is up. It's interesting. Of course there's the onshore market which deals with shale. Most people would agree that with the marine studies, the break-even there is around $60 for oil price. It's already hit close to that this year and we have seen some rig count increases in the on-shore market. By the way, we do make cable products for the onshore. Right now people are using existing rigs and maybe salvaging stuff to put new rigs in, but there has been substantial improvement in that market. In the off-shore, there are three scenarios. There's the shallow water which would be 1,000 feet or less. Again, there the break-even is about $50, $55. Onshore, as I said, it's $60, maybe $50. The same applies to shallow water. Interestingly enough, deep water is much more expensive, but ultra-deep water is a little cheaper. And ultra-deep water, people predict about a $65 oil price. And that's primarily because also in deep water, you hit larger reservoirs. So the answer to your question, the long winded way of answering is it's getting close to the price where some of these projects will become justifiable. And of course projects that have already started, they are going. So between us making better products, with our research making more robust products that can perform at higher temperatures, higher voltages, higher amps and having taken costs down and the fact that people want to do more processing on the ocean floor, so they have to use more connectors like we make, we have more content per tree or manifold, all of those things favor Teledyne. So I think we've bottomed out. Whether its end of 2016 or early 2018, it's going to come back as you've said and I think we're going to be in the best positions to join that. And frankly, the consolidations to date have not hurt us. I don't know if they have benefited us, but they haven't hurt us at all.
Operator: We have a follow-up from Jim Ricchiuti, with Needham & Company. Go ahead, please.
Jim Ricchiuti: Robert, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about some areas of the commercial business where you've seen some decent growth. I was surprised that you've seen some growth come back -- organic growth coming back in that area of testing and measurement with LeCroy. What seems to be driving that?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, test and measurements, we have done a number of things. First, we're really focusing on certain things -- first oscilloscopes, of course that is our mainstay. But we have gone to two different directions. First, we have a small amount of protocol business which came with LeCroy. We have added a substantial amount of protocol businesses to our portfolio and protocols are really rules of communication between let's say devices. So that's a new market for us and that's contributed to some of our growth. We made two acquisitions in that domain and essentially, device-to-device connectivity, such as Bluetooth or wi-fi or HDMI and we're leaders in that. That has helped us with the growth. The second thing, we have taken our capabilities in oscilloscopes which are really a way of looking at circuitry and we have applied them to new areas, such as testing motors, motor drives. We have motor drive analyzers that we have introduced into the market that are really enjoying growth, strong growth. We have also had some businesses in torque sensors and strain-gauges that we're now bringing our capabilities in electronic measurements to and that will -- we have already established a center in Detroit for automotive businesses. That's helping us grow.  Flipping to auto for a second, for auto test and measurement, the one area that I should note that we're doing very well is in our Machine Vision. And we not only are doing well in the industrial Machine Vision, whether it's flat panel displays or semiconductors, but we also have a lot of new designs for our X-rays in the medical and dental X-rays. So all these combinations, with a very healthy commercial avionics business, bode well for Teledyne as we go forward.
Jim Ricchiuti: On the topic of Machine Vision, there has been more talk of opportunities, growth opportunities in 3-D machine vision. And it sounds like that's an area where potentially you guys could play in. Is that something you're looking at?
Robert Mehrabian: We're always looking at that area. So far, we're not a big player. We do have obviously some 3-D vision products. Our whole optic or laser three-dimensional laser imaging business is all about that. Both ground based and aero -- from aircraft. That's all a bit of the three-dimensional vision system. On the other hand, there are other people that are playing in the 3-D vision for manufacturing. But we're not in it. But we're always looking at that.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay, final question from me is -- just in general, the acquisition pipeline, are you seeing more smaller deals that are attractive to you, interesting to you? Or are you also looking at potentially something that might be a little bit more sizeable?
Robert Mehrabian: Both. We're obviously looking for sizeable -- and sizeable to us would be something in the range of what we have required DALSA and we acquired LeCroy, $200 million to $300 million, maybe a little more. That would be very attractive, we're obviously looking at some of those. On the other hand, the bolt-ons really are made -- it's our forte, that's what we're good at. We have made 50-something, 54-plus acquisitions and we're pretty good at accruing the profitability. We have a whole range of bolt-on acquisitions in our pipeline, that we're both looking at them and trying to compete with others for.
Operator: Thank you and we have no further questions. Please go ahead with any closing remarks.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Cathy. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert and thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Cathy if you would go ahead and give them the replay information and of course the replay is available on the website via webcast also. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you and ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 AM today to midnight December 3. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6071 and entering the access code 403228. International callers dial 320-365-3844 using the same access code, 403228. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and choosing AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - SVP, Strategy and M&A Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President and CEO Sue Main - SVP and CFO
Analysts: George Godfrey - C. L. King Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Co Howard Rubel - Jefferies
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience in standing-by. Welcome to the Teledynes Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all of your participants phone lines are in a listen-only mode and later, there will an opportunity for question. Just as a brief reminder, todays conference is being recorded. And Id now like to turn the conference over to, Jason VanWees.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And I want to welcome everyone to Teledynes second quarter 2016 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; COO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings, and of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. In the second quarter, we achieved strong organic growth of 6% and 7% respectively in our imaging and aerospace and defense electronic segments. Such results were generated through strong growth in our commercial businesses as well as growth but to a lesser degree in our government businesses within these segments. In the instrumentation segment, sales of both electronic test and measurement and environmental instrumentation also increased organically. However, due to weak energy markets sales of marine instrumentation declined considerably year-over-year. While we remain quite cautious we are pleased that some of our offshore energy customers are reporting early signs of improved market sentiment. I should note that orders within marine instrumentation were stable with a book-to-bill of 1.08 in the second quarter. Orders were also healthy in other segments with an overall book-to-bill of 1.04 in the second quarter and 1.14 in year-to-date. Most of our industrial sectors are now experiencing growth while our government businesses have stabilized. Nevertheless, we are maintaining our emphasis on cost control and strong operating discipline. For example, as we specifically highlighted last quarter, we incurred significant severance, lease termination and some asset impairment expenses in the second quarter as well as $500,000 in M&A transaction expense for three small acquisitions. Collectively, these pre-tax charges were approximately $11.2 million with the vast majority of the restructuring charges occurring within the marine instrumentation businesses. However, we are able to absorb these expenses on a GAAP basis through the sale of real estate no longer needed directly as a result of higher facility consolidations. While the majority of these actions are behind us, we will continue to incur some severance and facility consolidation expenses during the remainder of 2016. To be specific, we have reduced headcount by over a thousand employees in 2015 and year-to-date 2016. This was necessary as weve seen our marine business decline from a peak [ph] of $665 million in 2014 to an approximate annualized run rate of $435 million. In addition, in the second quarter alone we exited approximately 200,000 square foot of facilities or roughly 4% of our total footprint. These actions built upon the initiatives we have  from 2013 through 2015 largely within our aerospace and defense businesses. Collectively, we have now eliminated approximately 11% of our footprint. All of these actions are critical aspect of our ability to manage business cycles and at the same time improve future performance. For example, by reduced, by maintaining our reduced footprint and manpower, we were able to once again report record operating margin in our aerospace and defence electronic segment. Despite aggressive cost cutting emphasis on new product development to internally funded R&D continues. And as a percentage of sales was a record for Teledyne at approximately 8%. Coupled with relevant externally funded R&D, we spend approximately 11% of our revenues on new technologies and products. It is also worth noting that despite the major year-over-year decline in offshore energy market, we expect to receive all time record of $27 million of customers funded R&D in our marine businesses. Finally, cash flow from continuing operations was strong increasing 50% from last year to $66.9 million. Year-to-date we have generated $121.7 million of cash after capital expenditures. Turning back to quarterly results. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operation of $1.32 decreased just modestly from last years $1.34. I should note however while this year included -- sense of net earnings that is the real estate gain partially offset by the charges mentioned earlier, last year included also $0.09 of net earnings from legal settlement and discrete tax items. I will now briefly comment on our business segments after which Sue Main will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the third quarter and full year 2016. In our instrumentation segment, second quarter sales decreased 18.9% from last year, sales of marine instrumentation decreased 35.8%, due to lower sales of interconnect systems and other marine sensors and systems for energy exploration and production. This was partially offset by higher sales of interconnect and marine systems for U.S. government application. As we highlighted last quarter, year-over-year comparisons for marine instrumentation were especially difficult in the second quarter, but will moderate a bit in the second half of 2016. In the environmental domain, sales increased slightly and reflected greater sales across most laboratory and air quality product lines offset by some declines in part and petrochemical market. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems increased 16% overall and 2.8% organically GAAP operating profit decline and operating margin decrease solely due to lower sales and margins within the marine instrumentation, and severance and consolidation related charges partially offset by increased profitability among both the environmental and electronic test and instrumentation product lines. Turning to digital imaging segment, second quarter sales increased 9.5% and operating margin increased to 107 basis points. Excluding revenue from recent acquisitions organic growth was 6.2% and reflected higher sales of commercial sensors for medical imaging, laser-based mapping systems and increased volume of micro electro mechanical system or MEMS products. Sales of infrared sensors and government funded research also increased slightly. In the aerospace and defense electronic second quarter sales increased 7.2% organically as both defense and commercial sales globally increase during the quarter. In addition, bookings were strong in both major end markets with a book-to-bill up 1.13. As mentioned earlier, segment operating margin was again a record increasing 418 basis points from last year. Please note that shortly after the quarter ended we divested a lower margin contract manufacturing business and reclassified it as a discontinued operation. In the engineering system segment, second quarter revenue decreased 9.2%, but operating margin improved over 200 basis points. The low revenue resulted from a decline in certain government services but was partially offset by increased marine, aviation and its nuclear manufacturing. In conclusion, our balance business portfolio is not dependent on any single product or market. Aerospace and defense businesses now represent approximately 40% of our total sales. A broad range of industrial market including factory automation, medical imaging, analytical instrumentation, satellite communication and also tries [ph] to represents another 50% of our portfolio. Today oil and gas exploration and production represent less than 10% of Teledyne sales and just about 40% of our total marine businesses. As I noted earlier, we've taken the necessary steps to restructure our marine businesses for a total run rate of approximately $435 million. With the current projected marine sales level we're expecting meaningful improvement in profitability in the second half of the year. And when the markets turn more favorable we stay eventually well. We expect significant margin improvement just as that we achieved in aerospace and defence segment between the sequestration hiatus of few years ago and today. I will now turn the call over to Sue Main.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our third quarter and full year 2016 outlook. In the second quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $83.2 million, compared with cash flow of $57.9 million for the same period of 2015. The higher cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter of 2016 primarily reflected lower income tax payments partially offset by higher payments for severance, facility closure and relocation costs. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $66.9 million in the second quarter of 2016 compared with $44.5 million in 2015. I should note that both our cash flow and cash balance exclude $19.5 million in restricted cash resulting from the recent real estate sales transaction given a potential Section 1031 like-kind exchange Capital expenditures were $16.3 million in the second quarter compared to $13.4 million for the same period of 2015. Depreciation and amortization expense was $21.6 million in the second quarter compared to $22.7 million for the same period of 2015. Full year capital expenditures are expected to be $60 million; however should we take advantage of like-kind exchange and purchase new [ph] facility capital expenditures could increase up to $30 million. We ended the quarter with $620 million of net debt that is $691.7 million of debt and capital leases, plus cash of $71.7 million for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 29.6%. In the second quarter we acquired three businesses for an initial purchase price of approximately $60 million, of which approximately half was funded with foreign cash balances. In addition in the third quarter of 2016, Teledyne completed the sale of assets of Paradigm printed circuits business for $9.3 million in cash. Turning to pension and stock compensation expense, in the second quarter of 2016, pension income was $0.6 million compared with pension expense of $1.1 million. For your reference our pension which is primarily for legacy retirees remains fully funded.  Stock option, compensation expenses was $2.9 million in the second quarter of 2016, compared with $3.3 million in the second quarter of 2015. Finally, turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2016 will be in the range of $1.28 to $1.33 per share and we are increasing our full year 2016 earnings per share from continuing operations outlook to $5.10 to $5.20 from our prior outlook of $5.05 to $5.15. The 2016 full year effective tax rate excluding any discrete items is expected to be 27.6%. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Jason, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from George Godfrey of C.L. King [ph]. Your line is open.
George Godfrey: Thank you. Good morning, Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, George.
George Godfrey: Question, on the full guidance how much is assume there in revenue from the acquisitions that have already been completed. I believe it was $5.5 million in the Q2. What you assume for that for Q3 and Q4?
Robert Mehrabian: I would say for the year remainder of the year, George, about $20 million.
George Godfrey: About $20 million. Okay.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes.
George Godfrey: And the blended organic growth rate, you happen to have that for the company as a whole?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think the organic growth rate, if we look at it  it's about down about 5% for the year and I would say that of course primarily driven by the downward trend in the marine instruments. Everything else except engineered system will be down at little bit, but I just hope that business should be up.
George Godfrey: Got it. Okay. And then, my last question, looking specifically within instrumentation, I think you commented that your customers in energy exploration have seen some signs of stability or seem to getting to a floor. How much is that  how much is their outlook change month-to-month or even week-to-week depending upon what LNG pricing are doing it. And what I'm trying to get at is does the price of the oil influence there thought process on stability or is it the capital investment and planning that they are doing for their customers? Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, George. I think theirs is no question that the price of the oil is influencing physiology, physiological outlooks. On the other hand what we are learning is that almost all of our customers including ourselves by the way have significantly reduce their cost structures especially their cost structure vis--vis exploration and more importantly production. For example, we know from data that's been given to us that the offshore production cost have gone down significantly where some of the even deep ocean wells would be profitable at less than $50 a barrel. That significant considering a year ago people were quoting $75 a barrel. So everybody is talking now, people are improving their cost and designing system that are much more cost effective. And finally George, at least in their offshore domain what they're trying to do is do more processing on the ocean floor which has reduced costs also bringing everything up and processing it. But it also is also very good for us because we supply lot of the connectivity and corrosion and other products like pressure and temperatures sensors for the ocean bottom.
George Godfrey: Understood. Thank you very much, Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Ricchiuti of Needham & Co. Your line is open.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thank you. Robert, you may have given this out, but what was the organic growth rate in the digital imaging business in the quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: I think in the digital imaging it was 6.3%, Jim.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. So, pretty good growth. And how should we think about the margins in our business. You're starting to show some improvement there. Do we  do you think  feel that there is some room for operating margins in that segment of the business to improve from here?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Jim, I think you should look at that segment. One thing in mind there's a part of digital imaging which is our research lab, which is about $30 million, $35 million of revenue. There we take no profit. So -- and that, if you look at it that way, that comprises approximately 10% of imaging. Having said that, the improvement in margin are coming from those are large corporations and they will continue to improve the remainder of the year, perhaps another 100 basis points or so.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. With respect to the instrumentation business it sounds like you've done a fair amount of restructuring, presumably that's going to lead to some margin improvement there as well. How much do you really need to have the marine market come back a bit before we get back to maybe not quite the margins that you had that speak [ph], but just how should we think about margins in that segment of the business?
Robert Mehrabian: I think next quarter, next couple of quarters we ought to see maybe 300 basis points improvement in the margins in that segment primarily because we won't have the one-time restructure in charges that we took in the margin businesses. And so, I think we've structured the business as I mentioned before to start having meaningful margin improvement even at the current level if and when I should say. When the oil and gas market comes back and coming back there is no question it's going to back. And the reason for that is very simple. The existing wells all across whether its land based or ocean based they would be depleting, our reserves are depleting, people can estimate anywhere between 4 billion and 5 billion barrels a day per year and also there is some continuing change in demand that's positive, but the depletion is more significant. And we have to have new resources of energy to offset depletion. And so I think this business will come back and when it comes back I expect our margins to go back up in the 15%.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Howard Rubel of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Howard Rubel: Thank you very much. First, I wanted to ask, Sue, about section 1031 like-kind exchange. If I understand this then, I mean, what kind of tax reserve did you set up or allow for with respect to that because again seems under the circumstance obviously you  its a tax beneficial event? I'll stop and let you elaborate.
Sue Main: Yes. If the cash tax benefit of about 7.7 million, 7.6 million, so it's not affecting the rate. That will also again it will make the right 1031 exchange.
Howard Rubel: So, did you provide some reserve in the current quarter for what may eventually play out here or did you make the full assumption that this would in fact the 1031 selection?
Sue Main: We did not make a selection [ph]
Robert Mehrabian: Howard, the way this works is very simple. The fact that your sell a building for again, especially a building that we're hoping to replace with the similar building. The tax benefit will reduce the cash that we will be paying for the new building, because otherwise if we don't we'll have to pay the $7.7 million in taxes. But it doesn't affect our current tax rate, our earnings or anything else.
Howard Rubel: I understand that the basis of the new building will be based on the basis of the old building. I just wanted to understand whether there were some  and I get how advantages this is I just want to understand if you had been  you've taken the full benefit in the quarter or it allowed for some contingency?
Robert Mehrabian: There is no book impact, its a contingency. If you don't use it you'll have to cope up the cash in the future.
Howard Rubel: Thank you. I appreciate that. I wanted to understand the dynamic a little bit in the way you would called it out, but that's very clear. Second, there are a number of competitors that all of a sudden have recognized the attractiveness of the underwater AUV [ph] market. What are you continuing to do to make sure that the modes that you've created for your vehicles continue to have very strong demand?
Robert Mehrabian: First, as you know Howard, we have a whole range of vehicles going from gliders to remotely operated vehicles, to automated underwater vehicles and of course we have the larger vehicles for the Special Forces. Having said that, the advantages that we enjoy over others are that we also have a very strong suite of sensors that we incorporate in our vehicles whether its a glider or it's an AUV or an ROV and what that does its gives us the ability to offer customers vehicles with completely integrated solutions from us. Now, we sell our sensors to other people. But of course we have the advantage of cost benefits when we use them in our vehicles. Just to give you an example. We have produced some [Indiscernible] vehicles specifically for the Chinese. This has to do with trying to find the Malaysian Airline that disappeared and weve sold three of those already just under $1 million each but those contain about 10 of our different sensors in them all in the vehicles. Finally, I would just say that we not only are working with our vehicles in the commercial domain but we have remotely operated vehicles that are now being used by the Navy for Mine Explosive Ordinance Disposal and we have underwater vehicles for the Special Forces. So I think our -- as you said other people are entering the market. Some have been in there for a while. I think the important thing for us is to continue to improve our range of our offerings and integrate our sensors into them.
Howard Rubel: And thank you. And then one last question. You called out some new -- some benefits of this laser based mapping into your special software in the digital imaging business. Can you talk for a little bit about what you see in terms of the opportunities there, I mean it seems as if there is more and more demand for these sort of solutions.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes there are two parts to that. On the laser based mapping we have a whole sequence of new products that are enabling operators to do the mapping without having someone direct instruments, so they are totally automated and -- or that comes out of our Optech businesses that are part of DALSA they had a significant increase there, its a small business but nevertheless year-over-year we had about 25% increasing from new products. The other area, the geospatial software that is business that we just acquired thats called CARIS, its also part of DALSA, its in Canada and what they do is they do use hydrographic sensors that are acoustic sensors primarily that do surveys of ocean floors and they provide all the data the software for people to convert all of that data into useful information and maths and 90 countries around the world use those systems. And thats an increasing business for us because its not only occupies the space that it [Indiscernible] it but it also is very complimentary to our existing other marine businesses including aerial survey, Optech business where we do near shore and off shore survey.
Howard Rubel: Thank you very much Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Howard.
Operator: And at this point there are no further questions here in queue for us.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much operator, Justin. What I like to do now is Id like to ask Jason to please conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thank you everyone for joining us this morning. And if you have any follow up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release. Justin, if you could give the replay information right now that would be ideal. Thanks everyone.
Operator: Certainly, thank you. And you may access todays conference via digitized replay from 10:00 A.M. today through September 4 of 2016. You can do so by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 398335. International dialers may access the same digitized replay at 320-365-3844 using the same access code of 398335. Once again those phone numbers are 1-800-475-6701 or internationally at 320-365-3844 using the same access code of 398335. That does conclude the conference. We do thank you very much for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - SVP, Strategy and M&A Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President and CEO Sue Main - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company Chris Quilty - Raymond James George Godfrey - CLK Howard Rubel - Jefferies
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing-by. And welcome to the Teledynes First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And also as a reminder, todays teleconference call is being recorded. At this time, we'll turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, Tony, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And Id like to welcome everyone to Teledynes first quarter 2016 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning. Joining me today are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Chief Operating Office, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in this earnings release and our periodic SEC filings, and of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. We started 2016 with record orders, with a book-to-bill of over 1.2, driven by strong bookings across the majority of our government businesses. While some industrial sectors, especially energy, remain weak, those markets appear to be stabilizing. For example, total book-to-bill for our instrumentation segment was just less than 1 or 0.98. Nevertheless, we are maintaining our emphasis on cost control and strong operating discipline and we are currently implementing in significant additional cost reduction actions, especially within marine instrumentation. Specifically, in the second quarter, we will exit approximately 2,000 square feet of facilities or roughly 4% of our total footprint. These actions and the boundary [ph] initiatives we took, starting in 2013 through 2015 largely within our aerospace and defense businesses and together we'll eliminate collectively approximately 11% of our footprint. By maintaining our reduced footprint and manpower, while the defense market improves, we were able to report record operating margin in our aerospace and defense electronics segment. I should note that while we are reducing manufacturing costs, we have not wavered on our commitment to innovation and new product development. In fact, internally funded R&D as a percentage of sales was nearly a record in the first quarter, coupled with relevant externally funded R&D, we spend approximately 11% of our revenues on new technologies and product. Finally, we generated record free cash flow for any first quarter, allowing us to complete three acquisitions early in the second quarter with a minimal increase in net debt compared to year end 2015. As we have noted in the past, our balanced business portfolio is not dependent on any single product or market. For example, one year ago, our aerospace and defense businesses comprised less than 35% of sales. In the first quarter of 2016 that represents more than 44% of our total sales. In the first quarter of 2015, marine instrumentation accounted for 28% of total sales with nearly two-thirds of marine sales coming from oil and gas market. A year later total marine instrumentation represented 21% of sales in the first quarter of 2016, with approximately half or just 10% of our total sales from oil and gas exploration and production. In summary, over the last three years, we have been able to successfully manage change, while at least one part of our business portfolio was under severe pressure. We have been able to reasonably manage revenue and GAAP earnings as well as permanently reduced our cost structure and acquire complementary businesses. In the years, following the 2008 financial crisis, we are generally able to maintain revenue, margins and earnings. Once market stabilized, we experienced strong growth in sales and earnings, as well as greater pace of M&A activity from 2011 through 2014. I now believe that the period of U.S. government sequestration and its consequences has concluded and the worst of the declines in the energy market have dissipated. Thus by early 2017, we should again be able to enter another period of multi-year growth. Turning back to the quarterly results. GAAP earnings per share of $1.10 decreased from last years $1.20. The $0.10 decline largely resulted from the 6.1% decrease in revenue and a modest decline of 41 basis points in operating margin and some foreign currency headwinds partially offset by a reduced headcount. Sales to international customers decreased, but this was almost solely due to lower sales of marine instrumentation related to oil and gas exploration and production and the decline was partially offset by increased overseas sales of environmental and electronic test and measurement instruments as well as avionics. I will now briefly comment on our business segments after which Sue Main will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the second quarter and full year 2016. First quarter sales in our instrumentation segment decreased 17.2% from last year, sales of marine instrumentation decreased almost 29%, due to lower sales of interconnect systems and other marine sensors and systems for energy exploration and production. This was partially offset by higher sales of interconnect and marine systems for U.S. government application. Year-over-year comparisons for the marine instrumentation will also be especially difficult in the second quarter, but will then ease in the second half of 2016. In the environmental domain, sales increased 1.6% and it reflected a continued growth International sales of ambient air analyzers used in pollution control. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems declined $1 million where International sales increased slightly but were offset by lower domestic volumes. Early in the second quarter we completed two strategic acquisitions for Teledyne LeCroys Telecom Solutions Group. Protocol analyzers are used by engineers to troubleshoot data communication systems and test interoperability compliance and interference among electronic devices such as smartphones, PC video cards and automotive infotainment system. Specifically, Teledyne LeCroy was already the market leader in protocol testers for serial data centers like universal serial box or USB and peripheral component interconnect express or PCI express and show quantum [ph] data and front line our two new acquisitions we will provide leading products for high-definition multimedia interface or HDMI, Bluetooth and Wi-Fi. Turning to digital imaging segment, first quarter sales were essentially flat with last year, while GAAP operating margin declined about 17 basis points, primarily due to lower revenue of traditional space based infrared sensors. Revenue and margin both increased in our core Teledyne DALSA business. Yesterday, we announced that we closed the acquisition of CARIS, the leading developer of geospatial software designed for hydrographic and the marine community. While CARIS will work closely with our marine instrumentation businesses, its capabilities in software development and its operating locations more closely aligned with our imaging group in Canada. Turning to aerospace and defense electronics segment, first quarter sales increased 8.1% organically from last year as both US defense sales and commercial sales globally increased during the quarter. In addition, bookings were strong in both major end markets with a book-to-bill of 1.15. As mentioned earlier, segment operating margin was a record increasing 205 basis points from last year. In addition, in our earnings this morning, we announced the pending divestiture of a non-core business from this segment. While Paradigm printed circuits has been part of Teledyne for over 15 [ph] years. The planned divestiture is consistent with our ongoing evolution and focus on high technology, high margin proprietary engineered product. Turning to the engineered system segment, first quarter revenue increased 1.9% and operating margin increased to 182 basis points. Sales increased from nuclear and environmental programs that will partially offset by lower shipment of hydrogen generators and cruise diesel engines. In summary, before turning the call over to Sue, I did want to add some color regarding the second quarter and the remainder of 2016. Over the next few quarters, but especially in Q2, we will be incurring significant severance and lease termination costs as well as M&A transaction expense for the recent three acquisitions and the divestitures announced this morning. Our outlook does include these charges on a GAAP basis, but the outlook also assumes a gain on the sale of a real estate no longer needed, especially as a result of our prior [ph] facility consolidation. Thus, the Q2 income statement would likely be a bit complex with severance, lease termination and M&A costs spread among our segments and with the potential of real estate sales appearing in other income. I will now turn the call over to Sue Main.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter, not covered by Robert. And then I will discuss our second quarter and full year 2016 outlook. In the first quarter, cash from operating activities was $69.1 million, compared with cash flow of $16.7 million for the same period of 2015. The higher cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter of 2016 primarily reflected lower annual bonus payments and lower income tax payments partially offset by lower net income. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $54.9 million in the first quarter of 2016 compared with $9 million in 2015. Capital expenditures were $14.2 million in the first quarter compared to $7.7 million for the same period of 2016. Depreciation and amortization expense was $21.1 million in the first quarter compared to $23.2 million for the same period of 2015. We ended the quarter with $636.3 million of net debt that is $719.5 million of debt and capital leases, plus cash of $83.2 million for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 30.8%. In April, we acquired three businesses for initial purchase price of approximately $60 million. Turning to pension and stock compensation expense. In the first quarter of 2016, gross GAAP pension income was $0.5 million compared with gross pension income of $0.2 million, which included a one-time gain related to a partial pension fees in the same period of 2015. For reference, our pension, which is primarily for legacy retirees remains fully funded. Stock option compensation expenses was $3.3 million in the first quarter of 2016, compared with $3.8 million in the first quarter of 2015. Finally, turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2015 will be in the range of $1.20 to $1.26 per share and we are an affirming our full year 2016 earnings per share outlook of $5.05 to $5.15. As Robert mentioned, the second quarter and full year outlook includes severance, lease termination and other facility consolidation costs expected to be offset by a gain on the sale of real estate, no longer needed as a result of facility consolidation. The 2016 full year effective tax rate excluding any discrete items is expected to be 28.8%. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Tony, we are ready to proceed.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Good morning. I am wondering, if you can perhaps, if you are in a position to size the gain that you anticipate on the sale of the real estate?
Robert Mehrabian: I think, it might be somewhere between 12 million to 15 million, because it depends on the taxes that we have to pay there and we know what the cost basis is, but the taxes are going to be higher than our normal taxes that we have for the company, because it is a real estate gain.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. And Robert, I wonder if just in light of the - what you are seeing from a booking standpoint, can you give us some sense as to how you are viewing the business by segment over the balance of the year, even directionally how we should think about it? Thanks.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Jim. I think instruments will be down in the second quarter versus last year as it was in the first quarter primarily due to oil and gas and then it will flat in the remainder of the year. The bottom-line if you go to digital imaging we think well get a little uptick for the remainder of the year we could be up in the single-digit. A&D which is our aerospace and defense for the full year should again be in the single-digit probably about 7%. Engineer systems I think will be flat, but instruments could be down for the whole year as much as 10%. So well end the year may be a little down year-over-year, may be a percent or two.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay, thats helpful. I'll jump back in the queue. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Next in queue is Chris Quilty with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Chris Quilty: Robert, just as a follow-up to the revenue outlook, any significant changes in the margin and I guess I would say excluding the severance or maybe we should just use the severance since you stick with GAAP?
Robert Mehrabian: I think overall our margins are going to be relatively flat for the year maybe well get a little uptick, it could be as high as lets us say 50 basis points, but it is going to be pretty complex year if you see our segment margins that would be different from operating margin for the whole company, because in the segments, we'll take the charges and then in the operating of the whole company reflect the gain. So, I would say flat to 50 basis points in the bottom-line.
Chris Quilty: Got you. On the aerospace and defense business, I guess focusing specifically on the government DOD side. Are there any particular areas that youre seeing strength, is it a particular technology or programs or a service branch that youre seeing the most gains from?
Robert Mehrabian: I think in general we have in our communication businesses especially in electronic warfare were seeing some strength both in the US government, but also foreign governments. For example, we do have a fairly sizeable program with the South Koreans for their missile defense systems. Also as you know we have the program, this SWSC's ph] program for the shallow water combat system that is coming along really well and we're entering production now. And then finally, I would say in some of our satellite communication programs and some of our other programs related to space, were seeing some increases. Logistics agencies really have begun increasing their procurement, so thats helping that.
Chris Quilty: A clarification is the shallow water combat I thought that at least originated in the engineered systems.
Robert Mehrabian: It is, but it also draws some products from other segments as well, including marine for example. But also well probably be providing some other sensors for that system from all of our segments as we do most of the engineered systems, Chris use this product from other groups such as we have this letter from combat ship frontline interrogation using our gliders while the sales brought up engineered systems, the gliders are made in our marine program. They have the system integrators for a lot of this product.
Chris Quilty: Got you. And years ago, you kind of dialed back your focus on the DOD market correctly, assessing that we were going to hit a bit of an air bubble in terms of budget and demand and downturns, whats your prospects here looking out over the next three to five years, is this an area where you now think you might invest more or do you have a right portfolio as it stands?
Robert Mehrabian: Thats a good question Jim. I think the defense market has stabilized. I dont see a big upside at this time. On the other hand, we are switching a lot of our products from other businesses into defense to give you one specific example, were suffering in our interconnect technologies in oil and gas. We have the prime position on how penetrators for electric and optic communication for example in submarines both Virginia class and the next set that will become a long Ohio class. And so in those areas we might increase some content by making the acquisitions, but by and large, I think our defense portfolio is fairly well-balanced at this time, is somewhat I see.
Chris Quilty: Okay. And switching over to the aerospace side, where does the portfolio stand there, youve made a couple of small acquisitions in the last several years, but again, is it more internally or M&A focused?
Robert Mehrabian: In the aerospace side, I think we track between the predominant position in the areas that we play in specifically in data acquisitions and then ability to wirelessly send the data to operating centers of the airlines. There are and then many acquisitions in the domain for us. The couple of people that compete with us are larger companies. And I don't think they would want to divest this. And so I think Chris, if we find something obviously we buy, but right now we don't see an opportunity for acquisitions Chris in that domain.
Chris Quilty: Great and I missed the very earliest part of the call, so maybe this is redundant. But, Robert's view on the oil and gas bottom and where it's happen, whether it's happen?
Robert Mehrabian: As you tell this one. Everything that I know says that the bottom we pretty much in the bottom. I think from a Teledyne's perspective, year-over-year comparisons with the low. We don't see some negative comps in Q2. But do - that for we should flat enough. All the people that discuss oil and gas are saying in 2017 prices should be somewhere between $50 and $60.If that were to happened, then I think we'll get some uptake in our business as, because concurrent with that there is some increase in subsea Christmas Tree which grow on top of well heads and amount of pool. Also there will be some land based investment in oil and gas and all of those would help us greatly. What has happened in the industry because of the downturn people have really lowered their prices operating and production and drilling expenses. And a lot of the areas that we are familiar with whether it's land based whether it's offshore midwater or Deepwater. All of the breakeven prices have come significantly down. And we think in those kinds of price ranges things will start picking up slowly, but they'll pick up.
Chris Quilty: Got you. And did you feel any impact from the Halliburton, Baker Hughes.
Robert Mehrabian: Not directly, but you saw Halliburton's earnings yes they're they. And of course their land based services business are done and overall drilling in the past year and half has gone from we have the - I think about 1900 range out there mostly land based that down to 400. So the effect for us is been indirect, so the combination would not have affected this that I know.
Chris Quilty: Great. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Thank you very much. [Operator Instructions]. And you have a question coming from George Godfrey with CLK. Please go ahead.
George Godfrey: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen. Wanted to ask Robert, I don't want to put words in your mouth, but if I look at the book-to-bill of 1.2 easier comps and growth, and hurt the growth outlook on the revenue segment business. You really feel like this could be a bottom here across each of the segment maybe instrumentations will weak. But as I look at the aerospace I mean 8% growth year-over-year. I mean as far as I can see that I think that's largest year-over-year growth and at least 3 years.
Robert Mehrabian: So, you're right, George. I think it's a healthy book-to-bill, but remember this is better than anyone. When you have a book-to-bill you measuring it against current billings. And our current billings as you see are not that vibrant. So in aerospace and defense you're very correct. I think in some of this is the longer-term, but nevertheless having said that once, we get through Q2, I think we're going to seeing some uptake in everything in our company.
George Godfrey: Okay. And you talked about the price oil getting back to $50 and $60 and how that helps the breakeven. And talking adjacent and when you brought some of these instrumentation business as the price of oil was closer to $35. So if have to be in this 40-ish range call it not over 50. And that still be a profitable growing business moving away from '16 into '17.
Robert Mehrabian: I believe so it's profitable now, our oil and gas business is our profitable.
George Godfrey: Not - of words, I mean growing.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah growing. I think we can grow, what's happening is that we are fortunate in that we have been investing in our product and what does happen is that, because people are reducing cost and we have reduced cost for example in Q2 how we reduced that cost very significantly in that area. Yes, as markets we see, we have increased content, we have new product and we think that that will improve we have programs that have to do with high reliability underwater program. We also have last year we have this year more but last year we have $15 million of sponsored research on our oil and gas customers for underwater product development. So, we think we can enjoy that. If we can do okay at oil at the $40 plus. The other thing is this not going to move the needle for the company as much anymore because as I indicated before oil and gas now is only about 10% of our portfolio. Where we'll then gain share is introducing products from our connectors and other things in oil and gas in our defense market. So we didn't expect.
George Godfrey: And last question, recognizing that Q2 will have a lot of moving parts and hoping to reduce some little complexity. Guidance for the quarterly EPS and then for the full year. What are you assuming on the share count? I noticed the share count down about $500,000 here from Q4 to Q1 with no buybacks according to the press release.
Robert Mehrabian: I think the share count will go up a little bit maybe a little over 35, maybe 35.3 for the full year. Right now we are not planning, at this time any share buyback. Because we have a fairly nice channel of acquisitions [indiscernible] acquisitions. Our preference always is George to buy businesses. And our stock is higher - when we last time we brought our stock it was in the $72 to $74 range. And now it's closer to what about $92 and I haven't look at it really. But so the gain you get from the share buybacks is decreased. If we spend a $100 million at the stock plus that they certainly buy or so it would benefit to $0.60 in earnings today that would benefit to $0.11 in earnings. So it's also diminishing business plus as I said our preference is to buy business. So I think share count will up a little bit partially because now some of our options will also be kicking in.
George Godfrey: Understood. Thank you very much for the commentary.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Next in queue is Howard Rubel with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Howard Rubel: Thank you. Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Howard.
Howard Rubel: Robert after not doing deals for a while all of a sudden you've stepped in and you've done some and youve done in markets other than oil and gas. What do you see that's different or how did you come across these that were as complementary as you think that can be?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, Mark has a lot to do with this Howard. It's some of this like the CARIS acquisition we've been at that point for over two years. And it's a perfect - it's not oil and gas. It's hydrographic survey that people used them to make charts for all commercial as well as military open water travel. But on the other the protocols we would like you to that they came along and we have that optionality from LeCroy. We have others in the hopper, the problem is Howard that as you will know some of these businesses that we buy actually all the ones that we brought a private business. And it has a lot to do with the individuals at start of the business and growing it whether it's time for them to take some chips off the table. I'm hoping that this will continue, but we have a lot in the hopper, but I don't know it will close; part of it is what we willing to pay and. and as you well known you've known this for a long time. We are not likely to pay our [indiscernible] amount for acquisitions. Because they would not be accretive. So I think luck has a lot to do with it.
Howard Rubel: The just to follow on that though. I mean even though the debt is up the reality is the cost of money is still very attractive. So is there any thought in terms of where you would like to take I mean are the same balance sheet metrics that applied in the past is still appropriate for you today.
Robert Mehrabian: I think our balance sheet is in really good shape right now. Right now we're below 2 in that EBITDA. And if we don't do anything that will go out by themselves. I think we can move up to 2.5, Howard that's kind of our internal matrices that we've setup. And the other thing is some of our debt is of course not line of credit. It comes to over certain period. And we've been fortunate enough to spread that over many years. So none of it comes to at once. So I think we have a lot of dry powder. I would say $500 million $600 million if we have to use it we would.
Howard Rubel: I hear you. Thank you very much for your time.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Howard.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We do have a follow up from Chris Quilty with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Chris Quilty: Actually my question was answered but something else I was thinking about. With the engineered systems business, it was very heavily service centric and you put a lot of effort in recent years into leveraging some of the manufacturing capability there. Would you consider bidding on the opportunity to build President Trump's wall?
Robert Mehrabian: I know you're putting beyond that.
Chris Quilty: All right, well my question was answered. Thanks.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. Thank you, Tony. I would now ask Jason to conclude our conference call. Jason.
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert and again thanks everyone for joining us and if you have follow up questions certainly feel free to call me it's the number on the earnings release. Tony, if you could give the replay information and conclude the call, we'd appreciate it. Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This conference will be available for replay after 10 AM Pacific time today running through June 5 at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 387044. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Once again those telephone numbers are 800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 using the access code of 387044. And now it does conclude your conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - SVP, Strategy and M&A Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President and CEO Sue Main - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Howard Rubel - Jefferies Steve Levenson - Stifel George Godfrey - CLK Chris Quilty - Raymond James
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne Fourth Quarter Earnings Teleconference Call. At this time all telephone lines are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be an opportunity to for questions and answers when instructions given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, todays conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to your host, Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And Id like to welcome everyone to Teledynes fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; COO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in this earnings release and our periodic SEC filings, and of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via webcast and dial in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason and good morning everyone. We ended 2015 with our strongest quarter of the year. Sales and earnings per share were significantly higher than the preceding quarters. In fact, earnings in the fourth quarter of 2015 were nearly a record, just under last years record results. Year-over-year revenue declined on an especially difficult comparison. However, given past R&D investments and the resulting new products as well as improving aerospace and defense markets, we achieved sequential quarterly improvement in revenue throughout 2015 in both our digital imaging and aerospace and defense electronics segments. In addition, GAAP, and I emphasize GAAP, operating margin increased sequentially throughout 2015. And on a full year basis, despite the lower revenue and an increase in pension expense coupled with greater severance charges, we were able to maintain operating margin. Before commenting further on our results and segment financials, I want to provide some additional perspectives on our Company. First, our balanced business portfolio is not dependent on any single product or market. For example, while a weak offshore energy market is impacting our marine instrumentation product, this end market only represents approximately 15% of total sales. On the other hand, our defense business, which represents over 25% of total sales, contributed to the growth of our aerospace and defense electronics and engineered systems segments in the fourth quarter. In addition, given our content on U.S. submarine programs as well as growth of our autonomous underwater vehicles, our U.S. government business also mitigated declines from oil and gas products. Second, Teledyne knows how to manage change. Its part of our culture, our DNA. As a reminder, U.S. government budget cuts or sequestration and a corresponding shrinking defense business resulted in over $100 million of lost annual sales between 2012 and 2015. From the outset, we began aggressive cost reductions and facility consolidations. At the same time, we invested wisely across our continuing businesses and added complementary acquisitions. Three years after sequestration, total Company sales, gross margin, operating margin, and earnings per share are all significantly higher. In 2015, and continuing throughout 2016, we are again consolidating facilities and businesses but this time, our efforts are largely focused on marine instrumentation. And while the overall instrumentation service revenue declined in 2015, we were able to maintain margin. In summary, while we cannot predict the duration of market cycles, be it defense, aerospace, energy or others, we can and have managed through many such events in the past. Turning back to quarterly results, GAAP earnings per share of $1.57 decreased from last decreased from last years $1.62. The $0.05 decline largely resulted from the 3.6% decrease in revenue as greater severance charges, negative pension effects and other expense were essentially offset by greater tax benefits and a reduced share count. Sales to international customers decreased slightly due to lower demand for marine and test and measurement instrumentation as well as foreign currency translation. On a full year basis, foreign currency translation affected sales negatively by approximately 1.5% but acquisitions offset this decline. I will now briefly comment on our business segments after which Sue Main will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the first quarter and full year 2016. In our instrumentation segment, fourth quarter sales decreased 11.1% from last year. Sales of marine instrumentation decreased 11.6% due to lower sales of interconnect systems and other marine sensors and systems for energy production, partially offset by higher sales of interconnect and marine systems to the U.S. government. In the environmental domain sales decreased 7.9% and it reflected a tough comparison as well as reduced sales for lab and field instrumentations domestically that was partially offset by higher sales of ambient air analyzers used in pollution controls. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems declined where sales to Europe and especially Asia were impacted by both weak demand and currency headwinds. GAAP segment operating profit declined and operating margin decreased 108 basis points due to lower sales as well as severance related charges. Turning to the digital imaging segment, fourth quarter sales were essentially flat with last year while GAAP operating, segment operating profit increased 47.4% and operating margin increased 365 basis points. Turning to aerospace and defense electronics, fourth quarter sales increased 5.6% from last year. U.S. government and defense sales were flat year-over-year but considerably higher than in the first half of the year. In addition, our commercial avionic business continued to perform exceptionally well. GAAP operating profit for the segment increased 6.5%. Turning to the engineered systems segment, fourth quarter revenue increased 4.2% but operating profit decreased 13%. Sales increased from nuclear and aerospace manufacturing programs as well as commercial hydrogen generators but lower shipments of high margin cruise missile engines and additional pension expense impacted margins. In summary, 2015 was fraught with challenges, a weak industrial economy, contractions in corporate capital spending, and wild swings in energy prices and foreign exchange rates. I am proud of our efforts to address these challenges and our financial results in light of the circumstances. Because we expect some further deterioration in our offshore energy businesses and since we remain cautious in other commercial markets given the challenging global economic environment, we feel it is prudent to be measured in our outlook for 2016. Our acquisition pipeline is strong and our long-term focus remains growing the Company through both acquisitions as well as investments in new products. Nevertheless, we will weigh share repurchases versus acquisitions, given relative valuations. I will now turn the call over to Sue Main.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert. And good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our first quarter and full year 2016 outlook. In the fourth quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $61 million compared with cash flow of $85.6 million for the same period of 2014. The lower cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter of 2015, primarily reflected lower net income and higher income tax payments and then a reduction in accounts payables near year-end. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $45.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 compared with $71.8 million in 2014. Capital expenditures were $15.4 million in the fourth quarter compared to $13.8 million for the same period of 2014. Depreciation and amortization expense was $22.4 million in the fourth quarter compared to $24.2 million for the same period of 2014. We ended the quarter with $696.9 million of net debt, that is $782 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $85.1 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 34.1%. In the fourth quarter 2015, we amended the $750 million credit facility to extend the maturity to December 2020. Also in the fourth quarter, we issued $125 million of senior unsecured notes. The notes consisted of $25 million at 2.81% due in November 2020 and $100 million at 3.28% due in November 2022. On January 26, 2016, Teledynes board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program for up to an additional 3 million shares of Teledyne common stock. Turning to pension and stock compensation expense, in the fourth quarter of 2015 gross GAAP pension expense was $1.1 million compared with gross pension income of $0.3 million in the same period of 2014. For your reference, our pension, which is primarily for legacy retirees remains fully funded as of year-end 2015. Stock compensation expense was $2.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 compared with $3.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. In 2015, in an effort to reduce cost, we granted no stock options but we will do so in 2016. Finally, turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the first quarter of 2016 will be in the range of $1 to $1.10 per share. We expect our full year 2016 earnings per share outlook to be $5.05 to $5.15. The 2016 full year effective tax rate excluding any discrete items is expected to be 28.8%. I do want to emphasize a few items regarding our current 2016 outlook compared to 2015. The 2015 results benefited from significant discrete tax items and a lower tax rate of 28.1%. Collectively, these tax items generated approximately $0.32 per share of headwind for 2016 compared to 2015. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would like to now take your questions. Alan, if you are ready to proceed with questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Robert, I wonder if you could comment -- you touched on some additional cautiousness not only in the offshore energy market, which I think is understandable, but you also alluded to potentially some weakening in other parts of the commercial business. I assume some of that may be the electronic test and measurement business, but I wonder if you could elaborate a little bit more on what youre seeing in some of the other commercial businesses.
Robert Mehrabian: I think Jim, generally, what I can say is that like almost all other companies in our businesses, we are not really forecasting weakening. We are just being cautious because there isnt a day that passes by that you dont read about the various economies across the world, in China as an example, weakening and the dollar getting stronger. I just feel that we have to be cautious at this time till we start marching through the various quarters in 2016.
Jim Ricchiuti: Is it -- you may or may not be in a position to talk about the businesses, but is there any color that you might be able to give us as to how we might think about growth in some of the businesses over the course of the year? It sounds like you feel a little bit more comfortable with some of the government related business, certainly on the aerospace and defense side, and I guess engineered systems has also picked up nicely.
Robert Mehrabian: Jim, I can give you at least what our present outlook is for the different segments. We believe primarily because of the declines in the offshore energy market in which we play, we have significant position in, even though its only a small fraction of the overall business, we think there are going to still be further declines. Well make some of that up with our businesses, in energy businesses, marine businesses that are with the government. But overall, I think if you look at our -- broadly at our instrumentation segment, which has revenues of a little over $1 billion this year, I think it would be prudent for us to think that would go down overall, maybe 5% next year. I think if you look at the digital imaging and aerospace and defense, which also makes up approximately another $1 billion, I think we expect that itll go up in revenue about 5%, so kind of offsetting whats going to happen in the instrumentation. And then lastly, in energy engineered systems, I think its going to be a -- year-over-year were going to be relatively flat. So, I think we look forward to 16 as Ive described it but I think in 17, and I hate to go that far out, but in 17 we do have some programs that have potential for significant growth, especially in engineered systems, like the shallow water combat vehicle and our multiuser platform on the international space stations. Those will really start taking off by early 2017. So, we think engineered systems may not grow next year but the year after its going to do very well. I hope that helps you.
Jim Ricchiuti: It helps. Aerospace and defense, is that may be mid single-digit growth; is that the way just given your bookings?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think about 5% is appropriate.
Operator: Well move next to the line of Michael Ciarmoli with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Go ahead, please.
Michael Ciarmoli: Just before we get to the 2016, Robert, just in the fourth quarter on margins, can you just explain what was going on in the aerospace and defense? I mean the margins were down sequentially, even though you guys seemingly had a little bit higher volume. Was that a mix issue or just trying to understand why the margins declined from 3Q to 4Q.
Robert Mehrabian: We had some estimates of completion that we took down because we thought again it would be prudent to do so. We also saw a little weakness in our business in electronic manufacturing services, which is a very low margin business but we took some charges there. But overall, I think there is nothing very significant other than those.
Michael Ciarmoli: And then just going back to what Jim was asking, I guess on the digital imaging, even for the full year, it sounds like its going to be more back end loaded. You guys usually have more back end loaded years. But 5% growth on digital imaging, what kind of line of sight do you guys have now; and maybe what are you even seeing with the current January trends in that specific business, to give you that confidence?
Robert Mehrabian: I think the 5% that I noted was about digital imaging and aerospace and defense combined.
Michael Ciarmoli: Combined, okay.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I hate to say one would be exactly 5% but I think combined its about 5%, Jim. On digital imaging, there are really three pieces to it. There is one piece that shouldnt even be counted in terms of earnings because its our research lab. We dont -- we have outside sponsored research as well as Teledyne sponsored research there. So, what happens is that while we have about $40 million in revenue, there is no profit in it because whatever we get, we plough it back in, plus a whole bunch from our own sale. So, in a way when we look at digital imaging from inside out, we exclude scientific research lab. Then the second half is our government imaging business, the infrared high-end imaging businesses, which generally are lumpy because we get very large programs, both national space classified programs as well as instrumentation programs, space based and ground based. But in general, I think we look at that as a stable, not a big growth business, fairly flat. Its been down this year versus last year but the third component which is our digital imaging DALSA up in Canada, there were making some real progress. Weve got some new management. We have -- the bigger market there is the midrange cameras and we have a lot of products there. We have smart camera software, and thats where our x-ray business is too. And x-rays, our life sciences business is doing really well. And then finally we do have a lidar business which is laser-based range finding business. We just really took all of that on recently and weve changed management and we expect that to also improve. So with all of this, I think 2016 we think while it may be slow growth, we think itd be okay. We think longer term, between all of that and our infrared businesses, thats a great business for us.
Michael Ciarmoli: And then just the last one, I guess two housekeeping ones. On 2016, is there any buyback factored into the earnings outlook youve given?
Robert Mehrabian: No.
Michael Ciarmoli: And then what about pension for next year?
Robert Mehrabian: Pension actually I think this year is going to be -- while the discount rate is up, the rate of return I think will be down because of you see whats happening to the market. So, I think its going to be relatively flat.
Operator: And well next go to the line of Howard Rubel with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Howard Rubel: A couple of things, Robert. First, could you talk -- you always tend to think in long term, so where are you spending a little bit of your R&D dollars and how is that aligning with the customer? I mean I can see -- just throw this open a little bit, I can see the Department of Defense thinking a lot more about marine and naval opportunities than it has and also about long-range strike than it has, and youve got a couple of capabilities there. So, could you elaborate on that please?
Robert Mehrabian: First, while I do think long-term, I also worry about quarters, as you well know. But having said that, there is really -- there are in the marine space, let me start there, we spend money on products that -- next generation products including connectors that will take very high powered, high pressure environments. We also get -- surprisingly we get $15 million of investment in our marine R&D from our customers, even today. We also are worried about -- not worried, were trying to be prepare ourselves for replacements for the Ohio class submarines, and because we have such a strong position there. Actually in one business which is our ODI business, I mean our DGO business, we had about Im going to say $15 million decrease in our oil and gas business. We made it all up and then some with our connectors that go through the hull of submarines. So, we make investments there. Additionally one area that we are kind of working on pretty hard is position navigation and time products for the future, in the long-term. We do have chip-scale atomic clock, small atomic clock, which weve invested heavily and weve got it go into production this year. We wont make money at it this year but I know well make money at it next year. We have a MEMS gyro that weve developed here thats now in our MEMS factory in Canada. And we are going to manufacture that. And so, I think the whole position navigation time arena is an area we invest in. We are also investing in new products in our T&M businesses, test and measurement, especially in electric motor drives or a nuclear valve test and a lot of money also going into our new products for DALSA imaging. We also have, as you may know this very well, we do have sole source positions for data acquisitions, so systems on the Boeing aircraft for the next dozen years. And we are spending quite a bit of money to make sure that we both meet their expectations and hold our sole source position in that market. So all-in-all, we spend about $170 million of our money. We get another $100 million externally for R&D. Lets say together, over $250 million a year which is maybe $270 million, which is 12% of our revenue. So, I think youre right. We are spending a lot of money but its spent because we expect new products in the future.
Howard Rubel: And then so, I wont let you off on the quarterly comments. Marine actually was a little bit better than we would have thought and it looks -- when we look around though, the bottom hasnt been reached yet. Can you provide a little bit of context about how you are thinking about planning and what your customers are doing or how you are thinking about surpluses of inventory, and so how it will work itself out?
Robert Mehrabian: Now, youve touched on an area that keeps us up at night. Our customers are obviously suffering, especially the offshore market, as well as the onshore fracking is down significantly. If you looked at 2015, the oil and gas part of our marine businesses, which is not all the marine, all the marine is about $600 million. The oil and gas part of it was about $340 million, $350 million. We think thats going to go down significantly. And were planning on it to go down maybe as much as $100 million, next year -- this year. And we think the reason for that is very simple that -- you know all the reasons, oil price, everything. But having said that, we also have businesses in the oil and gas that are onshore. Heres what I think will happen. I dont know when the oil prices will turn but turn, they will. If you look at the history, the oscillations in oil prices, they are almost as low as theyre now in 2008, 2009 timeframe. They will turn. When it does what I think will happen, some of the stuff, especially on land where we have a significant presence, it will go very fast because getting those rigs started doesnt have a big energy barrier, and I know people in the industry that expect that. So, were preparing ourselves for that and we are also increasing our R&D effort in not just Christmas trees but manifolds, underwater manifolds where we think we not only have a great market share but we will gain market share. So, what were doing is were anticipating short-term significant declines. Well pick some of that up with our government businesses. So, on the average the marine business will be down but not as much as oil and gas. But maybe the $50 million that I mentioned in the whole instruments will come from there. But I think in the long-term, when it does come back, were going to be positioned really well.
Operator: And will go now to line of Steve Levenson with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steve Levenson: Thanks, good morning everybody. In terms of consolidation in your instrumentation business, is that at all like aerospace where you need customer approval or is it something you can pretty much do as you see fit?
Robert Mehrabian: Fortunately, Steve its something we can do ourselves. What weve done is if you take the marine businesses we have 24 businesses in marine. We had 2,500 employees in marine when we started the year. We have already taken 350 folks off which is about 14%, I believe. Additionally, weve taken people out of other areas because total -- all-in-all weve taken -- we have had to let about 655 people go. But in marine, its taken a big chunk of it. Second, we took the 24 businesses and consolidated them in the person management and one development, one sales and marketing team. And we have taken a lot of money out of this dispersed leadership. Weve taken a lot of supply chain out, SG&A out, and were consolidating facilities all over the world, both in the U.S. as well as overseas. When we come out of this, well come out of it much stronger, much tighter, and much more efficient. And I think well be fine. We dont need anybodys permission to do anything in this domain. And we also are investing as I said before, not only in submarine and other things in the marine domain but we are also investing in autonomous underwater vehicles. So all-in-all, our biggest consolidation in instrumentation is in the marine area.
Steve Levenson: In terms of concerns over global economic conditions, are you seeing more M&A opportunities come out or are the prices any more favorable? And if your liquidity position, I would guess you could be aggressive if that was the case.
Robert Mehrabian: Absolutely, we can be aggressive. Yes. Its interesting, some of the smaller public companies, reality has not yet sank in. Some of them, their stocks are down 50%, 60%, 70% and theyre still thinking they should have multiples of 30 or 40 when their multiples right now are about 25 or so with hardly any earnings. So reality, it takes a little time but I think eventually it will set in. And when it does, well acquire companies there. On the private companies, we have better luck there because these are entrepreneurs that want to sell their companies to someone thats not going to gut them, they are not going to change the name, they are going to keep their people, and weve done very well there. In that area, I think well make some acquisitions.. We have some in the pipeline right now. But we have to be very careful not to overpay, especially where our stock is today. If you look at our stock today, Steve, were trading at about 9, 9.2, 9.3 times EBITDA. If we make an acquisition at 9.2, 9.3, then it would be slightly accretive and be somewhat accretive initially, primarily because -- our experience is we take about 25% to 30% in intangible amortization, but if we improve the bottom line 50% as weve done with DALSA in Canada, then it becomes really accretive. It can be as much as $0.12, $0.13, $0.14 accretive. So, we have to be very careful about that. If we buy a company thats got with it 13 to 14 multiple EBITDA, then we need to increase the profitability 100% just to break even. So thats our dilemma.
Steve Levenson: Last one, also on marine instrumentation. Is there a market for replacement here that you think will pick up? I know on some of the other calls, Ive heard something similar to what you said that when energy turns around it will be abrupt.
Robert Mehrabian: I believe so, especially on the land based systems. In the deep ocean systems what we have is longer term contracts. Some of them are going to go on even under the present condition because commitments have been made, and you cant just stop -- you cant stop progress when youve got $10 billion committed and you have already started the work. But there are other areas, especially in the exploration area. For example, there are only two players in the world that make airguns. Airguns are what generates the acoustic wave that goes to the ocean floor and comes back; we won. We bought that company Bolt and we have our facilities in this country. The only other competitor is a company in France. So, when that comes back, its going to be between the two of us and I expect well make a lot of money at it. Thats an example.
Operator: We will now go to the line of George Godfrey with CLK. Go ahead please.
George Godfrey: I wanted to ask about the repurchase program and the authorization for 3 million shares. You said theres no share buyback planned in the 16 guidance. What timeframe do you envision starting that buyback for the number of years you plan to complete it?
Robert Mehrabian: George, let me -- Sue might be able to help me here but let me just say, I think we have to weigh buybacks with acquisitions. The fact is right now we are -- we have capacity to between what we generate in cash this year, lets say $200 million to $250 million, plus the line of credit that we have and we really want to stay below debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.5. We might go a little higher temporarily but we always like to put it in that domain at the high and. Thats the high end. Right now were closer to 2.1. So having said that our first preference is acquisitions. We think that well buy some shares back in 2016. If you ask me how many shares, I cant tell you right now but we will buy some shares. Thats why we got the authorization. But well weigh the share buyback with the acquisitions. The kind of attraction, kind of a funny way of describing it of buying back shares is that its accretive and its accretive right away. But youve got to be prudent about that and balance that against acquisitions, which will not only grow their top line but will contribute additional EBITDA to improve your debt to EBITDA ratio. So the long answer is well buy back some shares, I dont know how much. We certainly -- last year we bought a lot of shares back. I think we bought about $250 million, $240 million worth of shares. I dont think well go that far right now but we might buy back, I dont know, $50 million.
George Godfrey: And if I could just follow-up on, you talked about the M&A activity or acquisition pipeline and in recent years its really focused on the instrumentation side of your business within the four segments. Do you see, going after other areas in the acquisition activities going 16 and 17 or one particular area or across the board?
Robert Mehrabian: I think we might buy some software stuff in the marine domain. I dont think well invest in oil and gas for a while. We may invest in our test and measurement. That business, while its down a little bit year-over-year, its the margins, since we bought LeCroy, as an example, the margins have improved almost 250 basis points and its contributing about 20% EBITDA to us -- to our bottom line. So I like that area as one. Another area would be in digital imaging, especially life sciences-related area. And the last area that Id mentioned that we are attracted to is the whole area of environmental instrumentation. We were very aggressive in that area in the early 2000s and then prices got totally out of line. So, we kind of had to get on the sideline for a while. I think things are coming back more to normalcy there. That area is also attractive to us.
George Godfrey: Just one last one, CapEx this year $47 million, $43.5 million a year ago; $50 million a reasonable estimate for CapEx in 2016?
Robert Mehrabian: Ill let Sue address that.
Sue Main: Were tracking around $50 million to $60 million.
George Godfrey: 50 to 60? Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Will go now to the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James. Go ahead, please.
Chris Quilty: I had a question on pricing, but not M&A but on product pricing and competitive discounts that you might be seeing. How is the pricing environment holding up across each of the different business segments?
Robert Mehrabian: When we sell things in China, we used to have to take a lot of discount, especially in environmental instrumentation. Interestingly, now that has stabilized. I was just going to start by saying the instrumentation is taking a lot of price hit. But right now that has stabilized because the Chinese environmental quality, air quality laws have been tightened so much that they need really high end instruments, and we dont have to really compete with locally produced instruments. In the test and measurement, there is always price pressure, especially in our oscilloscope business. In A&D, I dont think we have much price competition. We actually are doing really well especially in our aerospace and as well as our government programs. I would say in oil and gas, were taking some hits in our prices but I think overall Id say were neutral.
Chris Quilty: So, the pricing environment has remained stable throughout 2015 and you expect it to remain stable in terms of the trend line in 16?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, other than just FX that -- you never know whats going to happen to the dollars. And if that starts going down that will help us; if it starts going up again that will hurt us. But other than that, I think its fairly neutral.
Chris Quilty: The FX was actually my next question, which is -- can you just remind us which areas have the most exposure to FX movements?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I can do that. I think the highest exposure is in our instruments and the estimated impact to our revenues were about 3% last year in 15. Digital imaging would be next Id say about 1%. In aerospace and defense much less, maybe 0.3%, and in engineered systems nil. So overall, last year Id say our revenues suffered 1.5% because of FX, the most being in instruments followed by digital imaging.
Chris Quilty: And you had those memorized, right?
Robert Mehrabian: I have everything handed to me by my good friend, Jason. But I do have them memorized too.
Chris Quilty: Great, thanks.
Robert Mehrabian: You bet, Chris.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue from the telephone lines. Please proceed.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Alan. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And thanks everyone for joining us this morning. And of course, if you have follow up questions, please call me at the number listed on the earnings release, and of course all our earnings releases and the web replay are available on our website. Alan, if you could conclude the call and provide the dial in number? Thank you.
Operator: Absolutely. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay beginning at 10 am Pacific Standard Time today, which is February 4, 2016, for one month until March 4, 2016 at 11:59 pm. To access the AT&T Executive Playback service during that time dial 1-800-475-6701 or area code 320-365-3844, and enter the access code 373403. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and area code 320-365-3844, and again the access code is 373403. That will conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - SVP, Strategy and Mergers & Acquisitions Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President, and CEO Susan Main - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Greg Konrad - Jefferies Mark Jordan - Noble Financial Group Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets George Guthrie - C.L. King & Associates
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Teledyne Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. Now I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President Strategy and M&A at Teledyne, and I want to welcome everyone to Teledyne's third quarter earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market-open. Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman, President, and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Executive Vice President and COO, Al Pichelli; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. Of course, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And, yes, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast, and the replay both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Before commenting on the results, I would like to say a few words about the adjustment to our earnings outlook that we made earlier this month. At the time of our last earnings call on July 30, monthly sales were healthy and orders were reasonable, with a book to bill of just over one in July. As the quarter progressed, August sales were seasonally weak, which was not a surprise. However, while September improved from August, sales of marine and electronic and personal measurement instrumentation did not recover as planned and were lower than previously forecast. While we expected and achieved a sequential increases in sales of digital imaging systems and aerospace and defense electronics, contraction in the aforementioned instrumentation businesses consumed more than the incremental profit. Hence, we should revise our outlook. Despite weaker revenue and increased cost reduction charges, GAAP -- and I emphasize GAAP -- operating margin improved from last year and was the highest level so far in 2015. GAAP earnings per share of $1.34 decreased from last year's $1.47. However, I should note that greater severance charges, pension expense and taxes, netted against the reduced share count, collectively accounted for approximately $0.06 per share of year-over-year headwind. Third-quarter sales of $555.4 million declined 7.6% compared to last year primarily due to lower sales in our instrumentation segment as well as timing of certain deliveries in our engineered systems segment. Foreign currency translation primarily impacted our instrumentation and digital imaging segment, but acquisitions helped more than offset this decline. Sales to international customers decreased due to lower demand for marine and test and measurement instrumentation as well as foreign currency translation. However, total sales to Asia increased modestly, given strong sales of its environmental instrumentation and aerospace and defense electronics. We are continuing to take aggressive cost-reduction measures, and we have reduced total headcount by 5.4%, or by 531 employees year to date, in response to some challenging markets. Furthermore, the Company's full-year 2015 outlook includes estimated pre-tax severance charges totaling approximately $8 million. At the same time, we have completed approximately $200 million worth of acquisition and share repurchases through the mid-third quarter, and we announced this morning another planned share repurchase of approximately $100 million. I will now comment on our business segment, after which Sue Maine will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2015. Turning to our instrumentation segment, third-quarter sales decreased 13.3% from last year's. Sales of marine instrumentation decreased 18.5% due to a significant and expected year-over-year decline in sales of geophysical sensors used for offshore energy exploration as well as interconnect systems, or land-based energy applications, and some marine sensors and systems. Sales of interconnect systems to the offshore energy production industry remain relatively resilient. In the environmental domain, sales increased about 2% and reflected strong demand for ambient air gas analyzers and emission monitoring systems used in pollution control applications, partially offset by decreased sales of some laboratory instrumentation. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems declined 16.2%, where sales to Europe, excluding currency, performed reasonably well. But Asia, especially China, witnessed the greatest decline. However, margins for these products continue to improve as they have done in the past, increasing year over year despite the lower revenue. GAAP segment operating profit declined, and operating margin decreased 85 basis points due to lower sales as well as cost-reduction charges. Turning to digital imaging segment, third-quarter sales increased slightly compared to last year primarily due to greater sales on commercial digital imaging systems, including machine vision cameras, x-ray sensors and sources, and laser-based mapping systems. These were largely offset by lower sales of infrared imaging systems and from US government RFP contracts. GAAP operating profit increased 31.6% and operating margin increased 260 basis points. Turning to the aerospace and defense electronics segment, third-quarter sales decreased slightly from last year but increased sequentially as expected. While U.S. Government sales declined year over year, our commercial avionics business continues to perform very well. GAAP operating profit increased 8.8%, and operating margin was 130 basis points higher than last year. Due to our cost-reduction effort, we expect to maintain the improved margins in the balance of the year. Turning to the engineered systems segment, third-quarter revenue decreased 11.1%, and operating profit decreased 255 basis points. Sales reflected lower revenue from marine manufacturing programs due in part to timing, which we expect to recover in the fourth quarter. In addition, lower sales of fixed-price energy system products such as commercial hydrogen generators and turbine engines impacted margins, as did additional pension expense. In summary, Teledyne continues to benefit from our balanced business portfolio and ongoing emphasis on cost control and strong operating discipline. Over the last three years, we have reduced our manufacturing footprint by approximately 8% and our workforce by over 1,600, or over 16%, at a cost to Teledyne of over $30 million. Until this year, most of the permanent reductions in our cost structure were made in our government businesses. As a result, and in combination with strong performance in the commercial aerospace market, we reported record operating margin in our aerospace and defense electronics segments. And we expect margins to improve further as the defense market begins to recover. Our response to the current market challenges is consistent with the past -- stabilize revenue and consolidate facilities and businesses to improved margins. At the same time, we will leverage our unique technology and scale in key markets to develop new products and gain market share. We also remain focused on acquisitions, which is a core competency of Teledyne. However, we have balanced capital deployment which share repurchases, especially at times when Teledyne's valuation is attractive. I will now turn the call over to Sue Main.
Susan Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our fourth-quarter and full-year 2015 outlook. In the third quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $73.5 million, compared with cash flow of $80.2 million for the same period of 2014. The lower cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter of 2015 primarily reflected lower net income and higher income tax payments. Free cash flow -- that is, cash from operating activities less capital expenditures -- was $63.2 million in the third quarter of 2015, compared with $71.1 million in 2014. Capital expenditures were $10.3 million in the third quarter, compared to $9.1 million for the same period of 2014. Depreciation and amortization expense was $21.9 million in the third quarter, compared to $23.5 million for the same period of 2014. We ended the quarter with $641.2 million of net debt; that is, $712.7 million of debt and capital leases, less cash of $71.5 million, for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 31.1%. On August 27, we priced $125 million of senior unsecured notes at a weighted average fixed rate of 3.19%. The notes will be issued on November 5. Furthermore, as Robert mentioned, we plan to enter into a new accelerated share repurchase agreement of approximately $100 million pursuant to our current share repurchase authorization, of which 1.4 million shares remain. In the third quarter of 2015, gross GAAP pension expense was $1 million, compared with gross pension income of $0.3 million in the same period of 2014. Stock-option compensation expense was $2.6 million in the third quarter of 2015, compared with $3.9 million in the third quarter of 2014. Finally, turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2015 will be in the range of $1.25 to $1.30 per share. We are increasing our full-year 2015 earnings-per-share outlook to $5.13 to $5.18 from a prior outlook of $5.10 to $5.17. The 2015 full-year effective tax rate, excluding discrete items, is expected to be 30.8%. I do want to emphasize a few items regarding our current 2015 outlook compared to 2014. First, greater pension expense due to a discount rate decrease of 90 basis points and changes in mortality assumptions, as well as increased severance cost, collectively impacted 2015 by approximately $0.15 per share. Second, 2014 results benefited from significant discrete tax items and the 2014 R&D tax credit, which is not currently effective for 2015, as well as the lower tax rate. Collectively, these items generate approximately $0.30 per share of headwind for 2015 compared to 2014. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. Before we start the questions-and-answers period, I wanted to note that I have personally 35,000 options that will expire in January 2016. I intend to exercise these options and use the net after-tax proceeds to buy and hold underlying shares. We would now like to take your questions. Paul, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Konrad: Just wanted to start out with a two-part question. You mentioned the balanced capital deployment approach. I guess the first question tied to that is how should we think about your current capacity given leverage going forward. And then as a follow-up to that, have you seen any change to the M&A market given the weakness you saw in September?
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Greg. First, let me speak to the stock repurchase and the capacity. I would just note that our preference is always acquisitions. We -- after exercising the $100 million exonerated repurchase that we have, our debt to EBITDA will be about 2.1. On the other hand, by the end of the year we expect that to drop to 1.9. So the $100 million that we're going to use now is really slightly less than two quarters of our cash flow. So we have a lot of capacity since our debt-to-EBITDA covenants don't kick in until 3.25. We will not probably never go that high. But, having said that, we do have capacity to borrow anywhere between $600 million and $700 million with our current line of credit. So let me put that one and answer the second question. We have a group of companies that we're looking at -- smaller companies. We have also, as I mentioned last time -- we looked at some larger companies at the same time. Unfortunately, what we're finding is that the larger companies have -- the ones that at least we have studied have a lot of problems. And it would increase our revenue, but it would not be accretive to our earnings for a reasonably long time. So we are a little cautious with that. On the smaller company side, you have to have patience because a lot of these companies are run by entrepreneurs that have built up the companies, and it takes a reasonably long time of reporting before we are successful. But I expect that we will keep buying bolt-on acquisitions while we at the same time look at some larger acquisitions. I hope that answers your question, Greg.
Greg Konrad: It was great and just one more. Admiral Caldwell, in his speech, he mentioned the importance for the Navy investing in undersea drones. Just wondering where you see the opportunities in that market and maybe some of the progress you've made.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with, first, the manned undersea vehicles for the Navy. As you know, we have a newest underwater, shallow-water combat vehicle for our special forces in development at Teledyne. We have a fairly large program for that. The first boat, which is the engineering model boat, is complete and it's undergoing sea trials at this time. Very successful sea trials, I should note. So, building on our various undersea vehicles, both tethered and untethered, we've been successful in developing a new vehicle for the special forces which will have a long duration of a first low-rate initial production and then others increased productions. We also have underwater sole-source drones, vehicles called gliders, for the Navy. These are the literal battle space glider program, LBS program, and that is -- records the Navy uses it to measure water temperature, depth to enable to do -- in salinity enable to accurately measure sound velocity. And we have a lot of our sensor contents in all of the vehicles I just mentioned. Finally, there is a very large program -- Navy program that will probably be an RFT that will be issued, and that's a larger underwater vehicle -- a manned underwater vehicle. And we anticipate that we would be a participant in applying for that program.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Operator: Question from Mark Jordan with Noble Financial. Please go ahead.
Mark Jordan: Good morning, Robert. Question relative to the marine instruments segment. You obviously saw a decline in Q3 versus Q2. When do you think that segment of the business will stabilize?
Robert Mehrabian: I think -- because the segment has different parts to it, let me see if I can address the different parts. Overall, I would say it's fairly stable. I expect some declines in that segment next year primarily because of the effect of energy and the fact that almost most of our exploration businesses would go away. So I think it's pretty much, Mark, stabilized because while we expect decreases in our energy -- assuming production as well as exploration, I think we expect some other pickups in the instrumentation business. One of the facts that we haven't talked about too much is that in our instrumentation business, especially in the marine domain, we have been able to shift a lot of our work into the defense arena. For example, we have one small company, DGO, in New Hampshire that has revenues of about $45 million. They lost about 40% of their energy products, which are penetrators, or metal glass seal penetrators, for oil wells at the bottom of the ocean. They lost a lot of that business, but they made it all up in their business in penetrators using submarines. So they are stable year over year. And we have a whole bunch of other things going on we have within our gliders being used by the United Kingdom Ministry of Defense. As I mentioned, of course, our own. And we're using some of our [indiscernible] that are used for energy exploration for the U.S. Navy, who are obviously looking for sonar sounds. So, overall, I think we're going to have some expected decrease in our energy marine businesses. But I think we will pick it up some other places. I think we might see some modest declines in instrumentation, but I think we are -- we think we've fairly well stabilized that business for now and next year, and hopefully we will be well-set for significant growth as oil prices begin to recover.
Mark Jordan: Okay. Second question relative to severance, you mentioned in aggregate about an $8 million expenditure in 2015. I was wondering looking into 2016, do you have any meaningful strategic moves and consolidations? Like I guess in the past, you moved some of your defense business out of California and centralized it in a lower-cost environment. Do you have any significant shifts planned for 2016, or should we expect that severance number to come down in 2016?
Robert Mehrabian: I think the severance number itself will come down. We do expect further consolidation, especially in our marine businesses. We have now put all 23 of our products and businesses in marine under one umbrella, led by Mike Read, who leads our oil and gas businesses. And we expect to do some more facility manufacturing consolidation there in areas like in Houston, Texas, and in Aberdeen in the UK. So we're going to continue facility consolidation, but I don't expect that this from what we know that there is a lot of future reductions in force.
Mark Jordan: Okay. Final question from me. The notes that you are placing in early November, is that to fund a $100 million buyback and therefore we should assume that all of that occurs in the first half of November?
Robert Mehrabian: The notes are really -- those were planned earlier. Those were part of our long-term plan of spreading our debt that -- our term debt. Spread them out over many years, and they don't suddenly mature. We paid off a certain amount in September, so this new one can kind of replace that. The money for the repurchase really comes from our line of credit. And that one, we use for stock repurchase. And as we make cash -- as we generate cash. As I said, we generate more than $100 million in two quarters. Then we just pay down the debt, because that one you can draw and pay down readily, whereas fixed-term debt is something that matures over time.
Mark Jordan: Should we take, therefore, the stock out of our calculations, say, as of mid-November?
Robert Mehrabian: I think that would be accurate, Mark.
Mark Jordan: Thank you.
Operator: Question from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham and Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to just ask you about the digital imaging business, the sequential improvement that you showed, which I guess came more from commercial applications. And I just think that's kind of interesting just given the overall economic environment. What's the outlook, Robert, for this business as you look out over the next couple of quarters?
Robert Mehrabian: I think it's pretty good, Jim. The reason is that we have been introducing new products there. And we -- as you know from prior discussions with you, we have a brand-new set of products in our x-ray businesses. Our CMOS products are very well received in the marketplace, and both in the operating domain as well as in the central domain, and so we're making some progress there. Now, also, you may recall we did purchase a small company that produces portable x-ray generators to go with our sensors, and that has helped. So I think it's a group of products. And then some of our work in the laser, pulse laser, LIDAR imaging, accurate three-dimensional imaging -- some of those, we have introduced new products, and they are picking up. And so I would say x-ray, new CMOS cameras, as well as some LIDAR products are continuing. And I'm hoping that in the future, our uncooled products would also have a positive impact. So I'm pretty positive. Just as importantly, Jim, what we really worked very hard to do is improve the margins, which is our Canadian operations. And those margins have been continuously improving. The same, as I said, in test and measurement, the same things happening there, too.
Jim Ricchiuti: And Robert, just on the topic of operating margins, looking at engineered systems, should we assume now that -- it sounds like you are expecting a little bit of a pickup in revenues in that area maybe related to timing of projects. But should we assume that the operating margins in engineered systems start picking up and potentially get back into the double digits?
Robert Mehrabian: I think in Q4 I expect we would -- our margins would pick up. They might even get close to double-digit. But, overall, the business that we have in engineered systems over time, it's a government business. Those are government products that -- primarily that we make. And I think the margins are going to be less than 10%. That's just the nature of the business. On the other hand, we do have some really nice, stable, long-term programs like the shallow-water combat vehicle that I mentioned. We have NASA programs. We also have the upcoming multi-user, space-based -- international space-based camera devices. So over the long term, I think we would have fairly stable revenue, but not exceptionally high margins.
Jim Ricchiuti: Okay. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Question from Steve Levenson with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steve Levenson: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Levenson: Robert, you mentioned that you would reduce footprint and headcount at a cost of $30 million. But what are the annual savings resulting from those costs?
Robert Mehrabian: For 2015 -- well, the actions we have taken in 2015, which is not all of what you just mentioned, that goes back three years. For 2015, I think our annual savings are -- approximate -- the annualized going forward of the order of $25 million or so. Frankly, Steve, that's why with reduced revenue -- declined revenue -- we said over 7% this quarter versus last year -- our margins have actually moved up a little bit. As you know, to get revenue done, you have fixed costs. If you don't introduce cost savings, the margins are obviously going to decline. We have actually been able to improve margins year over year, and this is the highest operating margin for 2015. That was the result of those cost savings.
Steve Levenson: Got it, thank you. Second of all, on some of the reduced sales in Asia, if I understood that correctly, does some of that have to do with actual lower demand, or do you think some of it relates to the directed spending from governments over there?
Robert Mehrabian: I don't know. There is lower demand, and then there's some funky things that happen like suddenly you get the Chinese government devalue the currency in the middle of the quarter. And so I don't know whether it's because of the change in the foreign exchange rate or whether it's a basic demand reduction. I do know that in certain areas, like environmental instruments, especially the air quality, we've had gains in China. In other areas such as oscilloscopes test and measurement instrument, we have suffered because of the valuation. So it's a mixture. But I think demand in China is not what it used to be.
Steve Levenson: So it's more than just a timing difference; it's a little bit lower demand.
Robert Mehrabian: I think so.
Steve Levenson: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And we have a question from Michael Ciarmoli with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Robert, just within the energy market's instrumentation, can you talk about what you are seeing in the pricing environment? And I think you have said you are not really expecting much out of that business. But as we look at some of the big customers out there, the bookings really trending down, how much further down should we expect that offshore business to go next year?
Robert Mehrabian: I think -- let me just correct you. You said I'm not expecting much. I'm actually expecting a lot from that area once the energy prices change. But in the short term -- I'll take your question for the short term. I think the exploration area is the hardest hit, and it's going to remain so. I think that's the last area that will come back. We were down in our exploration business over 50% quarter to quarter this year versus last year. I expect that we did not do a whole bunch of that except for replacement of our streamers that are being used primarily because our customers are stacking their boats -- the exploration boats. On the production side, we've seen that some moderation in demand, and some of our customers are actually experiencing some upside in that demand. In response to that, we've done a couple of things to stabilize our business. I think we're going to see some pressure on the business, but we also stabilize that business by doing three things. First, we will cut costs. Very important. Because every oil production for service company is having to cut costs, and they're asking their suppliers to do the same. So that's the first thing. Second, with an increasing content, for example, we used to have on a given Christmas tree at the bottom of the ocean, our content was around $300,000. Nowadays, our content has gone up to almost $1 million. So we were taking market share. And lastly, we're introducing not only new products in the optical and electrical connections but also high-powered, high-pressure connectors. But also we're standardizing our products. I think what's happening in the industry is that there is a drive toward standardization of connectors -- undersea connectors, and we are the leaders in that area and we are doing that. So when you combine all of that, Mike, we're going to have some pressure from our production. I think our book to bill is not going to be one -- it may be 0.9 -- but I don't expect it to go down as drastically as exploration has. Having said all of that, listening to people who understand oil a lot better than I do, oil demand internationally is increasing somewhere between 1 billion to 1.5 billion barrels per day per year. Oil production is declining because of depletion of existing sources, but anywhere between 4 billion and 6 billion barrels per year. When you balance those two together, there has to be new oil production. The question is when. Is it going to be improving late 2016 or early 2017, or is it going to be later than that? Most people say it should start recovering in 2017. So we're kind of sizing our business and waiting until that happens. In the meantime, we are enjoying some good margins in those businesses.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. Thank you very much. That's all I had, guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure Mike.
Operator: We've a question from George Guthrie with CL King. Please go ahead.
George Guthrie: Thank you. Just a clarification, on the guidance for the Q4, the $1.25 to $1.30 in EPS, what are you using for a share count there?
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, our share count is 36.2. I think we are counting about that, maybe a little less than that, because of these repurchase because the exonerated repurchase won't go into effect until it happens. You won't cover the whole quarter. We are already a month into the quarter, as you know. So I'm thinking 36, maybe a little less, but not the whole repurchase.
George Guthrie: Okay, so that's the follow-on. So the whole repurchase is completed sometime by the end of the first quarter of next year?
Robert Mehrabian: Oh, no. I think we will do the repurchase this November. It's just that
George Guthrie: The whole $100 million?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, it's a whole $100 million. You realize 90% of it, so it depends on the stock price. You realize 90% of what you buy immediately; the rest of it trickles in later on. Having said that, if the stock price is, let's say, $90, then you get the -- a little over 1 million shares. Having said that, when you do your model, you should keep in mind, George, one very important fact. This year, we did not issue any stock options to our people. Anyone at Teledyne. It's our intention -- we can't keep doing that. It's our intention to issue stock options -- at least, the Board's intention to allow us to issue stock options in January. And that will use the significant amount of the share repurchase that we are doing -- we are going to do soon. So the shares will not go down as much as you model the future because we have issued probably over 500,000 shares of options.
George Guthrie: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Robert Mehrabian: All right operator, Paul. Thank you very much, everyone. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And, again, thanks, everyone, for joining. And certainly if you have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number listed on earnings release. Again, all of our news releases are available on our website. Operator, if you could end the conference call and provide the replay details for everyone, we would appreciate it. Thank you, and goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 AM Pacific time today through November 29 at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 366309. International participants dial 320-365-3844. And those numbers are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844, access code 366309. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T teleconference services. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - SVP, Strategy and Mergers & Acquisitions Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President, and CEO Susan Main - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Greg Konrad - Jefferies & Company, Inc. James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, Inc. Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets  Mark Jordan - Noble Financial Stephen Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by. And welcome to Teledyne Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only-mode. Later we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. Also as a reminder todays teleconference is being recorded.  And at this time, Ill turn the conference call over to your host Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead sir. 
Jason VanWees: Thank you, good morning everyone. This is Jason VanWees Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And Id like to welcome everyone to Teledynes second quarter earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market open. Joining us this morning are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and of our periodic SEC filings, and of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason and good morning, everyone. Following the first quarter of 2015, I mentioned that we were confident that Teledyne would achieve sequential improvement in earnings. In the second quarter, earnings per share increased 12% sequentially and revenue increase in all of our four business segments, even with greater currency headwind. GAAP earnings per share of $1.34 decreased from last years $1.47. However, I should note that greater non-operating diesel settlements received last year versus this year accounted for $5.3 million or $0.10 per share of year-over-year variance. Second quarter sales were $577.7 million and reflected the strong US dollar and negative currency translation, as well as expected declines in certain energy related markets. While these impacts were most concentrated in our instrumented segments. This segments operating profit increased and segment operating margin increased to 102 basis points compared to last year due to strong operating discipline.  I want to emphasize that while oil exploration related revenue decline year-over-year as expected. Our businesses related to offshore energy production increased and reported near record sales. Backlog also remained relatively healthy, with overall book-to-bill of approximately 0.9 across all of our marine instrumentation products. We continue to benefit from our balanced business portfolio, not just in our instrumentation segment, but across Teledyne due to the strength and diversity of our highly engineered products. While sales to some commercial markets declined, total U.S. government sales increased in the quarter. More broadly, after two years of contraction following the sequestration process and budget cuts, we believe weve reached an inflection point in our government businesses, which represent approximately 25% of total sales. In the second quarter our defense electronics businesses had the highest orders in two years, with strength in all major product categories. So despite lower sales in the first half, we expect growth in the second half. Furthermore, our engineered systems segment is growing and while there are more difficult comparisons in the second half, we expect to grow year-over-year even though we expect full year revenue this year from one of our flagship programs. The Shallow Water Combat Submersible vehicle to decrease slightly as we transition from engineering development to production in 2016. Foreign currency translation primarily impacted our instrumentation and digital imaging segments, but acquisitions helped medicate these declines. Sales to international customers primarily decreased due to currency translation, specifically while sales to Europe held the well despite currency we did note a decline in sales to Asia and South America across a number of our product lines. Finally, we remained nimble aggressively managing our cost structure and deploying capital judiciously. For example, we have reduced total headcount by 4.3% in the first half of 2015 in response to declines in some markets. At the same time weve completed approximately $200 million worth of acquisitions and shares repurchases year-to-date and our acquisition pipeline remains robust. I will now comment on our business segment, after which our CFO, Su Main will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the third quarter and full year 2015. Turning to the instrumentation segment, second quarter sales decreased 1.9% from last year. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 1% despite a significant expected year-over-year decline in sales of the geophysical sensors used for offshore energy exploration and the negative impact of foreign currency, which particularly impacted this group of businesses. As I mentioned previously sales to the offshore energy production industry remained very strong, a reasonable orders continued resulting stable backlog in businesses primarily serving this market. In the environmental domain, sales decreased 2.4% and reflected decreased sales of laboratory and field instrumentation offset by sales of air monitoring and process gas analyzers. Sales in electronic test and measurement systems declined with roughly half of the decline due to foreign currency translation. GAAP operating profit increased in the segment and operating margin as I mentioned improved 101 basis points, despite lower sales due to improved operating performance and strong cost control, across each major product category.  Turning to the digital imaging segment, second quarter sales decreased 12.4% compared to last year, primarily due to lower sales from government, U.S. Government research and development contract and reduced sales of specialty cameras for semiconductor and electronic inspection. These were partially offset by increased sales of machine vision cameras for general industrial applications and x-ray sensors for medical imaging. As in the first quarter the year-over-year decline in government research was largely caused by gaps in a number of governmental programs. That said, we believe weve hit the bottom of the trough, as an example the U.S. air force made a notification on June 25th on its intend to award Teledyne a sole source contract valued at approximately $30 million for additional air crew, laser eye protection spectacles. The prior phase of this program had ended in 2014 and we will be glad to resume full production later this year. Segment operating margin decreased and was 159 basis points lower than last year. Turning to our aerospace and defense electronics segment, second quarter sales decreased 3.4% while U.S. Government sales declined our commercial avionic business continue to perform very well. Operating profit declined to lower sales and lower margins in a number of defense electronics businesses. However, due to cost reduction efforts and strong bookings we expect continued sequential improvement in both sales and margins in this segment in the balance of the year.  Turning to the Engineered Systems segment, second quarter revenue increased 6.2%, but operating profit decreased, sales benefited from a great mix of marine and space manufacturing programs as well as higher sales of energy system products, such as commercial hydrogen generators. However, lower sales of fixed priced turbine engines and pension expense impacted margins. We also continue to invest in the development of a commercial space based imaging business based on our multiuser system for earth sensing or also knows as MUSES, earth observation platform. We currently expect MUSES to be operational on the international space station in 2016, with hyperspectral imagery beginning in 2017. And we were recently awarded a $15 million advance data purchase contract by NASA, which we resolved in some near-term cash flow as well as future revenue once our space base images become available. In summary, when we are faced with events that we cannot control like government sequestration, currency headwinds, lower oil prices or weakness in certain economies we immediately reduce variable cost to get ahead of the curve and we also permanently reduce fixed cost wherever necessary. Since 2012 on the sequestration challenges we have continuously reduced cost through consolidation and operational discipline. For example weve reduced our manufacturing footprint by 7% and our workforce by approximately 1,500 or over 15% at a total cost to Teledyne of almost $30 million. Prior to this year most of the permanent reductions in our cost structure were made within our government businesses. Now that we see the cycle improving, we expect additional margin improvement beyond that achieved over the last two years. Our response to the current market challenges is consistent with the past, but with the majority of 2015 cost actions centered in our instrumentation segment. As in all cases, we have refrained from the temptation to march down the slippery slope of non-GAAP so called onetime accounting invoke today. At the same time we are offering new products through R&D and expanding our markets through acquisitions outside the United States where we can use the strong dollars to our advantages. Finally we have the necessary discipline, the unique technologies, the manufacturing knowhow, a good cash flow and a strong balance sheet to deliver outstanding GAAP earnings now and maintain our lower cost structure during future growth. I will now turn the call over to Su Main. 
Susan Main: Thank you, Robert and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our third quarter and full year 2015 outlook. In the second quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $59 million compared with cash flow of $95 million for the same period of 2014. The lower cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter of 2015 primarily reflected lower net income $5.8 million and expected change in control severance payments and higher income tax payment. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $45.4 million in the second quarter of 2015, compared with $86.1 million in the same period of 2014. Capital expenditures were $13.6 million in the second quarter, compared to $8.9 million for the same period of 2014. Depreciation and amortization expense was $22.8 million in the second quarter, compared to $23.4 million for the same period of 2014. We ended the quarter with $704 million of net debt, that is $765.3 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $61.3 million for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 33.5%. Turning to our pension and stock compensation expense, in the second quarter of 2015 growth GAAP pension expense was $1.1 million, compared with growth pension income of $0.4 million in the same period of 2014. Stock option compensation expense was $3.3 million in the second quarter of 2015, compared with $3.6 million in the second quarter of 2014.  Finally turning to our outlook. Management currently believe that GAAP earnings per share in the third quarter of 2015 will be in the range of $1.45 to $1.48 per share. We are maintaining full year 2015 earnings per share of approximately $5.60 to $5.65. The 2015 full year effective tax rate excluding discrete items is expected to be 29.5%. I do want to emphasize a few items regarding our 2015 outlook compared to 2014. First, our pension assumptions include a discount rate decrease of 90 basis points and changes in mortality assumptions, which will increase non-cash pension expense in 2015. Second, 2014 results benefited from greater net legal settlements, significant discrete tax items and the 2014 R&D tax credit, which is not currently effective for 2015, as well as a slightly lower tax rate. While our current 2015 outlook include some estimated discrete tax items in the third quarter, we expect these to be partially offset by additional reduction enforce and facilities relocation cost. I will now pass the call back to Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Su. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if youre ready to proceed with questions and answers. Please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Greg Konrad: Good morning.
Susan Main: Good morning, Greg. 
Greg Konrad: Just looking at the outlook, just by my calculation, it looks like you have about 150 basis point margin improvement in the second half of the year relative to the first, and you kind of went over some of the moving pieces. I was hoping if you could just give a little bit more of an outlook and where some of those improvements come from?
Robert Mehrabian: I think youre essentially correct, maybe that some of that the big chunk of that is going to come in our aerospace and defense electronics. As I indicated, we have significant improvements in our defense electronics orders and we expect that those -- and with the concurrent cost reductions that we did in the past few years to enable us to improve margins.  The second segment that I think margin improvement would be effective is -- affected would be in our digital imaging. Were right now in the process of decreasing further cost reductions in that segment and we expect sequential margin improvement as we go through the rest of the year. So I would emphasize those are the two primary segments that we expect the margin improvements.
Greg Konrad: Thank you. And then just on the turbine engines, was there a contract that rolled off or is that just a temporary alignment in shipments?
Robert Mehrabian: Primarily its the same contract, they go in lots and it depends on whether the customer has the need for the engines and whether the final customer, which is the government is pulling the missiles up. Its a gap in not a huge gap, but its nevertheless a slowdown in our shipments. We ship both JASSM engines, which are joint air to surface missile engines and we also ship harpoon engines that primarily now go to our military sales and both of those have some gaps and we think thats also going to be weaker in Q3 and perhaps improve next year.
Greg Konrad: Thanks. And then just last in terms of -- you mentioned the restructuring and the headcount reductions, what was the cost in the quarter and the full year?
Robert Mehrabian: In the full year to-date the cost is approximately $3 million and we think it will go up probably to over $5 million the rest of the year for the full year, because we are still doing restructuring as I mentioned in two of our segments, both instruments and digital imaging. Last year the cost reduction was about the same. This is just for the reduction in people. So I think the facility consolidation is an addition to that.
Greg Konrad: Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Jim Ricchiuti from Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
James Ricchiuti: Hi, thank you. You gave some color on how we should think about growth in the defense portion of the business aerospace and defense portion. I think also you are expecting, I guess some modest growth in engineered systems, If I heard you correctly. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about how we might think about the instrumentation and digital imaging business in the second half?
Robert Mehrabian: I got to look at the second half numbers. Let me start with the full year for a second if I may Jim.
James Ricchiuti: Sure.
Robert Mehrabian: I think for the full year right now we expect instrumentation to be down about a 1%. I think digital imaging would follow between 1% to 1.2%. I think aerospace and defense electronics should be up about 1% and perhaps the engineered system by about a couple of percent for the year. And so in total I think if you look at our sales outlook organically at least we should be relatively flat for the year.
James Ricchiuti: Got it, thats helpful. You mentioned a decline in the electronic instrumentation business, how much was the LeCroy business was down?
Robert Mehrabian: It was down just over 10%, half of it is certainly currency related and half of it is just a sales decline and we think that we are going to see pressure in that domain anyways as we go forward. I think some of our competitors that we know one of them that were aware of has project a 13.5% decline in their revenue in Q3. The more important part is that were focusing on the higher margin niche products that and weve improved the bottom-line by about 7% in our test and measurement or 180 basis points from last year. By the way Jim, just on addendum it might be worth noting the same has happened in our digital imaging in Canada DALSA weve seen strong bottom-line improvements and expect those to continue.
James Ricchiuti: Got it. And lastly Robert if you could, to the extent you are able to, you mentioned fairly robust pipeline, is there any sense as to areas that you might be more focused on?
Robert Mehrabian: So Jim, one area that were keen on is being able to take a lot of data from our marine instrumentation and related businesses and develop that into set of data and image reader would available in the marketplace and this would be primarily non-oil and gas related. The other area that we like, as we kind of going back to some of our environmental businesses and looking at those businesses again. Really we started our acquisitions very aggressively in that domain, but they got very, very expensive. But now I think now some of that has moderated specially in the smaller companies that were interested in so were going to go back to those and we see some opportunities there Jim.
James Ricchiuti: Okay, thanks very much. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Michael Ciarmoli with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Hey, good morning guys, thanks for taking my questions. Robert just may be to stand on that theme of the second half, I mean, so it sounds like youve got better visibility into the defense electronic side, but operating income roughly flat first quarter to second quarter I mean there is a pretty big jump needed to get to that full year EPS number, I mean youre going to have EPS growth 22% over the first half, I mean are there any other onetime items lower tax or anything else that you see adding to that. I mean any other end markets that you see strengthen that might offset some of the weakening markets that were seeing?
Robert Mehrabian: I think were going to have a little bit of upside in discrete tax items this year, the second half. Nothing like we did last year except if the R&D tax passes, but weve not baked that into our projection. But we do have a little tax there, but mostly its margin improvement in areas where weve taken serious cost out. Some that we took out last two years like defense electronics some that we took out in the first half of the year and some that we are doing even now and expect to continue the rest of the year. So its a combination mostly its because of the market and cost reduction.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it. And then just lastly on that you guys sound really confident in that defense electronics and seeing may be a trough in that market in general, is there any risk at all around kind of the budget being delayed going into a continuing resolution. It seems like you guys have pretty good line of side into those revenue streams?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. There is always the danger with anything that relates to the government. Having said that, some of our orders that we have, for example in Traveling Wave Tubes which is one of our main state product our split between the U.S. Government and overseas government and our commercial aviation of course is a different story, but I think some of our programs have legs on and we feel okay about that, the government obviously anything can happen in the government. There is another part of our government businesses that we are kind of bullish about maybe not so much this year, but going forward and thats in our engineered systems where we have some really good programs in the government domain.
Michael Ciarmoli: Got it, thank you very much guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Mark Jordan with Noble Financial. Please go ahead. 
Mark Jordan: Good morning, Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning.
Mark Jordan: Question to the oil industry, obviously the exploration segment of the industry is immediately impacted by precipitous decline in oil prices, whereby the development work is more longer-term in nature, what visibility do you have as how win those the lower energy prices potentially impact your development spending?
Robert Mehrabian: Okay, great question Mark. As you said the seismic which is the discovery is done I am going to say over 30% and the other part of it land oil and gas that we play, which is production is down over 40%, but there we primarily supply cables and some connectors, in the water and also just energy in general, first we have good orders early this year. So we expect to be able to hold our own the remainder of this year we think the production may go down a little more than it already has, but we are in a way very fortunate in that we are gaining share, weve very aggressively reduced our cost in oil production, both in terms of supply chain and in terms of our own engineering and production cost. And lastly, we are bringing new products both in optical connectors, Ethernet connectivity as well as high pressure, high temperature connectors and since we own a lot of that market specially the optical connectivity market and have a pretty strong position probably over 50% in the electrical everybody to reduce cost the oil companies are striving for standardization and we will become then the factor standard in that domain. And there we also has processing the bottom of the ocean becomes much more robust they need more of our products, its a long of saying I think we will be okay in 15 in 16 probably we might go down a little bit everybody is projecting that 17 oil process will pick up as will production, but we are not counting on that right now we are reducing cost and hunkering down.
Mark Jordan: Okay. Could you have any comments as to what your customers are saying in the semiconductor and electronics marketplace? I mean everything I guess read over the last couple of months is that there has been under performance vis--vis expectations in the first half, any sense on what your customer base is looking for in the second half?
Robert Mehrabian: At least for us where, if we look at our for example, our DALSA cameras that serve that market. We had a slow first half in the electronic inspection market we expect to have some pick up in that domain because -- primarily because weve introduced new line scan products, which are coming out. The only other part of so called semiconductor market that we participate in Mark is really our MEMS foundries in Bromont, Canada and there our business is really good, because we produce a lot of censors for a variety of applications including stability applications, microphones in your iPads et cetera, et cetera. So as far as we are concerned we are doing okay there, also we do have some protocol test solutions for mobile devices, which are doing okay. So my visibility to the semiconductor market comes from those TWO different angles.
Mark Jordan: Okay, thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from George Guttery with CLK [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you for taking my question, and good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, George.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, Robert. First question, just thinking about the instrumentation business as we look forward to 2016, if I look at 2013 the average quarterly run rate was $255 million in Q1 of 2014 the instrumentation revenue was $260 million and then this quarter $271 million if I back out $9.5 million incremental sales on the acquisition that gets me around $260 million, is that the right way to think about the base line level and instrumentation being roughly $255 to $260 million looking forward assuming no more shocks in the system currency or otherwise?
Robert Mehrabian: I think George thats pretty good. I couldnt have said it better, thats pretty good. Of course wed always praying for positive shocks.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Robert Mehrabian: But we have to say that also assumes George no new acquisitions in that domain.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, absolutely. And then my second question is have you thought about what the Orion [ph] deal means for your business or had any feedback from the customers that you served both the ratification or acceptance of that deal means to your businesses?
Robert Mehrabian: The immediate effect is going to be obvious, there is going to be more oil coming onto the market. They are going to pump as hard and as fast as they can. Having said that, I think thats going to be a short-term effect for two reasons. In the long-term energy consumption is expected to grow by 30% in the next 20 years, driven by developing world. Second, as you look at wells and oil specifically there is a continuing decline in the amount of oil that people are able to pump from the wells that decline is estimated to be between 5% and 7%, if you take somewhere in between that 5 million barrels of oil per day per year. Thats just because oil wells, the productivity of the wells goes down, in fracking if not go down over the first two years by 50% or more in deep oil ocean it might go down over a five year period. But down that it goes there is no question about that. So when you combine those two facts and when you look at Saudis oil is 90% of their government revenue and they are burning through their foreign reserves since October I think its been close to $50 billion. Whats going to happen is there is other factors that are going to drive the price of oil up other than just on short-term uranium oil production.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, thank you. And then just lastly on the EPS guidance. Do you baked in any assumptions for share buyback in Q3 and Q4 with that guidance?
Robert Mehrabian: No.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks. Nice job on the management.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, George.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Next in queue is Steve Levenson with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Stephen Levenson: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Levenson: I know there is a lot of talk about M&A, but in the past youve considered selling units that may have matured and Im just wondering if I know you probably dont want to say what. But are there any things you are considering for sale now and what if so what do you think the proceeds might come in for? With the amount of the proceeds.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Steve. Right now I dont think I am in a selling mood I want to keep our revenue and spread our fixed cost across as much businesses as we can. There might come a day that we might to sell something, but right now I don't think so. I mean I am more of a buying mood Steve. 
Stephen Levenson: Okay, that sounds good. You were talking about the laser eye protection. What sort of commercial market or even within business jet market is there for that? I know there have been a number of incidence recently and we dont hear much about that product for the commercial market.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah that product is Steve is a hugely sophisticated product, without violating anything you can have as many as 150 deposition layers of different kinds. And its totally under ITAR control. So I dont think we can do that for any commercial markets plus its very expensive process. There is cheaper processes for that other people can use for the commercial market. But we dont know if anyone really using anything right now, because nothing bad has happened as far as I know recently.
Stephen Levenson: Okay, thanks. And just going back to M&A side again, given that the values might not be so good for selling does that mean there are some opportunities for you to fill some holes. Are there any holes that you feel you need to fill in some of the instrumentation product lines particularly? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes Steve, I think there are opportunities in the -- in some environmental instrumentation that some sample preparations, sample also obviously analysis, thats a very big field multiple types of processes. We own a significant chunk of that market, but there are significant number of other things that we are looking at. That would be if I had my druthers that would be one of our primary areas, but this whole area of being able to take consolidated look at all the imagery that we get and being able to develop and deliver that especially marine imagery. Thats another interesting area for us.
Stephen Levenson: Okay, last one I guess this one would be for Su; I hope I didnt miss that. You often say how much total liquidity you have available. Did you mention that or if not could you mention that please. 
Susan Main: No I didn't mentioned it we have at least $500 million to $700 million of already available.
Stephen Levenson: Got it, thank you very much. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Steve. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time there is no additional questions in queue. Please continue. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you operator. Ill now ask Jason to conclude the conference call. 
Jason VanWees: Thank you, Robert. And again thanks everyone for joining us this morning. If you have follow up questions of course please feel free to call me the number listed in the earnings release and all our news releases are available on our website Teledyne.com as well is the webcast. Operator if you could conclude toadys conference and provide the replay information wed appreciated.
Operator: Thank you very much. And ladies and gentlemen this conference will be available for replay after 10 AM Pacific Time today running through August 30th at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 359796. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Once again those phone numbers are 800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 using the access code of 359796. That does conclude your conference call for today. We do thank you for your participation and for using AT&Ts executive teleconference. You may disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - SVP, Strategy and Mergers & Acquisitions Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President, and CEO Susan L. Main - SVP and CFO Melanie S. Cibik - SVP, General Counsel, and Secretary
Analysts: Greg Konrad - Jefferies & Company, Inc. James A. Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, Inc. Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Christopher D. Quilty - Raymond James Associates Inc. Mark Jordan - Noble Financial
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions]. And as a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And Id like to welcome everyone to Teledynes first quarter earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning. Joining us today are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and of our periodic SEC filings, and of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Jason and good morning everyone. Teledynes reported first quarter sales of $565 million. Excluding the impact of foreign currency, sales were largely flat with last year. Due to continued operating discipline and cost reductions, GAAP operating margin increased 40 basis points to 11.9% and gross margin was at an all time record.  Despite lower revenue and a tax benefit of $0.06 per share in 2014, GAAP earnings per share were flat year-over-year. During the quarter, a number of technical and product introduction milestones were accomplished. We shipped our first uncalled or micro bolometers based infrared cameras that incorporate proprietary imaging algorithms. We have significant sales related to our new ultra high power subsea connectors. We successfully demonstrated state of the art guided musicians technology referred to as EXACTO. And we received the largest single after market avionics order in the company's history. Teledyne continues to have a broad and balanced portfolio of highly engineered products and our business is diversified and resilient to changes in specific end markets.  Given the old prices and more precisely excess exploration vessel capacity, we expected a decline in certain offshore energy markets. In January of this year we specifically mentioned that certain energy businesses such as geophysical sensors used in offshore oil exploration could decline as much as 25% to 35% in 2015. We continue to believe this will be the case but for a perspective this particular business represents less than 5% of Teledynes total revenue.  However, as all exploration related revenue declined year-over-year, our business related to offshore energy production reported record sales and the backlog remains healthy given strong orders for new product and market share gains. In other markets environmental instrumentation and avionics grew nicely from last year offsetting some declines in our U.S. government businesses. In the first quarter sales to the U.S. government which represented about 24% of total sales declined with much of the shortfall related to timing and orders and shipments and some gaps in ongoing programs.  Foreign currency translation primarily impacted our instrumentation and digital imaging segments, but acquisitions help mitigate these declines. In our commercial businesses, total sales increased slightly both in the U.S. and internationally. Reported revenue even net of FX translation was stable in all major global regions with a notable exception of Europe.  In the near-term we are not counting on a pickup in the global economy or a moderation in foreign currency headwinds. Also last year we benefitted by approximately $0.50 per share in earnings from tax benefit including the R&D tax credit as well as net legal settlement. Furthermore, despite freezing our non-qualified pension plan for the top 20 executives, non-cash pension expense has increased due to the lower discount rate in 2015. Because of these points we believe a more cautious view on sequential earnings improvement is prudent. And we have modestly adjusted our prior full year outlook by $0.11 a share or just shy of 2%.  Teledynes success depends on our ability to manage change, both operationally and strategically across our portfolio of businesses. In those businesses that are growing, we are continuing to invest. In others we are staying nimble and aggressively managing cost. Also we will continue to make acquisitions to generate long-term growth as well as attractive return on invested capital through implementation of operational excellence in our acquired businesses.  I will now comment on our business segment after which Sue Main will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the second quarter and full years 2015. Turning to the instrumentation segment, first quarter sales increased 4.4% from last years. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 5.9% despite a significant expected year-over-year decline in the sales of geophysical sensors that I previously mentioned. We also had of course negative impact of foreign currency which impacted this group specifically.  As I mentioned previously, sales to offshore energy production industry remained very strong, robust stores continued resulting in stable backlog in businesses primarily serving this market. In the environmental domain, sales increased 10.4% which was all organic and reflected increased sales of both laboratory and field instrumentation as well as greater sales of air monitoring and gas process analysis.  Sales of electronic to measurement systems declined with roughly half of the decline due to foreign currency translation. GAAP segment operating profit increased and operating margin improved 109 basis points due to higher sales and improved operating performance specially within the environmental instrument group.  Turning to the digital imaging segment, first quarter sales decreased 11.3% compared to last years primarily due to lower sales from U.S. government R&D contract as well as specialty centers for remote sensing applications. These were partially offset by higher sales of x-ray sensors for medical imaging.  Sales of cameras for general industrial machine vision applications increased slightly but were offset by declines in sales of cameras or semiconductor and electronic inspection. The year-over-year decline in government R&D is largely due to the conclusion of DARPA's extreme accuracy tasked ordinance program also known as EXACTO or the guided bullet. Nevertheless a milestone was reached in February during live fire demonstration which showed that the EXACTO was able to hit moving and evading targets with extreme accuracy at sniper ranges unachievable with traditional rounds. We are hopeful that additional funding will become available for these and similar programs later this year.  GAAP operating margin continued to increase and was 77 basis points greater than last year. Turning to aerospace and defense electronic segments, first quarter sales decreased minus 7.9% while U.S. government sales declined or commercial avionics businesses continued to perform very well. Operating profit declined due to lower sales and lower margins in a number of defense electronic businesses. However, due to cost reduction efforts and an increase on orders recently, we expect improved sales and margins in the balance of the year.  Turning to the engineer systems segment, first quarter revenue increased 6.2% and operating margin increased 35 basis points. Both sales and margin benefitted from the greater mix of marine and space manufacturing programs and higher sales of energy system products such as commercial, hydrogen generators.  In conclusion, through acquisitions and strong cost control we were able to mitigate headwinds from foreign exchange and the timing of certain government programs. We are also confident about sequential earnings improvement. However, we do not want to be overly optimistic or plan for a significant second hand recovery in the global economy for our specific end markets. And finally our strategy remains the same. First, focus on highly engineered products for specialized end markets. Second, a commitment to operational excellence to improve margins. And third, continued investment including greater emphasis on acquisitions to grow our portfolio of businesses. I will now turn the call over to Sue Main. 
Susan L. Main: Thank you, Robert and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our second quarter and full year 2015 outlook. In the first quarter cash flow from operating activities was $16.7 million compared with a cash flow of $27.1 million for the same period of 2014. However, cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter of 2015 primarily reflected payments for legal matters, the payment of the scheduled earn out obligations, and the timing of accounts payable payments partially offset by lower income tax payments.  Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $9 million in the first quarter of 2015 compared with $15.4 million in 2014. Capital expenditures were $7.7 million in the first quarter compared to $11.7 million for the same period of 2014. Depreciation and amortization expense was $23.2 million in both 2015 and 2014. In February we entered into an accelerated share repurchase or ASR agreement for 1.5 million shares at an initial price of $94.68. We ended the quarter with $719 million of net debt that is $830 million of debt in capital leases less cash of $110.2 million, for a net debt to capital ratio of 35.1%.  Turning to pension and stock compensation expense, in the first quarter of 2015 growth GAAP pension income was $0.2 million due to a onetime gain of $1.2 million from the freezing of our non-qualified pension plans compared with growth pension income of $0.3 million in the same period of 2014. Stock compensation expense was $3.8 million in the first quarter of 2015 compared with $2.6 million in the first quarter of 2014. Finally turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the second quarter of 2015 will be in the range of $1.30 to $1.34 per share. We expect full year 2015 earnings per share of approximately $5.60 to $5.65. The 2015 full year effective tax rate is expected to be 29.5%  I do want to emphasize a few items regarding our 2015 outlook compared to 2014. First our pension assumption included discount rate decreased of 90 basis points and changes in the mortality assumptions which will increase non-cash pension expense in 2015. Second, 2014 results benefitted from net legal settlement, significant discreet tax items including $0.06 in the first quarter of 2014, and the 2014 R&D tax credit which is not currently effective for 2015 as well as a slightly lower tax rate. I will now pass the call back to Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Susan. We would now like to take your questions. Linda, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will begin with the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Greg Konrad: Good morning. 
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Greg. 
Greg Konrad: How are doing, just want to start with your update in your prepared remarks you mentioned that most markets were stable with exception of Europe, can you maybe give a little bit more color around that in terms of just different end markets? 
Robert Mehrabian: I think Europe was down Greg, but I would say about 5% to 6% somewhere in between those two overall. Approximately 10% of our sales are in foreign currency and in the first quarter the foreign currency translation basically overall impacted our revenue by 1.5% 
Greg Konrad: That makes sense and then just in terms of U.S. government, you mentioned imagers for remote sensing were down in the quarter, was that tied to any specific program and what is the opportunity pipeline for that business?
Robert Mehrabian: The first one that I mentioned on the government is we have a very successful demonstration of our program called EXACTO which is basically a 50 millimeter bullet that can be guided by sniper team. That program came to an end and that was a pretty large program for us in our scientific business here. We expect some additional funding later but there is gap in funding there. We also have some gaps in our space programs specially classic wide and if you minored shortages in our microwave businesses but we expect these to pickup between Q3 and Q4. So I think most of the government program declines are temporary and timing related. 
Greg Konrad: Thank you. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Greg.
Operator: Alright and next we will go to the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
James A. Ricchiuti: Thank you. Good morning, I was wondering if you could Robert perhaps elaborate on the growth you are seeing in environmental, you cited that as being one of the areas thats strong and same with commercial avionics which I guess has been strong now for a couple of quarters. 
Robert Mehrabian: Right, let me start with the environmental and then go to commercial avionics Jim. On the environmental we have a variety of programs ranging from water to air quality to pharmaceutical laboratory techniques to some food and beverage techniques. And food and beverage I think should be using our processes to detect impurities. By and large weve seen improvements in our air quality monitoring program in both China and India. China recently adopted a cap program for sulphur dioxide and narcs [ph] mass emissions which provides sales opportunities for us. We also have stack flow monitoring system.  Air quality monitoring in China has stabilized but it has picked up more in the U.S. ambient air quality monitoring and its better than it was last year. There is also some new APA standards for ozone, ground level ozone detection. So all of these are helping us.  In the remainder, if I move over to commercial aircraft then avionics as you know Jim, there is a tremendous backlog at both Boeing and Airbus in 2015 thats anticipated to be about 11,500 planes with potential additional backlog this year of about 1500. Now we have content on various aircraft that is substantial for the size of the business that we have. Our backlog means some of these programs that I just mentioned exceeds to $600 million and its multiyear backlog. And of course we have self sourced on a number of programs at Boeing. And so this is gaining market share by the way, in the retrofit domain specially with our wireless grounding [ph] products. So were kind of bullish about this business. The industry is doing well, the aircraft manufacturers have tremendous backlog, and the airlines are actually making money, expected to make maybe $25 billion this year. So thats a good business for us. 
James A. Ricchiuti: Okay, and one final question, I wonder if you can comment on the bookings in the quarter and to the extent you can maybe talk a little bit about how the bookings were in the various segments?
Robert Mehrabian: Okay, overall bookings for the company was one, it varies from a higher 1.3 to 1.4 down to a lower 0.85. And fundamentally if I went through the segment I would say that aerospace and defense is close to one, insurance by and large are about 0.95, environmental is slightly over one, digital imaging is under one at about 0.85, and our engineering system business is significantly over one because we want some long venture programs there.
James A. Ricchiuti: Okay, great thats helpful Robert. Ill jump back in the queue. 
Robert Mehrabian: You bet, thank you. 
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Kevin Ciabattoni with KeyBanc. Please go ahead. 
Michael F. Ciarmoli: Hey, good morning guys, it's actually Mike Ciarmoli. So Robert, just on the guidance specifically, it sounds like there is some conservatism on the economy but I mean is there anything specific driving that $0.11, I mean are you looking -- is it just conservatism or is it -- are you seeing specific weakness in certain pockets because I mean this would be, correct me if I am wrong but this is the first time you are guiding to down year-over-year GAAP earnings, I mean since I can remember at least going back to 2000.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me just make two comments, its going back to 2001. But I wouldnt say its conservatism, I would use the word prudent in a more appropriate word. We are not counting on any tax benefits. You can't put tax, we have very small amount of tax benefit compared to last year we had about $0.38 between tax and onetime tax benefits and R&D. And you can predict earnings based on that. If R&D tax credit doesnt pass or if we get some audit letter or something happens then you can count on that. So we kind of exclude most of that. Second, everyday whether you read the paper or listen to the Fed or read our other industrial companies like ours everybody is cautious because of what the foreign exchange. We havent seen foreign exchange changes of this magnitude for a long time. And the other thing we have to be cautious about is that our tax rate changes depending on how much foreign earnings we have and with Europe being in the tank right now, we cant just really count on that either. So we are taking the guidance down less than 2%. I think it is prudent at this point with everything thats going on in the world and with the oil price being half of what it was last year at this time. 
Michael F. Ciarmoli: Okay, thats fair. And should we think about was the pension gain in the guidance for the year and should we assume that you guys do the full buy back on the ASR?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, let me the answer the second one first. ASR is done for practical purposes. You basically reach an agreement with a financial institution, you take the shares and they buy those shares overtime and the difference in the price of the shares either becomes a positive or a negative number in terms of cash. But the shares are out. In terms of the pension, because of the change in this contract as Sue mentioned we expect overall a pension headwind of about $0.06 for the year versus last year. Now if you look at it and say, we also have frozen our non-qualified pension excluding that its more like $0.08. By freezing the non-qualified pension providing compensate of the employees like myself we were able to shave off a couple of pennies of that negative number. So, by and large we do have a pension headwind of $0.06 year-over-year including the non-qualified freights. 
Michael F. Ciarmoli: Got it I mean on the order front especially on the subsea, I mean you guys it sounds like with new products gaining share you guys seem pretty confident. I know there is some press out there but maybe more so on the offshore drilling side that we could see cancellations but in terms of I guess your sub, your order flow production I mean it seems like backlogs everything holding up fairly well?
Robert Mehrabian: Backlog is about 0.95 right now and as you will know, the -- about 62% of newer discoveries since 2010 have been in deep water and thats where we excel. And those programs have long legs on it than multiple year, tens of billions of dollars investment that you cant shut them off quickly like you do in fracking. And there we have both new products and we have for example new high power products which we are gaining market share with these products that go lets say 6 kilowatts with 900 amps and we also have pressure temperature sensors. We also have Ethernet products, optical and electro optical products, so we are increasing content and gaining share. 
Michael F. Ciarmoli: Got it, perfect. Thanks guys, Ill jump back in the queue. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. 
Operator: Next well go to the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel. Please go ahead. 
Stephen E. Levenson: Thanks, good morning everybody. 
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Steve. 
Stephen E. Levenson: On the government revenues where you said there was a timing difference, can you tell was that administrative or was it related to funding, is it something that will continue or something that will catch up. 
Robert Mehrabian: Its both. Some of it is administrative and I would say those are just programs that are getting pushed off a little bit. Some of it is like funding gap at the present time. I mentioned the EXACTO program and some of it Steve is on us. We have agents travelling wave tubes to program that is really looking for strong production. And in Q1 since we hadnt made these travelling wave tubes for a number of years, we stumble a little bit. We solved the problem now and some of it is on us. And so its a mixture of three things, you didnt mention to stumble but I will. But weve recovered now and that program is moving ahead as it should be. 
Stephen E. Levenson: Got it, thank you for that information. So thats retrofit I take it for the most part. 
Robert Mehrabian: Actually on the agents program these are new products. We have retrofit products but we also have -- these are also we make spares for existing radar. So they are not retrofit as such but there is spares. 
Stephen E. Levenson: Got it, last question on the strength of the dollar, are there any foreign acquisition targets that were too expensive for you before that maybe the strong dollar will help you with now?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, just an example of that is earlier this morning we announced that we bought the remaining 49% of optic just to light our company lasers company, that what we initially decided to, what we always wanted to buy out but now it was 20% cheaper than it was when the first time we looked at it a while back. And there are other foreign acquisitions especially in Europe that we are looking at also when you have cash parts in Canada or overseas. That cash earns essentially nothing. And we had over $100 million outside the U.S. So we intend to use that cash. Good question, thank you. 
Stephen E. Levenson: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Alright, next well go to the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Christopher D. Quilty: Thanks Robert, I wanted to follow up on your comments earlier about the oil and gas market. I think you had said your geophysical sensors was you were predicting down 25 to 35 and my question was are you sticking with that original guidance that you provided previously or have you ratcheted that down?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think Chris its probably going to be closer to 40%. It depends, we have probably -- we dont have -- I am not able to mention the name but we have probably the singular customer that still has vessels and is very successful in what they do because of the 3D accuracy of their streamer cables which we produced for them and their ability to get data, really robust data from those. But having said all of that, everybody is parking their vessels now including our largest customer. So we dont see any light at the end of that tunnel. It is down about 39 to be precise, it is down about 39% this quarter.  On the flip side of that Chris is that similar cables are used in the military and we are bidding on couple of very large programs because we have unique capabilities in making these large streamer cables. And as I met former navy men know this better than I, those are the kinds of things that are used around vessels to detect acoustic signals. 
Christopher D. Quilty: Okay, also you mentioned what percent of business was exchanged or revenues were exposed to foreign currency?
Robert Mehrabian: The thing is we have about 45% international sales of which 10% are directly affected by foreign currency. And when we look at that carefully, that cost is about 8 million in revenue and about 1.5% of our revenue. The flip side of that also, also the negative side of that as you note no traces that, yes, you get less revenue because of the foreign currency. But you also are selling in foreign currency and you have to lower your prices to be able to compete. So its a double whammy but were weathering it, we are taking cost out and well be fine. 
Christopher D. Quilty: But how about with Canada, I mean you just got a nice discount on your cost to sales there with DALSA?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, on Canada is the flip side thats why I said 10% because we are 45% international sales. Canada is the flip side where we produce products in Canadian dollars and we sell them primarily in U.S. dollars. So thats the flip side of the benefit thats why it only comes down to 10% otherwise it would be as high as 25%.
Christopher D. Quilty: Okay and the Bolt acquisition, I know you were projecting that business to be down just due to the end markets they serve, is it about on track for your expectations underperforming or outperforming?
Robert Mehrabian: It is -- when we acquired the exploration market was about where it is now, the projection. The sales are a bit weaker, not much but are a bit weaker than what we were start to projecting. But the operating profit is on plan and we are very aggressively integrating that. And as you know once we begin our integration processes our margins equal. So the profits are pretty well good. 
Christopher D. Quilty: Okay, and I just wanted to confirm was it true that with the DARPA, EXACTO video that, that was you as the untrained shooter?
Robert Mehrabian: I wish I could say yes, but the fact is it was one of our - actually I think it was one of our customers that was testing it and by the way the shooters were engineers here, so it was interesting experience. 
Christopher D. Quilty: But that said both scary and good I guess. Good luck on that program. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Chris. 
Operator: Alright and next well go to the line of Mark Jordan with Noble Financial. Please go ahead. 
Mark Jordan: Good morning Robert, question on the engineering services business. I know a few years back you had a couple of programs that had long gestation periods, for example special forces delivery vehicle. I was wondering is there anything in that portfolio that may mature into volume productions in the latter part of the year that will move the needle for that segment? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think let me just make a broad comment. I think in that segment we expect incremental improvements in revenue as we go through the year. The first program underwater vehicle is called the shallow water or SWCS vehicle thats used for navy Cos. And we will go into low rate initial production next year. I think we will have two boats maybe three next year max, but these are very sizable boats and we have the test facilities which are the more important also part of the program which is a very large water pool to be able to test these boats. Thats a very good program for us and very successful and the total potential revenue in that program is about $380 million.  The other program again related to underwater that weve had is our program for gliders, underwater vehicles that use buoyancy to go up and down. And in that program we have about so far up to end of 2014 we gained that weve sold about $28 million. These are used by the navy for sensing in front of battleships, sensing the properties of the water so they can predict acoustic signals more accurately. And we project that in the next five years we will have another $50 million of revenues in our glider program. So those are the two big programs that relate to water and underwater capabilities. 
Mark Jordan: Okay, given the currency headwinds which you face, could you make some comments as to what type of growth rate overall or by segments that you might expect for the year now?
Robert Mehrabian: Ill just give it to you in an organic mould if I may, and I think the currency will remain -- will hit us the same as it has throughout the year. So its -- right now its affecting just 1.5%. Lets say well stay there. I think what will happen that on a GAAP basis we probably would end up with positive revenue between very low single-digits between 1% and 2%. So we will make up the 1.5 and gain between 1% and 2%. I think if you look, you ask me about the segments I think digital imaging will be flat. It doesnt have as much foreign currency headwind because of what Chris asked and I answered, nevertheless there is some softness in that market especially in flat panel quality inspections in Southeast Asia. I think our aerospace and defense will be up probably a couple of percent, engineered systems will be up as they were in Q1 maybe a couple of percent overall, and instrument should be relatively flat. The FX there is hitting us harder than other areas. The FX is affecting us about 2.5% in instrument. So even with that I think we should be up about a percent. 
Mark Jordan: Okay, thank you very much. 
Robert Mehrabian: You bet Mark.
Operator: And next well go to the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. 
James A. Ricchiuti: Just wanted to follow up on the questions about acquisitions, is it fair to say that looking at the portfolio you are looking to perhaps ease up more of the instrumentation business and I would assume that you probably full up in the energy area, so is that would you look more in environmental and electronic?
Robert Mehrabian: You are quite right Jim. I think, but the instrumentation and digital imaging I would say they carry -- there is a large spread there. We have an instrumentation for example, we have LeCroy which is test and measurement. I like that area, I like the area because in terms of our poor competencies across the company in digitization and microwave and in general digital analytics of signals we would like to see if we can get something there. But if you move away from there it is the more traditional areas and we are always looking for environmental acquisitions. And underwater I think we might do some more but it would be non-oil related. It would be more in the domain of being able to analyze signals or do large scale mapping of ocean currents and densities, etc. And lastly I think the one area that is in digital now obviously is x-rays. We are making good progress there. We have really the worlds most sensitive CMOS x-ray sensors that give you the best digital images at very low dosages. And wed like to make more acquisitions in that area to kind of enhance our ability to supply our customer a more system level products. 
James A. Ricchiuti: Got it, thats helpful and just on the subject of LeCroy, excluding currency is that, Robert is the business flattish? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, it is probably down about a percent year-over-year not because just of currency effect will be about 1.5%, maybe as much as 2% but what affected is Europe has been the strongest market and since Europe regardless of currency is stagnant, relatively stagnant. Weve taken a little bit of a hit there. The flip side of that is that they have introduced a significant number of new products and we expect that those would do very well. They have of course the highest bandwidth, 100 gigahertz product at the very top and then introduce some new products at the lower range. And there is the company that really developed a whole new market for 12 bit scope. So we are very comfortable with that business staying where it is for now till Europe does better and until the FX problem is partially mitigated. 
James A. Ricchiuti: Got it, thank you. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. 
Operator: Next well go to the line of Kevin Ciabattoni with KeyBanc. Please go ahead. 
Michael F. Ciarmoli: Hey, thanks its Mike again. Hey Robert, just real quick, the acquired revenue contribution issue from Bowtech and taken the remaining stake in Optic, is that a meaningful portion of revenues or can you talk maybe just in general how significant contribution or negligible?
Robert Mehrabian: The optic is none because we own 51% Kevin, as you know you consolidate revenue. You put earnings or losses, the portion that you dont own you put it below the line. So from a revenue perspective that will not contribute because it is already consolidated, has been in our revenue stream since we own the -- we bought the 51%. On Bolt and more recently we just bought Bowtech which is an underwater visual camera company. I think we will have about $45 million to $55 million in revenue this year from those two acquisitions. And these are incremental obviously. 
Michael F. Ciarmoli: Perfect, thanks guys. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. 
Robert Mehrabian: Operator, thank you very much. We will just stop there and Ill now ask Jason to conclude our conference call please. 
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert and again thanks everyone for joining us this morning. If you have any follow-up questions of course please feel free to call me on the number listed on the earnings release. And, all our releases are available on our website teledyne.com. Operator if you could please conclude the call and provide the replay details, we'd certainly appreciate it. Good bye everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 AM Pacific today until May 30, 2015 at midnight. You may access the AT&T replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 352688. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844 and enter the access code 352688. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - Senior Vice President Strategy and M&A Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Susan L. Main - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Melanie S. Cibik - General Counsel and Secretary
Analysts: Greg Konrad - Jefferies & Company, Inc. James A. Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, Inc. Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Christopher D. Quilty - Raymond James Associates Inc. Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Robert B. Kirkpatrick - Cardinal Capital Management, LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And Id like to welcome everyone to Teledynes fourth quarter and full-year 2014 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and of course our periodic SEC filings, and actual results could differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Record sales of $622.3 million increased 4.3% compared to last year with organic growth of 2.5%, inclusive of some currency headwind. Fourth quarter GAAP earnings per share of $1.62 was also a record, increasing 12.5% compared to last year. I should note that earnings, both this year and last were aided by certain tax items. Nevertheless, excluding these tax benefits and unusual charges such as restructuring and legal settlement gain in 2013, earnings still increase at double-digit rate year-over-year. Operating margin of 12.8% increased 220 basis points and was also a record. Our results continued to demonstrate the successful transformation of Teledyne into a higher margin industrial technology company, committed to operational excellence. Overall sales growth was driven by strong organic growth in the U.S. commercial market of just over 5% as well as continued gains in international markets and some impact from acquisitions. Our U.S. Government businesses, which represent approximately 25% of our total sales, declined slightly year-over-year on a somewhat difficult comparison, but we're nevertheless at the highest quarterly level in 2014 on an absolute basis. In our commercial businesses, we achieved growth in all major global market regions. Sales growth in the U.S. was largely driven by increased sales of instrumentation, avionics and commercial imaging systems. Commercial sales in Europe and the Middle East and Africa collectively also increased due in part to broad based demand across our instrumentation segment. Finally, Asia Pacific sales continue to grow with sales of nearly all of our Marine, acoustic positioning, and inter connect systems growing year-over-year. Before discussing our business segment in detail, I want to make some additional comments about our markets and outlook. Given the strength and diversity of Teledyne's businesses and our consistent focus on operational excellence, we were able to achieve our 13th consecutive year of GAAP earnings growth. We enter 2014 with headwind in our government businesses as a result of U.S. Government's budget cuts and austerity measures across the UK and Europe. In response, throughout 2013 and 2014, we took aggressive expense reduction actions to lower our cost structure and reduce our manufacturing footprint in businesses serving these markets. While the outlook now is more positive in this market, we are committed to maintaining our current cost structure, thereby generating greater margins. We enter 2015 with uncertainty in our Marine businesses exposed to energy markets, given the decline in energy prices. Revenue from offshore energy exploration market has begun to decline as expected and discussed previously. Offshore oil production related revenue has remained strong. In fact, during the fourth quarter, we had record sales and record orders and ended the year with record backlog in businesses primarily serving the offshore production market. I also want to note that our Marine businesses are somewhat buffered from swings in energy markets since or businesses also serve markets with different economic cycles, such as ocean science and climatology, defense, Marine survey for port construction, harbor security, and search and rescue. In 2014, we further invested in these businesses with the acquisition of [indiscernible] a leading supplier of miniature remotely operated vehicles, or mini ROVs, and the acquisition of Ocean science, which produces remotely operated and tethered Marines service vehicles. Each of these businesses largely serves markets unrelated to offshore energy. Finally, regarding our 2015 outlook, I want to emphasize that 2014 included a number of non-recurring items which contributed to earnings. For example, the cumulative effort of discreet tax benefits, the late 2014 Federal R&D tax credit, and favorable net legal settlements was a benefit of approximately $0.50 to earnings in 2014. Furthermore, given lower discount rates and revised mortality assumptions, we except to incur additional pension expense in 2015. Nevertheless, I want to remind everyone that our pension remains fully funded, has been closed to new hires for over a decade, and only 18.4% of our current employees participate in it. We also continue to make structural changes. First, by freezing our non-qualified pension plan for 20 of our top executives who earn over $260,000 in salary and bonus combined. And second, by offering lump sum buyouts to other participants to limit future volatility and help ensure the health of our pension and keep promises made to retirees and current employees. I will now comment on our business segment after which Sue Main will review the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the first quarter and full year 2015. Turning to our instrumentation segment, fourth quarter sales 8.6% to nearly $300 million with organic growth of 4.8% sales of marine instrumentation increased 13.2% with organic growth of 6.6% despite the significant year-over-year decline in sales of geophysical sensors used for offshore energy exploration. As I mentioned previously, sales to offshore energy production industry remain very strong and non-energy marine businesses also contributed nicely. In the environmental domain sales increased 4.8% which was all organic. Sales of laboratory and field instrumentation helped offset some decline in sales of air monitoring and process gas analyzers. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems were flat. Nevertheless margins for search instrumentation continue to improve and we're at record level. GAAP operating profit increased operating margin improved 170 basis points due to higher sales and improved operating performance, especially at companies acquired within the last two years. Turning to the Digital Imaging. This segment provides a broad portfolio of visible light, laser-based, infrared, X-ray and ultraviolet sensors, cameras and software. Fourth quarter sales in Digital Imaging decreased modestly compared to last year and primarily reflected lower sales of specialty imaging sensors mostly offset by higher sales of LIDAR or laser based imaging systems and Micro Electro Mechanical Systems or MEMS production Sales of sensors and cameras for commercial machine vision applications increased, largely driven by greater sales of cameras for semi-conductors and electronic inspection. GAAP segment operating profit increased considerably and primarily reflected higher margins for LIDAR systems and MEMS production as well as infrared imaging sensors. Turning to the aerospace and defense electronics segment. Fourth quarter sales decreased 2.5%, while U.S. Government sales declined, our commercial avionic businesses continued to perform very well. Operating profit increased with margins increasing over 300 basis points, even excluding significant charges in 2013 as a result of cost reduction action, margins still improved approximately 100 basis points. Turning to the Engineered Systems segment, fourth quarter revenue increased 8.9% and operating profit increased significantly with record margin of 13.4%. Both sales and margin benefited from a greater mix of Marine and space manufacturing program, and increased sales of turbine engines for the Joint Air-To-Surface Standoff Missile or JASSM program. In conclusion, 2014 was a great year. In addition to record sales, earnings and margins, cash flow was also outstanding. Our business is diversified and resilient to changes in specific end markets. That said, our success depends on managing change as evidenced by how we executed as a Company through the weakness in the defense market over the last few years. We're proud of our consistent record of improvement in earnings and profitability, as well as strong cash generation. Regarding capital allocation, our primary focus remains on acquisitions that enhance our core businesses. Nevertheless, we are very pleased with the current composition of our business portfolio and we'll continue to weigh share repurchases against availability and price of acquisitions. I will now turn the call over to Sue Main.
Susan L. Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our first quarter and full-year 2015 outlook. In the fourth quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $84.1 million compared with the cash flow of $98.5 million for the same period of 2013. The lower cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter of 2014 primarily reflected the impact of higher income tax payments, partially offset by higher net income and the timing of accounts receivable collection. Free cash flow that is, cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $70.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2014, compared with $79.9 million in 2013. For the full year 2014, adjusted free cash flow of $240.2 million versus $182.9 million increased 31.3% over 2013, and was an all time record. Capital expenditures were $13.8 million in the fourth quarter compared to $18.6 million for the same period of 2013. Depreciation and amortization expense was $24.2 million in the quarter compared with $24 million last year. In December, we issued $125 million of senior unsecured notes with an average fixed rate of 2.97% and we ended the quarter with $563.7 million of net debt that is $705.1 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $141.4 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 27.7%. Turning to pension and stock compensation expense, in the fourth quarter of 2014, gross GAAP pension income was $0.3 million compared with gross pension expense of $4.5 million in the same period of 2013. Stock option compensation expense was $3.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 compared with $3.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. Finally, turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2015 will be in the range of $1.16 to $1.20 per share. We expect full-year 2015 earnings per share of approximately $5.71 to $5.76. The 2015 full-year effective tax rate is expected to be 29.5% for reference excluding discrete items and fourth quarter R&D tax credit, the full-year 2014 tax rate was 28.7%. I do want to emphasize a few items regarding our 2015 outlook compared to 2014. First, our pension assumptions included a discount rate decrease of 90 basis points and changes in mortality assumptions, which will increase non-cash pension expense in 2015. Second, 2014 results benefited from net legal settlements, significant discreet tax items, including $0.06 in the first quarter of 2014 and the 2014 R&D tax credit which is not currently effective for 2015, as well as a slightly lower tax rate. Finally, approximately 10% of our total sales are in foreign currencies, and foreign exchange is likely to be a headwind of 1 to 2 percentage points to revenue in 2015. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. We would now like to take your questions. Vicky, if youre ready to proceed with questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Greg Konrad. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad: Good morning. I just wanted to start, you had good cash flow in the quarter and you also announced an increase in the share re-purchase program. You kind of made some comments about balancing share repurchases and acquisitions. I was hoping you could elaborate on that, and then also just touch on if the lower price of oil has kind of increased the acquisition pipeline?
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg. First, let me just emphasize that our aim always is to improve revenue and increase our earnings per share as we've done in the last 13 years, and part of the contribution to that, significant part, have been the acquisitions. Approximately 65 plus percent of our revenue and more than that in income comes through our acquisitions, so we will continue to look at those. We have a reasonably good pipeline of acquisitions. Having said that, as you also indicated, because of the healthy cash flow and our EBITDA of total of almost $395 million, we feel that we can do both open opportunistically. If there are a lot of large acquisitions available, we may not do as much buyback. On the other hand, I think the time has come for our company to look at those both options in a more balanced way. Having said that, price of oil going down, has affected our pipeline, at least our view of our pipeline somewhat in that we probably will be a little more cautious in making interments in the marine instrumentation domain that are related to oil production and exploration. Having said that as I said before our marine businesses are very well balanced and we will look at other opportunities in the marine domain that dont serve the energy market. I dont think prices have changed significant because of the change in oil; you have to obviously balance the price of acquisitions with their earning potential. I hope that answers your question.
Greg Konrad: Yes, that was perfect. Then just a follow-up on the instrumentation margin. You gave a little bit of color on, this but I remember what the segment used to do before LeCroy and the acquisition, and it sounds like the margin on that property has improved and that's part of the contribution to the 17.8% in the quarter. Can you maybe talk a little bit more about the moving pieces and what we can expect going forward and the ranges of the three segments?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think in the instrumentation segment, we believe that the margins, we should be able to maintain those margins. I should note, Greg, that if you look at our Q1, both 2014 and 2013, Q1 is our weakest quarter because of the markets we serve, and so in Q1 we expect margins for almost all of our segments to be closer to Q1 of last year, but as the year goes on, I think the margins will improve as they did this year. In instrumentation, we view instrumentation in the various groupings. First, in oil and gas, our margins are very healthy and we just - our emphasis are to keep those margins and see if we can move the top line up a little bit. In test and measurements that you mentioned, primarily LeCroy, our aim is not to worry so much about revenue growth so we have some potential improvements in other businesses using LeCroy technologies. Our aim there is to improve margins, and we will do that next year. And in our environmental instrumentation, they have healthy margins we just want to keep them and move the top line up a little bit.
Greg Konrad: Thanks for taking my question. Im sorry.
Robert Mehrabian: No thats all right. And I just want to go back what Su mentioned and what I said about pension. If we hadn't taken the actions that we took on pension, which were mitigation by freezing the non-qualified pension, by doing one-time buys, our pension headwinds would have been significantly larger than it is, but nevertheless, having said all of that, between pension taxes, we have a $0.50 headwind going into next year. Our aim is to make that up in 2015, so that really consumes our various margin improvement programs.
Greg Konrad: Thanks for taking my questions.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
James A. Ricchiuti: Thank you. Good morning. Robert, I wonder if you would comment just in general on the outlook for the four main business segments, how you might see the year unfold from a top line standpoint?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Good morning Jim. I think from a top line standpoint. We should have about 1% or so in instrumentation primarily because we have, that's organic. Thats primarily because of the impact of our oil exploration programs which gone it is probably going to see 25% to 35% decline in revenue there, so we have to make it up somewhere else. And then there is foreign exchange headwind. In digital imaging, I think we can improve that about 3% to 4%. In Aerospace and defense, we will just be under 4% I will say 3.5% and engineered system I am talking year-over-year Jim I hope youre read me on that.
James A. Ricchiuti: I am. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: And engineered systems should improve the top line by about 4% collectively with taking into account with foreign exchange and the fact that first as Sue said, there's 10% of our stuff that are producing those markets, but the other problem that we have is we're competing in our instrumentation and other businesses overseas, and we have about 45% of our overall sales overseas. So we have to drop prices in those places in dollar denominations to compete. So we think revenue next year, organic revenue growth is going to be around 2% it could be a little higher, but right now thats what we see.
James A. Ricchiuti: That's very helpful. I wanted to follow-up on the digital imaging business, if I may. The growth there has been a little harder to come by in the last couple of years. You're assuming 3% to 4% or so growth in the business this year, and I just wonder if you could discuss that a little bit more. The particular areas where we might see the business begin to gain some traction.
Robert Mehrabian: Okay, Jim Ill try. First, weve seen some pick up in our LIDAR base or laser based imaging business which we own 51% of, a company called Uptick in Canada. They've introduced new products and as a consequence of that, they have gained market share and we have some nice backlog going into next year. Their new products are, for example, there's a high performance airborne LIDAR that they've introduced and a multicolor laser wavelength light, those are making good in roads in the markets, so some of the growth is going to come from there. We also have new products we're introducing area scan products. We've primarily been a line scan camera oriented business. We're introducing area scan products with CMOS based sensors, and last to contributions we think will come from our infrared micro bolometers production and cameras in Canada, and from our very high resolution CMOS-based X-rays, so if you combine all of those, we think those would contribute to the revenue increase.
James A. Ricchiuti: Thank you, that's helpful.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Stephen E. Levenson: Good morning, everybody.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen E. Levenson: In the past I know you've spoken about acquisitions, but in the past you've also been able to boost margins by working on scrap, rework, waste and footprint. What do you think you can get out of that in 2015?
Robert Mehrabian: I think what - let me just backup a second. What we got in 2014, year-over-year was at 12.5% reduction in our scrap rework and warranty across over a billion dollars of manufactured goods, so that helped us out a lot. Over the last 10 years, the percentage of those, what we call price on non-conforming our factories has gone down from 5.1% to 1.8% resulting in a net improvement in our earnings of over $60 million. Now, our aim to do the same, Steve, every year. Our target for next year is around the same, 10% or so. We think if we can achieve that, especially where we have higher numbers for price on non-conformers, those would be primarily in more recent acquisitions, and we can improve the margins. I'm going to say overall in those businesses we can improve margins 20, 30 maybe 40 basis points from that. But some of the other businesses that have been with us for a long time all ready have (inaudible) numbers, percentages that are below 1; 0.6, 0.7. And improvement that 10%, 15% improvement there, while we do it, its not going to have a major effect in our bottom line.
Stephen E. Levenson: Sounds like a high class problem, but thank you for the detail on that. I guess question on cash deployment. Is there a debt-to-EBITDA target leverage ratio? Do you think you'd borrow more to do more buybacks if there aren't acquisitions out there that fit your criteria?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, right now if you look at our debt to EBITDA ratio, it's about 1.7. If you look at it from a net debt that Sue mentioned, to EBITDA ratio. Its closer to 1.5. Having said that, I think we have a ceiling roof for our debt to EBITDA of 3. We'll never get that close, 3.25 to be exact. I think we feel comfortable to be around 2, maybe a little higher. We might go up to a 2.5, but we'll bring it down very fast by generating cash, but even at 1.8 to 2, we already have borrowing capacity if we assume that was the ceiling of up to $650 million.
Stephen E. Levenson: Thank you for the additional detail. That's great.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Christopher D. Quilty: Good morning. Congratulations. A follow-up on the Marine segment, specifically oil and gas. Is there a specific price for a barrel of oil that's embedded in your revised forecast?
Robert Mehrabian: Not specific, what we have Chris is we know what our large customers on the exploration side are telling us, they are basically delaying of new vessels, other companies that we dont do business with are retiring vessels. So there we have a pretty good idea of what that market is going to be like, it could be done as much as 35% year-over-year. Remembering that it was a $100 million in 2013 and closer to 80 this 2014 and other 30% decline would bring it down to $60 million, so you are going from 100 to 60 over two years. The flip side is as I said, our oil production so far is holding up very well, and part of that you ask about what kind of price to oil. Part of that is that different sources of oil and gas recovery have different price breakeven points depending on whether its shallow water that would be the lowest, onshore, conversational, it could be maybe $40, deep-water probably over $60, but then when you get to shale oil you are talking about $70, could be as high as $100. So what we're seeing is changes in the dynamics of the businesses the shale oil businesses are reducing their cost very fast, because thats not too hard to do, and you will pick up your trucks and move them and stop the drilling. And where as in deep water the projects are planned over a 10-year period and larger oil companies have seen oil prices go up and down over the two decades and they cant plant immediate price reduction, because they are spending huge amounts of money. For example, in the Combo Offshore Award that we got late in 2014 that is a $10 billion investment and cant shut that ticket off or turn it down. So they have a much longer view of the market than we do, and even as early as November, the quest subsea database is projecting increases in  significant increases in the production in the next six or seven years, as much as 70 or more percent. So, it's very hard to credit. I think in the deep sea oil production, we feel comfortable that oil prices are not going to affect them very quickly. Having said that, I'll repeat remarks that I made before in the last earnings call, which is it's my personal view that oil consumption per capita oil consumption is going to increase, especially as we see recoveries in the foreign markets because their capital consumption is several, four or five times less than ours or other for developed countries, and in the long-term, oil prices supplies are not going to be as abundant as they are today compared to consumption, so I think in the long-term oil prices have to moderate upwards and that's my prospective. I may be wrong, but I don't think so.
Christopher D. Quilty: I would tend to agree. Can you give us a more specific guidance on the pension contribution that you would expect for this year?
Robert Mehrabian: We dont Chris, we dont expect to make a pension contribution. As of the end of the year, considering the 4.5% discount rate, to mention 90 basis points reduced from last year it was 5.4% its now 4.5% for us. Our pension is 110% funded, even at that discount rate and its a changes were in the mortality tables that actually got together and decided that people live longer, probably true, and so we don't need to make a contribution, but what we needed to do was take some actions by freezing our non-qualified pension plan and making one-time lump sum offers to those people who are retiring. We've made those to people who've what we call vested, people that are vested in our pension but are not at Teledyne anymore and I haven't begun withdrawing pension. We have bought about over 500 of those folks out of our pension planning the last two years.
Christopher D. Quilty: Gotcha. And the R&D tax credits, I didn't pay attention. How long are those in effect for? Is this the typical one-year extension?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. What they did is in the last few days of the year, they passed a R&D tax credit for 2014 only. They could have passed it, they could have done it permanently, they could have passed it for 2014 and 2014 as they did in 2013. In 2013, at the beginning of the year they passed it for 2013 and 2013, so we don't have an R&D tax credit right now in our plan for 2015. If it comes, then it will bump our earnings up anywhere between $0.10 and $0.15, but I cant guide straight to earnings assuming something is going to happen in Washington. You now how predictive that is.
Christopher D. Quilty: Gotcha. Final question. When you look at the avionics area, which is an area where you've been doing quite well, how does the acquisition pipeline look in that area and are there specific either products or aircraft type where you think you're most interested?
Robert Mehrabian: First, there are very few if any acquisitions. There are three or four big players. It's heavily consolidated market, and our job there is very simple. Take market share, and we've been relatively successful in that. First, we have this very large sole source contract from Boeing for the next 12 or 13 years that would address specifically put our systems in 737, 737 max, 777 and next generation of 737, 737 max and 747 production aircraft. These are the high volume aircraft. The other thing is, in the market share gain, we've been very fortunate to take market away from our competitors by having some of the larger airlines that have a lot of aircraft, take out competitor products and put our data acquisition systems. For example, Northwest airlines just gave us an order to add, I'm sorry, I said Northwest, I meant Southwest, to add 85 of our data acquisition systems over the next 18 months in their existing aircraft, so market share is very important there.
Christopher D. Quilty: Gotcha. Thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli, KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael F. Ciarmoli: Good morning, guys, thanks for taking my questions. Robert, just to maybe dig in on the oil and gas. So you know, per the investor day slide deck from last year, the focus on oil and gas, you've got about 450 million in oil and gas revenues. Can you sort of tell us what the backlog is? How much visibility you have? A lot of your biggest customer also, FMC, Cameron's, we're seeing them make the CapEx cut. Is this something as they start to cut back, does this become more of a 2016 issue, or just how comfortable are you in the overall stability of that portfolio and the level of backlog that's there?
Robert Mehrabian: Ive spoken to oil explorations, I wont go over that. On the production side, we have a very healthy backlog right now. Id say we have sufficient backlog to be able to predict whats going to happen in 2015, certainly in the first nine months of 2015, and as I mentioned we don't expect to be significant change in that domain. And the flip side of that is as I mentioned, again, there are other areas of Marine that kind of make up for that, especially in defense and in size transportation hydrography etcetera.
Michael F. Ciarmoli: Okay. You guys obviously just closed on Bolt. What are the expectations there? That's a company that's seen its revenues double since 2010. What's baked into the outlook, maybe even on a bottom line for Bolt and how do you think that business performs?
Robert Mehrabian: We think that business is going to do something around $50 million next year. And it contributed about $8 million in six weeks in the end of 2014. So even if that goes down, some we think the 50 is a fairly reasonable for us. And that business has, as I mentioned before as parts of it that have more to do with search and rescue and hydrography and other business and we have same thing with Ocean Science, so thats where we are.
Michael F. Ciarmoli: So have you quantified how much accretion you'll get from that in earnings next year, on Bolt?
Robert Mehrabian: I think what will happen is we may get as much as $0.10 may be $0.08, our intangibles from that are going to be significant as always are in all of our acquisitions. If we did non-GAAP adjusted earnings which a lot of people, you're familiar with, you cover, do, we would have probably add $0.63 to our earnings because of our intangibles. So once you take the intangibles out maybe $0.08 to $0.10.
Michael F. Ciarmoli: Okay. Last one for me. You talked about some of your environmental lab and field instrumentation being weaker. How much indirect exposure do you think you guys have to some of the on shore shale where there's clearly a big focus on environmental? Is there any indirect exposure thank you guys see there?
Robert Mehrabian: No, we dont see that.
Michael F. Ciarmoli: Okay. Perfect. Thanks a lot, guys.
Robert Mehrabian: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Kirkpatrick with Cardinal Capital. Please go ahead.
Robert B. Kirkpatrick: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning Rob.
Robert B. Kirkpatrick: Could you talk about your capital expenditures program in the year that just concluded because it was the lowest I've seen in a couple of years? Why that was and what your expectation is going forward for the next couple of years, please?
Robert Mehrabian: Hi Rob, good question. What happened in the capital expenditure is that we spent a significant amount of money in 2013 especially and a little bit in early 2014 in facility consolidation and we reduced our footprint across the company by 7% as part of our cost reduction, and so that didnt happen then that slowed down in the end of 2014 and we ended up spending about $45 million. We think next year it might go up to $60 million to $65 million which is kind of our normal CapEx for a company of our size and the kinds of technologies that we have to maintain.
Robert B. Kirkpatrick: Okay and then secondly, I believe last year in 2013 spent $167 million on R&D and bid preparation. Did that go up substantially in 2014? And if so, what did it go to?
Robert Mehrabian: Thats a good number Rob, I think we also get as you know we also get another 80 to 100 from outside sources, so our total R&D is about 10% of our revenue. In 2014, it didn't change very much. I would say it's flat and we think it will be flat in 2015.
Robert B. Kirkpatrick: Super. Thank you so much.
Robert Mehrabian: 10% of our revenue between us, what we do and what we get from outside.
Robert B. Kirkpatrick: Great. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Rob.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Ricchiuti, Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
James A. Ricchiuti: Robert, I just wanted to go back to a comment you made as you were discussing the Teledyne LeCroy business. You talked about, I think, leveraging their technology in some other areas. So I wonder if you could maybe discuss that a little further?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Ill give you a specific example. We have, for example, we have a small business that does nuclear plant valve testing. What they do is they have strain gauges and software and all nuclear plants have to test their opening and closure of their valves every so often, especially after they have a fuel replacement cycle and that's a nice business, not big. It's maybe $10 million, but it makes great margins. What the LeCroy folks have been able to do is bring their expertise in digitalization and assist that company to develop a completely new product, which will probably over the next couple of years double the revenue in that one small business which has really good margins. So what we're trying to do at LeCroy is do that in a number of our other businesses. Just about every instrument that we make has relevant digitalization and a need to display the data in some form or another. They're experts at that. Especially when it comes to high definition data they have of course their new eight channel, 12-bit scope which they just launched six months ago and out-selling even our highest expectations. They bring those kinds of technology to new product development. The final thing is that LeCroy has probably the best marketing and sales channels at Teledyne across the world, and they are kind of coordinating a lot of our international sales in other instrumentation under that capability.
James A. Ricchiuti: Got it. And then just on the core LeCroy business. You talked about not being as focused on revenues. Is it just a flat market? Is sounds like LeCroy has maintained or even possibly or gained some market share?
Robert Mehrabian: I think the market when I said we are obviously want to increase revenue, but the market as a whole that whole market yes I am going to say we expect in 2015 that market to grow about 2% across the world. In some places, it will go faster. Perhaps in Europe, Middle East and Pacific might grow 3%, 4%. The U.S. has been softer. So I think the scope market is relatively flat. On the other hand we do have a protocol business is the software base business primarily that markets growing faster and that grows more or like 8% or so.
James A. Ricchiuti: Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. End of Q&A
Operator: We have no further questions on the phone line.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Vicky. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert and again thanks everyone for joining us this morning. If you have any follow-up questions again please feel free to call me on the number on the earnings release and as always, all news releases are available on our website teledyne.com. Operator if you could conclude the call and give the replay information, we'd appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 10 am today through March 2nd, 2015 at midnight. You may access the AT&T playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the code 352272. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844. Once again those numbers are 1-800-475-6701 and 1-320-365-3844 with the code 352272. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - Senior Vice President Strategy and M&A Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President and CEO Sue Main - Senior Vice President and CFO
Analysts: Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company Greg Konrad - Jefferies Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Mark Jordan - Noble Financial Group Steve Levenson - Stifel
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. Now Id like to welcome everyone to Teledynes third quarter 2014 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will answer your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings, and of course, actual results could differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Record sales of $601.1 million increased 5.2% compared to last year with reasonable organic growth of 3.4%. Third quarter GAAP earnings per share of $1.47 was also a record, increasing 19.5% compared to last year. I should note that earnings, both this year and last related by discrete tax items. Nevertheless, excluding these tax benefits and unusual charges such as restructuring and legal charges, earnings still increase at a healthy double-digit rate year-over-year. Operating margin of almost 12.4% also increased considerably and was nearly a record. Our results continued to demonstrate the successful transformation of Teledyne into a higher margin industrial technology company, committed to operational excellence. Overall sales growth was driven by strong organic growth in the U.S. of about 7% and continuing gains in international markets and some small acquisitions. While our government businesses now represented on just 25% of our total sales, we were nevertheless pleased to report modest organic growth in government sales in the quarter. In our commercial businesses, we achieved growth in all major global regions. Growth in sales in the Americas was relatively broad but particularly strong among marine instrumentation and commercial aerospace. Commercial sales in the EMEA region and Africa including Africa collectively increased slightly due in part to demand of our marine and environmental instrumentation. Finally, Asia Pacific sales continued to grow across most of our businesses but especially in avionics, electronics, relays, and test and measurement instrumentation, and digital imaging. I will now comment on our business segments after which Sue Main will give you some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2014. Turning to our Instrumentation segment, third quarter sales increased 9.3% to $280.4 million with organic growth of 5.4%. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 10.4% with organic growth of 7.5%, primarily due to continued growth in sales of interconnect systems used in offshore energy production as well as greater sales related to land-based shale projects. In addition, sales of our underwater autonomous vehicles or AUVs also increased nicely. In the environmental domain, sales increased 15.7% with organic growth of 5.7%. Most product categories spanning the process and air quality and laboratory and field instrumentation reported sales growth, both domestically and internationally. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems decreased slightly by less than $1 million. Nevertheless, were very encouraged with the improved orders year-over-year and more importantly, the improved operating margins in this business. GAAP operating profit in this segment increased and operating margin improved 118 basis points due to higher sales and improved operating performance, especially at companies acquired within the last two years. Turning to the Digital Imaging segment, this segment provides a broad portfolio of visible light, laser-based, infrared, X-ray and ultraviolet sensors, cameras and software. Third quarter sales in Digital Imaging decreased 9.1% compared to last year. This was largely a result of lower sales of infrared imaging devices to the U.S. and foreign government. Sales of sensors and cameras for commercial machine-vision applications increased driven by greater sales for semiconductor and electronic inspection. Production of [main] devices also improved. GAAP segment operating profit decreased primarily due to lower sales, but also a greater mix in the quarter of lower margin [COGS] plus as opposed to fixed price program in our government businesses and lower margins in our laser-based imaging. Turning to the aerospace and defense electronics segment. Third quarter sales increased 6.1% organically. Each product category achieved growth, but our commercial avionics business performed very well as it has always. Growth in the microwave and interconnect businesses primarily resulted from increased international and commercial sales. Operating profit more than doubled and operating margin increased 770 basis points. Even excluding significant charges in 2013 as a result of cost reduction, margins still improve over a 150 basis points. Turning to the Engineered Systems segment, third quarter revenue increased 9.9% and operating profit more than tripled with record margin of 11.6%. Both sales and margin benefited from a greater mix of marine and stage manufacturing program as opposed to defense and space engineering services program. Also we have increases in commercial hydrogen generator sales. In conclusion, our commercial businesses are growing and becoming more profitable. Our government businesses have stabilized and operate with a lower cost structure. We have a significant pending acquisition which we hope to close in the fourth quarter. We have repurchased 1.4 million shares of our stock in the first nine months of 2014. Also, due to our balance business mix, record of consistent improvement in profitability and strong cash generation, the credit markets regards us positively as reflected in our unsecured notes offering at an average fix rate of just under 3%. And finally, we expect to deliver our 13th consecutive year of GAAP earnings per share growth in 2014. I would now turn the call over to Sue Main.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2014 outlook. Regarding earnings per share, the third quarter of 2014 included pre-tax charges of $2.3 million related to asset write-downs and legal matters, offset by net discrete tax benefits of $6.1 million. The third quarter of 2013 included pre-tax charges of $14.3 million primarily related to severance and facility consolidations, offset by $11.6 million of net discrete tax benefits. Turning to cash flow, in the third quarter, cash from operating activities was $79.2 million compared with the cash flow of $49.5 million for the same period of 2013. The higher cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter of 2014 primarily reflected the impact of higher net income, the timing of accounts receivable collections, lower payments related to severance and facility consolidations partially offset by higher income tax payments. Free cash flow that is, cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $70.1 million in the third quarter of 2014 compared with $31.8 million in 2013. In September, we priced $125 million of senior unsecured notes with an average fixed rate of 2.97%. And we expect the notes to be issued in December of this year. Also in September, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement. Pursuant to this agreement and some open market transactions, we repurchased approximately 1.026 million shares in the third quarter and 1.4 million shares year-to-date. Capital expenditures were $9.1 million in the third quarter compared to $17.7 million for the same period of 2013. Depreciation and amortization expense was $23.5 million in the quarter compared with $23.1 million last year. We ended the quarter with $452 million of net debt that is $577.8 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $125.8 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 22.7%. Turning to our pension and stock compensation expense, in the third quarter of 2014, gross GAAP pension income was $0.3 million compared with gross pension expense of $4.3 million in the same period of 2013. Stock option compensation expense was $3.9 million in the third quarter of 2014 compared with $3 million in the third quarter of 2013. Finally, turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the fourth quarter of 2014 will be in the range of $1.35 to $1.39 per share. We expect full year 2014 earnings per share of approximately $5.49 to $5.53. The 2014 full year effective tax rate is expected to be 28.5% excluding discrete items, such as non-recurring tax benefits or adjustments. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if youre ready to proceed with questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And we do have a question from the line of Jim Ricchiuti. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company: Thanks, good morning. Robert, I wonder if you could spend a few moments on the pending acquisition of Bolt Technology. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about how this expands or strengthens your position in this market. And then I just have a follow-up question on the marine instrumentation business. Thanks.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure Jim. Good morning to you. First, just a little progress on both the waiting period for Hart-Scott-Rodino was October 16 and it passed. They have a shareholders meeting scheduled for November 17 and we expect, anticipate to close on November 18. In terms of the product and their fit to our businesses, they make acoustic energy sources as you know and we make essentially streamer cables. And those are very complimentary to our products. They also make some high reliability underwater cables and connectors for the same type of systems. And so that is very complementary to our oil exploration businesses. And on the other side of the ledger, they have a very strong miniature underwater remotely operated vehicle or ROVs used in maritime security search and rescue and other applications. And that complements our underwater vehicles, both tethered ROVs and untethered AUVs. And this will kind of really enhance our overall capabilities for underwater vehicles.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company: So, it sounds like there is good customer overlap but not -- certainly not that much product overlap at all or virtually not.
Robert Mehrabian: You are absolutely correct. There is some customer overlap. They actually would broaden our customer base in that domain and there is no product overlap that we know of.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company: And just if I may, one final question on -- you touched a little bit on the energy market, the exploration market, just in light of the volatility and oil prices. At what point do prices get to levels where it could begin to negatively impact this part of your business, which has been going very well as weve seen from some of the recent orders?
Robert Mehrabian: I think, if you kind of take a ballpark number like $80 a barrel for oil, then on the exploration side, we are already seeing some weakness in there. I would say it could be as much as 15% to 20% in the exploration side. Right now, we have not seen any effect on our production businesses. Most of the production businesses that were involved in, at least the offshore ones, are deep or offshore deepwater productions with very long life. And the $80 doesnt seem to affect those significantly. If it goes below 80, we may see some effect in the shorter term. But right now, were not seeing that. And I think for the next year, based on especially some of the recent wins that weve announced, we should be okay.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company: Got it. Thanks very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Konrad. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad - Jefferies: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Konrad - Jefferies: I was hoping to just start with engineered systems. You had both good top and bottom-line growth. Does a lot of this growth from programs that youve won over the past two years? And do you kind of view this rate sustainable as we go forward?
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. Thats a great question. I think fundamentally, we have as you know were priming now some programs. So, the best I can say about that business is its kind of stabilized. I know we had significant growth this quarter. We might even have a little growth next quarter. But what we have done is we have a number of [prime] programs and the Launch Vehicle Stage Adapter is one that has helped us with increased revenue. Some of our manufacturing specialty gun mounts for literal combat ship, thats a little lumpy. So, we had some gains here because we shipped more than last year, but that was kind of normalized next year. I think the best I can say about this business, Greg is that we expect year-over-year especially going forward into next year that this business is stabilized. We used to be heavily dependent on just missile defense and -- now we have broadened our base into manufacturing, as well as underwater vehicles like the shallow water combat vehicle and of course the glider programs that we have in our other marine businesses that are being managed from a systems perspective by this segment. So, were happy with the business. Its stable now and we think it will just go along as it has been.
Greg Konrad - Jefferies: And then just a quick question on pension, I know you guys are fully funded, but when I think about half done in that 21, does that change your cash flow at all, pension-related as we go through the next couple of years?
Robert Mehrabian: I am going to ask Susan to answer that question.
Sue Main: Yes. No, those changes dont impact us.
Greg Konrad - Jefferies: Okay, thanks. Thats all Ive got and thanks for your time.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: We have the next question from the line of Michael Ciarmoli. Please go ahead.
Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey good morning guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning.
Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Robert, just to maybe stay on the topic of energy and well get back to that topic of energy and oil prices. You guys had your Analyst Day earlier in the year, a lot of focus on oil and gas, a lot of focus on -- what sort of drivers would power your business whether its production or orders for trees? I mean what should we be watching for as the biggest driver? I know you said exploration has been weak, production holding, but I mean are you guys really tracking industry wide CapEx to get a gauge on how this business performs or should we just watch overall tree awards that are out there? I mean, can you give us a maybe a sense of what the biggest drivers are that we should be watching?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. First and foremost, the marine portfolio that we have is relatively diversified. You mentioned obviously oil exploration thats probably this year going to be about 17% to 18% of that business. Then if you flip over to oil production that I would say is maybe 30% to 35% of the business. So, lets just say, double the oil exploration. Interestingly, now we also have onshore land oil production especially offering cables and systems for shale oil production and that maybe somewhere between 7% and 8% of the business. Then interestingly again, underwater and construction transportation hydrography in the oceans, thats about 25% of our business. Then defense, security and other things are 14%. So, when you look at a portfolio thats about $600 million, its really diversified. So, while we dont really think the oil production is going to change significantly for us and while we believe oil exploration will go down somewhat because of the diversity of the portfolio and because of acquisitions that were making, we think that this is a fairly stable portfolio. And frankly its our highest margin set of businesses.
Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thats helpful. And then maybe just shifting last one I had, how should we be thinking about the digital imaging margins given the contract mix there maybe some of the more kind of cyclically sensitive industrial markets out there, European exposure I mean. Should we think you can snap these margins back up to a low double-digit rate or kind of whats the expectation that you guys are looking out there?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with just looking at the mix of the businesses, the two parts of the business: the Teledyne Scientific & Imaging, which is a mixture of our science laboratories, R&D labs which about $50 million in revenue, where we take no profit at all. Every dollar is reinvested in that business to help get new products to the best of the company. The imaging business there is a mixture of primarily government but now starting to get some commercial businesses and it may have margins up about 10%. But when you combine the two where you take one-third of the business that you take no profit from, then margin starts creeping down. If you go to the other part of our imaging business thats primarily in Canada and thats DALSA. The machine-vision business is doing relatively well and we expect that to do well and with improved margins going forward. We also have x-ray business that while its going a little slower than we had hoped, it does enjoy good margin. Where in that business where weve suffered a little bit is on our laser-based imaging businesses. And that I hope will come back. So overall, I think in the next quarter maybe margins would go up slightly versus this quarter. But I think in the DALSA businesses, I expect margins to improve next year in the scientific laboratories and imaging businesses in this country which are the high end market businesses. I expect those to stay around where they are. So overall I think this businesses while may not improve very much next quarter, they will be better next year.
Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, perfect. Thats helpful. Ill jump back in the queue here.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks a lot.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Mark Jordan. Please go ahead.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial Group: Thank you. Good morning, Robert. Obviously excellent operating margins for the instrumentation business of 16.7% which is a high watermark as far as my recent history at least; adding I guess Bolt and if you look at Bolt I think add back the contingent liability expenses that will pass through the P&L that would normally have operating margin in the 20% to 23% range. With the addition of Bolt, could we assume that the positive impact of that should keep on an annual basis the instrumentation margin in a low 16% range?
Robert Mehrabian: I think about that yes with the intangible amortization, I think youre right. Yes.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial Group: Okay. Secondly, could you talk a little bit about how youre structuring your balance sheet now and moving forward relative to the desired size of fixed rate in the term of fixed rate deck and what role that would play moving forward in your debt structure?
Robert Mehrabian: I think Mark, the fixed rate is -- right now most of our debt is fixed rate. Well have a little maturity next year. I would say by the end of this year, our fixed rate would after the acquisitions, assuming the acquisition is successful; our fixed rate would be about 65%. Interestingly enough, when you add all of our revolver and other funds availability, we will still have about over $700 million of available cash for acquisitions. If you fast forward to next year and you say okay we basically dont buy anything because we cant assume right now what might be available or what we may be able to buy, if we dont buy anything, our fixed rate then will go over 80% to 85% or so and our flexibility will improve from $700 million to $850 million in terms of cash available to do things, and our debt to EBITDA ratio will drop to about 1.2.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial Group: Thank you. Final question if I may, I think youve changed management up in DALSA about four months ago. With that change, has there been any initiation of any major initiatives in terms of changing the operational structure or your strategy up there, as a result of a new, fresh look of the new management team?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. First, I should note that Brian Doody who was running DALSA and has done a great job there, decided to retire voluntarily and that gave us an opportunity to send Rex Geveden, whos been heading Engineered Systems segment and heading up PS&I, actually DALSA was reporting to him. He moved to Canada. And so, what is changing there? Under Rex are three things: First, probably weve been at the high-end of the machine-vision market through at -- Im very successful at it. But weve kind of not paid as much attention to the mid market and other people have been enjoying the mid market. So, its kind of on a focus both on higher end and mid market. Second, a lot of our products there have been a line scan and CCD-based, but now were increasing significantly our efforts in CMOS-based sensors and also trying to increase our emphasis from line scan to area scan. And then finally, there are two major initiatives in the DALSA business, both in Canada and the Netherland. And those in the joint Canada Netherland is the CMOS X-ray business which is coming along, its really one of the future drivers for that business. And the second one is of course the uncooled infrared initiative that we have in our Bromont mens foundries. And those are coming along really well. And we hope that by next year we will have wafer leveled package infrared, uncooled infrared devices available to the market. So, those are the kinds of shifts that Rex is initiating.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial Group: Okay. Thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Steve Levenson. Please go ahead.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: Back to oil prices and does this open up acquisition opportunities for you and do you think the lower oil price helps you on the negotiating side in terms of price?
Robert Mehrabian: I hope youre right on both count. Anything that has to do with oil exploration, peoples expectations are so high. I hope this will moderate those expectations somewhat and give us an opportunity. I think that may happen. On the flip side, everybody knows that this might be just a timing issue. All the studies that we look show that per capita energy consumption and oil consumption is going to go significantly up when you compare what were using in the countries like the U.S. versus what is being used in China and the level of development thats happening. So, everything that we look at points to increased demand for energy. And so, I hope youre right, the temporary setbacks in the price of the oil will give us some opportunities, but Im not sure.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: Okay, thanks. Question on the avionics side, does the switch over to some of the new re-engine airplane models change or content at all or do you pretty much hold your work statement where it is?
Robert Mehrabian: I think were going to do fine I believe especially with our very large contract and agreements with Boeing. The Next Generation 737 and the 737 MAX, well have our aircraft data acquisition systems on them. And our information management system is also going to be on the Next Generation 737 and 737 MAX and 747-8 production aircraft. And were holding our own with Airbus. We think overall that business is one of our healthier businesses especially considering the backlog that both Airbus and Boeing are enjoying.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: Okay, thanks. And last one was the pending acquisition of Bolt; I know that youve been really good at reducing footprint and cutting overhead. Do you think there are some opportunities to do that including some of your legacy businesses?
Robert Mehrabian: I think certainly when you take a public company, a standalone small public company and you absorb it in another public company, some of the public company expenses would go away. In terms of the footprint, the area that -- theyre in three locales: one is San Diego where they make their small inspection of class ROVs; they have an operation in Houston and they have an operation in Connecticut. We have other operations in the Houston area which would probably help us with potentially consolidating. But more importantly, I think in the Houston area they have a very attractive production facility and machining facility that will help us reduce the amount of investment we have to make because of our own oil productions are growing so fast. So, the advantage there would be for early reducing some of our going forward CapEx requirement.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: Thanks for all the detail.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: We do have a question from the line of Jim Ricchiuti. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company: Robert, I wondered if you could comment on the electronic test and measurement portion of the business. It looks like revenues were down $1 million or so at Teledyne LeCroy. Can you talk a little bit about what youre seeing in that market?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start by saying we really like that business. For this group year-over-year, even though sales were down slightly, sales and orders increased modestly, sequentially but most importantly to us several things have happened in that business. First, their margins have improved significantly in the last year, and I expect that to continue. When you have large acquisitions, for us large like LeCroy and large acquisitions like DALSA, and when their margins start improving, that has a very positive effect on our earnings. We are also introducing some very nice products there. We introduced two products just a few months ago in July, WaveSurfer 3000 which has had a very strong market acceptance, and a high definition oscilloscope, a channel with 12-bit scope which obviously increases the resolution. Its outselling our expectations significantly. So, we expect to have success in this business; and also introduced new product laded on for other applications and the ones that weve been in. And then lastly but just as significantly for me is that the acquisition has brought some very seasoned management to Teledyne including of course Tom Reslewic who is not only running LeCroy but he is also heading up our environmental businesses which is very helpful.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company: Got it. So, a combination with the strength in bookings the new products and potentially some newer products that could be hitting in the next couple of quarters; it sounds like you see this showing growth over the next several quarters, is that fair to say?
Robert Mehrabian: I would say modest growth, but more importantly because of the change in the product mix and kind of in some ways modest ways Teledynizing the business, we expect that margins would improve significantly which is just to me thats very important.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company: Fair enough. Thanks very much. Thats very helpful.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And there are no additional questions at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. I will now ask Jason to conclude the conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert. And again, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. And if you have any follow-up questions, please call me at the number listed on the earnings release. And again, all our news releases are available on our website teledyne.com. Operator if you could conclude todays conference call and provide the replay details that would be ideal. Thank you everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 am Pacific today through November 23rd. You may access the AT&T Executive replay system at any time by dialing 800-475-6701 and entering the access code 332979. International participants dial 320-365-3844. Once again those numbers are 800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 with access code 332979. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - Senior Vice President of Strategy, Mergers & Acquisitions and Member of Sarbanes-Oxley Disclosure Committee Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Susan L. Main - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Member of Sarbanes-Oxley Disclosure Committee
Analysts: Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Teledyne Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various risks, assumptions and caveats as noted in our earnings release and our periodic SEC filings, and of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast, and a replay, both via webcast and dial in, will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Sales in the second quarter were $597.1 million. GAAP earnings per share of $1.47 were an all-time record, increasing 30% compared to last year. I should note that earnings related by other pretax income of $8.2 million. Nonetheless, even excluding this income, earnings increased substantially year-over-year. Our results demonstrate the successful transformation of Teledyne into a high-margin industrial technology company. With record sales to the marine and offshore energy markets, instrumentation segment sales increased 7.2% in the quarter. In addition, greater sales of high-margin commercial avionics and machine-vision cameras helped offset expected decline in government sales in our digital imaging and different electronics businesses. In the second quarter, sales to international and domestic commercial customers comprised approximately 76% of our total revenue. Furthermore, due to their high margins, this business has contributed over 80% of our profit. Given the continued mix shift across Teledyne, as well as prior and ongoing cost reduction efforts, operating margin increased over 150 basis points to 12.4% and was a record for any quarters. While total revenue was relatively flat, organic growth in the U.S. and international commercial markets and some small acquisitions more than offset a decline in sales to the U.S. government and an expected decline in sales resulting from the completion of a software-based radio program with a foreign government, which contributed over $20 million to each of the first and second quarter of 2013. Once you note that, year-over-year comparisons in the third quarter of this year will be more normalized. In the commercial businesses, we achieved growth in all major global regions. Growth in nondefense sales in the Americas was relatively broad-based but particularly strong in the avionics domain. Other than the foreign military program just mentioned, sales to Europe, the Middle East and Africa, collectively, increased, due in part to demand for our oil and gas instrumentation businesses. Finally, Asia Pacific sales continued to grow due in large part to increased sales of machine-vision cameras. Orders were generally healthy across the company with a book-to-bill ratio of just over one. I will now comment on our business segment, after which Sue Main will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earning outlook for the third quarter and full year 2014. Turning to the instrumentation segment. Second quarter sales increased 7.2% to $276.6 million with international sales representing over 55% of this revenue. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 9.9% with organic growth of 7.5%, primarily due to continued growth in sales of interconnect systems used in offshore energy production, as well as increased sales of autonomous underwater vehicles, or AUVs. In the environmental domain, sales of process and air monitoring equipment declined slightly primarily due to tough comparisons. On the other hand, laboratory and field instrumentation sales increased over 20% from last year, largely due to acquisitions but also some organic growth. This product also showed a substantial improvement from the first quarter of 2014. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems, comprised of Teledyne LeCroy and one other small product line formerly part of our environmental business, decreased about $2 million. GAAP operating profit increased but margin was relatively flat in the instrumentation businesses, due in part to the impact of recent acquisitions and some decline within the environmental group, offset by margin improvements among marine instrumentation and electronic, test and measurement. Turning to digital imaging segment. The segment provides a broad portfolio of visible light, laser-based, infrared, X-ray and ultraviolet sensors, cameras and software. Second quarter sales in digital imaging decreased slightly compared to last year. Sales of sensors and cameras for commercial machine-vision applications increased nicely, driven by greater sales for semiconductors and electronics inspection. However, this gain was offset by lower sales of infrared imaging sensors and systems to the U.S. government. GAAP segment operating profit increased substantially with margin about 370 basis points greater than last year due to our lower cost structure, coupled with a higher margin commercial sales mix. Turning to the aerospace and defense electronics segment. Sales -- second quarter sales decreased 10.2% or $17.3 million. However, I want to again emphasize that the first and second quarters of 2013 each included approximately $20 million in sales related to a specific software-based radio program, which is now complete. Besides this negative comparison, the segment performed well with growth in our commercial avionics and satellite communication businesses offsetting other decline. Despite the reduction in overall sales, operating profit increased about 290 basis points primarily as a result of cost-reduction actions. Turning to engineered systems segment. Second quarter revenue declined from last year as a result of lower government sales. Other orders continue to be strong with segment book-to-bill ratios of 1.12 for this quarter and 1.2 for the first half overall. Given the healthy backlog, we expect that year-over-year growth in this segment in the second half of the 2014. Segment operating profit increased considerably despite lower sales with margin improvement of about 200 basis -- 230 basis points due to a change in GAAP pension expense in prior year to a modest pension income this year. In conclusion, I am very pleased with the overall performance of our company, where a reduced cost structure and strategic actions taken since 2004 to minimize our pension have resulted in improved margin and profitability. Furthermore, sales from our commercial industrial businesses continue to grow across the company. The performance of our marine businesses is very strong, and there have been solid gain in commercial machine vision, as well as avionics and satellite communication. Also, our earnings outlook, which Sue will discuss shortly, projects our 13th consecutive year of GAAP earnings growth. Finally, free cash flow was almost $100 million during the first 6 months. Our acquisition pipeline is robust, and we will continue to balance capital deployment between acquisitions, internal investment and some shared repurchases. I would now turn the call over to Sue Main.
Susan L. Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our third quarter and full year 2014 outlook. Regarding earnings per share. While the second quarter of 2014 included a $0.6 million of net gain on legal settlements, the second quarter of 2013 included $0.9 million of discrete tax benefit. Turning to cash flow. In the second quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $94 million compared with the cash flow of $112.8 million for the same period of 2013. The lower cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter of 2014 primarily reflected the timing of accounts receivable collections, payments of accrued severance and facility consolidation costs and higher income tax payments, partially offset by the receipt of $10 million related to a legal settlement. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $85.1 million in the second quarter of 2014 compared with $92.8 million in 2013. Given our strong cash flow and fully-funded pension, the company used $12 million in the second quarter of 2014 to repurchase approximately 126,000 shares of its common stock under its stock repurchase program authorized in October 2011. Capital expenditures were $8.9 million in the second quarter compared to $20 million for the same period of 2013. Depreciation and amortization expense was $23.4 million in the quarter compared with $22.1 million last year. We ended the quarter with $405.8 million as net debt, that is $509.2 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $103.4 million for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 20%. Turning to pension and stock option compensation expense. In the quarter, second quarter of 2014, gross GAAP pension income was $0.4 million compared with gross pension expense of $4.4 million in the same period of 2013. Stock option compensation expense was $3.6 million in the second quarter of 2014 compared with $2.8 million in the second quarter of 2013. Finally, turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2014 will be in the range of $1.26 to $1.30 per share. We expect full year 2014 earnings per share of approximately $5.31 to $5.35. The 2014 full year effective tax rate is expected to be 28.7% excluding discrete items, such as nonrecurring tax benefits or adjustments. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would like to take your questions now. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll open the line of Mark Jordan at Noble Financial.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Robert, question relative to digital group. In mid-May, you changed management there, moved Rex up to Canada. Could you -- 2 questions. What are his nearer-term sort of goals and objectives as you've given him reins of that organization? Second question, longer term, being a year or 2 out, what should the digital group be able to generate from a normalized operating margin basis?
Robert Mehrabian: Mark, first, Rex -- let me start by saying Brian Doody, as you recall, voluntarily retired from the position, and Rex was kind enough to assume that leadership in mid-quarter. I think in the short term, he's focusing on improving a focus on the areas of improving our CMOS products, area scan products. Now, of course, we have 2 major programs there that we are depending on for future growth. One of them is our X-ray businesses, and the second one is the uncooled infrared businesses that we're working on. So those are his immediate focus points. In the longer term, I think that business has a potential to grow substantially, both organically and through some acquisitions. And Rex, having had experience at the corporate level and running multiple segments, is well suited to lead that effort. In terms of the margins, I think margins in that business, normalized margins are going to be, near term, 10% or maybe a little higher, but in that range. Margins have primarily improved this year versus last because of the cost reductions that were undertaken.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Do you have any expectations, if you will, to look out, say, 2 to 3 years, what type of operating margin potential might be at that organization?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I -- we're aiming to -- first, I want to say that we do have about 300 basis points of intangibles in that business. But even with taking that into consideration, I think the margins in the imaging, in the DALSA imaging business, are going to be higher than our overall imaging business. I'm going to say somewhere between 12% and 14% a couple of years out.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Kevin Ciabattoni with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I wanted to start first in -- with the offshore business and instrumentation. I mean, it sounds like you guys are still seeing solid production activity. Just curious what you're seeing there in terms of share gains and shift that content increases that you talked about a few months ago, and then whether there's -- you've seen any pickup on the exploration side of that business.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me take the second part of the question first. The exploration side in general has not been as strong as the production side. While there is activity and some of our customers, our major customers, is still investing significantly in capital. We don't think the exploration side is going to grow substantially in the near term. The production is a whole different story. There are activities all across the world, increased activities in production, especially in what we call very deepwaters, which would be over 5,000 feet. And that benefits us not just in our interconnect systems because of increased number of trees that are being installed, but also because people are focusing on pushing more production processing to the seafloor versus bringing stuff up to the surface. And then finally, since a lot of this work is done in introducing the connectors, for example, and sensors is done with remotely operated vehicles, we also benefit there from -- or velocity measurement systems, underwater velocity measurement system for stability, as well as some of our other sensors that are using -- including inertial navigation system. So overall, I think in the production side, we have robust orders. I think our order book to revenue is above 1.2 presently or over 1.2. And some the projects are very large, and we're getting long-term programs that are worth over $25 million to us.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Next, I just want to look at the engineered systems. I know missile defense was down in the quarter. I know it's not a huge piece of the overall business, but just wondering if that was more timing on the OSF project that might fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter, or should we continue to keep seeing that kind of tick down?
Robert Mehrabian: I think, Kevin, engineered systems should do pretty well in the second half of this year. I expect the revenues to be significantly up in the next 2 quarters. There's some decline in OSF, but I would say the primary declines in that business have been in our system engineering and technical assistance program. Five years ago, 6 years ago, that business was about $107 million-a-year business. This year, we're projecting about $7 million, so $100 million decrease. That sounds like a lot for us. On the other hand, that's a very low-margin business, 2% to 3%, a lot of patch-through work. And so the loss -- it doesn't hurt profitability that much, but it is obviously reflected in the revenues. But I think revenue in that overall in engineering systems is stabilized, and we have new manufacturing programs. We have the OSF you mentioned. There's the shallow waters submerge vehicle program of--the $1 million program. There's the glider programs that they lead, and they have a robust manufacturing program. So I think that business is going to be all right moving forward.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then last one, just kind of a housekeeping question for me and then I'll jump back in queue. What are -- what should we be looking at in terms of CapEx for the back half of the year? 2Q came in with the lowest we've seen in a long time, if not ever. So just kind of curious to what the expectation there is going forward.
Robert Mehrabian: I'll let Sue answer that. Susan?
Susan L. Main: So we're looking at about $65 million for the year. It could be a little slightly less.
Operator: We'll go next to line of Jim Ricchiuti from Needham & Company.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I had a question just on book-to-bill. Robert, I think you gave an overall book-to-bill for the company, and I think you've touched on some book-to-bills for a few of the segments. Could you just provide the book-to-bill for instrumentation and digital imaging and aerospace and defense?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think digital imaging is a little over 1. I'm going to say 1 point -- maybe 5% over 1, 2% over 1. Instrumentation is about 1, with marine being -- the production side of marine being very strong and the exploration side being weak. Test and measurement is just less than 1. Environmental is about 1. So I'm going to say instrumentation, overall, is slightly above 1. Though where we have weakness is in the aerospace and defense area, especially in Q2, and that's because of the comp that I mentioned visvis that $20 million program. But we think the second half of the year is going to be closer to 1. Engineered systems is about 1.12 in Q2, and the first 6 months is 1.2 book-to-bill ratio. So we expect the improvements there. So overall, for the company, the first 6 months of the year, book-to-bill is about 1.04 or 5, about 4% or 5% over revenue.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And you touched on this -- I mean, it came up in some of the questions. I just wanted to pursue it a little more. On the marine side, in terms of the opportunity on the production side of the business it seems like we're hearing more and more about ultra deepwater activities. And to what extent is that a major focus of your R&D effort within that business? And when would we see that really begin to impact revenues?
Robert Mehrabian: The -- actually, Jim, it is already showing some impact on our revenues for 2 reasons. First, we are getting a significant amount of R&D funds from our customers, and some of it has to do with materials reliability, which becomes a serious issue at very deepwaters. The second part is as you go deeper and as you have to then send power down deeper, you want to increase the voltage on your feedthroughs so that you don't have as much current going through and heating up the -- and losing the power basically. And so you need connectors on the seafloor that can withstand those high yield voltage. So what happens there is that we are providing now ceramic feedthroughs, which are bringing us new resources and new customers. I think the feedback we're getting from our customers is that our research and development programs are significantly aiding our ability to get large programs from our customers. And as I said, the book-to-bill in that area is over 1.2.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And so if we were to look out a few years from just this portion of the business, this type of ultra deepwater application, any sense as to the revenue opportunity for you?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, this year, if I look at the quarter, that business is up about, I'm going to say, 10%, 15%, maybe 20%. I don't know if we can keep that level up. But I think in the short term, with the book-to-bill being what it is, we should be between 10% and 15%. So over the long term, we have very high aspirations for our oil and gas business. By the way, I should also note that some of our land-based oil and gas business is also improving, where we supply cables and other products, connectors. And there's been more activity there, too. So we're seeing some growth in that whole area. So I would say, overall, both in deepwater, as well as land-based, where our book to bill is now 1.1%, we see future growth.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And you characterized the acquisition pipeline as fairly robust. I wonder if you could comment in -- maybe in broad terms in what areas. And will these last -- it seems like more of the recent acquisitions have been smaller-type acquisitions, bolt-on. They've strengthened your positions in certain areas. I wonder if you could just elaborate on what you're seeing out there.
Robert Mehrabian: Jim, I think it's robust because we're looking at a lot of things. That's what I meant by -- whether we're a success will depend on, obviously, always on price and somebody's willingness to sell it at a reasonable price. But having said that, the areas that we're looking at are, primarily at the present time, in digital imaging and in instrumentation. And the digital imaging can range from sensors, vision systems to software to x-rays. Obviously, as you know, we're pretty excited about our highly sensitive and high-performance CMOS x-ray sensors. So that's one area we're looking at. The other area in instrumentation, we're always, always looking at marine instrumentation. As you know, we have one business in there 10 years ago. Now we have 14 businesses, 13 of them acquisition. So we're always looking in that area. While prices are pretty high, our appetite to pay maybe a little more than we use to is improving.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And one final question if I may, and I'll jump back in the queue. You may have given it, but did you say what the organic growth rate was in the quarter? And what did acquisitions add in the quarter in terms of revenues?
Robert Mehrabian: Organic growth in instrumentation was about 3%, and it changed from marine improving about 7.5% with some of the others decreasing. Digital imaging was relatively flat. It was down a little bit. Where we have the most decrease in -- organically were in our aerospace and defense, primarily due to the program I mentioned, and engineered systems that we discussed. So if we exclude the one program, the U.K. program, we had a slight increase in growth, I'd say, maybe 1%, 1.5%. Moving forward, however, I think that, that will improve somewhat. The first half of the year, the overall revenue for the company was flat vis--vis the last year. In the second half of the year, we expect in the third quarter to have maybe 6% or so growth and continue that into the fourth quarter. So that when we end the year, maybe we'll have 3% or so revenue growth, which would be pretty good because most of it would be organically, assuming that we don't buy anything in the meantime.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Howard Rubel with Jefferies.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Robert, one simple housekeeping question for Sue maybe. The legal settlement, should we figure that was about $0.15?
Susan L. Main: Yes. Yes, well, in that range.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then just to characterize your markets for a moment. You did -- marine sounds, like on balance, a little bit better than GDP. Maybe some of the other instrumentation market's a little more challenging. Could you talk about how you're seeing it? And what are you doing to try to do a little bit better?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In the -- I think in the marine, you've mentioned -- so I won't dwell on that. I think in the test and measurement domain, we're seeing improvements in Asia and Europe. We're seeing weakness in the U.S. So Tom Reslewic is looking at a whole range of options about the way we sell products and is also introducing some exciting new products, which should -- which are gaining some foothold. So I think the other piece of it is the environmental part of our program. That should be okay because air quality monitoring and water quality monitoring programs are relatively strong. So we think that that's going to be around what the -- growth in a -- in those programs would be around GDP. Now going to digital imaging, you've got to divide that into 2 pieces. There is the DALSA digital imaging, which is primarily commercial, and we have digital imaging here, as you're well aware, that's primarily government-oriented. The DALSA digital imaging is growing in the single digit, lower single digit. Whereas we have some contraction in our government digital imaging business, even though both of those businesses improve profitability significantly in Q2. Moving to the third segment, which would be the engineered systems segment. As I said, we expect revenues there to improve in the second half of the year significantly over the first half because of our book to bill being so healthy. And then lastly, in our aerospace and defense programs, that difficult comp in Q1 and Q2, with the European program that we had, is going to go away. So we're going to have more normalized revenue there for -- as in terms of comparisons. And I'd expect those to be above the GDP. So -- go ahead.
Howard A. Rubel - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then -- that's helpful. And then one last thing, the autonomous underwater UAVs. You have, obviously, a great position in the market. How -- do you continue to see robust number of opportunities? And could you discuss them a little bit, please?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. Howard, you're very familiar with that area. It is really growing very nicely for us. Of course, you know our glider program. We have -- we've had a source program with The Navy for 150 gliders. We just won a second program, both for maintenance of what we produce but also new glider programs. So -- and we also have glider programs are doing well in scientific missions across the world. And then if you move to our powered underwater vehicles, you may recall we bought a business, Gavia, a few years ago. Before we bought them, I think over the many years, they only sold a couple of handful. We're selling a couple of handfuls a year, and those are very expensive vehicles. And they're used for survey and other deepwater activities. We also have smaller vehicles, and we're also putting power on some of our gliders. And we're always looking to see if we can add to that portfolio. We just invested in a small company that's developing a vehicle that -- they're a combination of a surface vehicle and a glider, and they've moved in our facilities. So that -- overall, I think in the long term, that's our really good business for us. Because when you get the truck, which is the way we look at those things, then we add all of our sensors, we've got 10 businesses that make sensors and water measurement, current measurement devices and initial navigation systems and acoustic vision systems, so we can load all of those on our trucks, which is very -- obviously, very advantageous for us.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Just a question. Are the challenges of the environments where you've got sour gas impeding growth at all on the offshore market particularly? Is that a problem that some of the other suppliers have? Or is that something that your stuff addresses?
Robert Mehrabian: I don't know, Steve. I can't answer that because I don't know much about that subject. But I'll be happy to find out and get back to you.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that'd be great. Second, I saw recently that some of the vision systems are being used in food safety applications. And I'm wondering if that's a new market, if you see the ability to penetrate that in a much greater number or if it's already beginning to mature and I'm just late on it. And what other measures do you see that might be new for the machine-vision equipment?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, we've always had some cameras that are used in food processing. We also have that TapTone line, that you're familiar with, that uses various sensors. For example, all those -- a lot of those coffee...
Susan L. Main: Teacup.
Robert Mehrabian: What do you call it?
Susan L. Main: Teacup.
Robert Mehrabian: Teacups are inspected using our system, millions and millions of them, obviously. We -- what we're trying to do is we're also trying to get some of the DALSA cameras combined with some of our other sensors in TapTone line. So that's a nice area for us, and it's a growth area.
Operator: We'll go to next to the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to follow up just real quickly on the engineered systems business. Can you give us, Robert, an update on where the business mix stands today in terms of, I guess, I'll call it, hardware versus services and where you expect that to go in the future?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think, by and large, Chris, we're trying to move more into the hardware domain. With the exception of NASA, that's a fairly stabilized for us. The hardware business is where the most improvement have occurred over the past few years. Turbine engines has always been a good business, but it's going to be fairly stable where it is. And in our OSF program, our submerged vehicle program, I think there have been improvements. I'd say hardware is going to end up being a little over 50%.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And are there -- I mean, you had a couple of big program wins, I think 3 program wins in the last 1.5 year or so. Are there any other big whale opportunities in the pipeline?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, there are. But the problem with that is you never know if you're going to get them. The ones that we've got, which were very interesting, were obviously subject to simulation framework, which is OSF, which significant goes out to 2018. The combat vehicle, submersible combat vehicle, you're very familiar with that. We got more recently. We had the launch vehicle stage adapter -- the NASA program for $60 million, and we have engineering solutions and prototyping program. And we have high aspirations for our space imaging, obviously, on the International Space Station. So we're always bidding on big programs. But right now, we have a fairly nice portfolio of long-term programs in that business that should help us going forward.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got you. And the digital imaging business, have we hit the point now with the declines in the defense programs where we'll -- it should flatten out? Or are there further declines, you think, in those programs that you still have to work through?
Robert Mehrabian: I think digital imaging is going to be relatively flat when you combine our DALSA businesses with our government businesses. On the government businesses, while some of the defense is challenged, we do have a lot of programs in space imaging, from both ground-based and space-based imaging. For example, the European programming that we have, as well as the James Webb Telescope, which we actually just delivered our products there. So I think -- and then we're getting into some classified programs in digital imaging, which should help us in the long term. So I think in the short term, digital imaging is going to be relatively flat. In the long term, I think DALSA is going to grow significantly.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So if I'm reading you correct, there's probably still some declines in the government that are offsetting your GDP growth, plus in the DALSA?
Robert Mehrabian: That's fair, but I think some of that is behind us, fortunately, I hope. We're seeing, for example, in some other places, Chris, like in -- we haven't seen traveling wave tube orders for a long time. We're starting to get some orders now, some repairs and some new orders. So we think some of those declines are behind us.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And with regard to the M&A strategy, is there any emphasis on expanding the breadth of your product portfolio versus vertical integration to drive down costs and supply chain issues? Or is it just opportunistic?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, it's both. We -- I'm a little skeptical about stepping too far from our core competence, because we always worry about what would we bring other than money and maybe -- and management fee[ph].
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: You got money.
Robert Mehrabian: But there are things that are exciting. And some of those come back to our research lab. Let me give you one example of an area that we think has potential, if we could find something. We have in our laboratories here, we've developed some very interesting filtration system, quoted filters that are very effective, for example, in cleaning up extremely dirty water, such as the water that you get in the frac-ing operation. And as you well know, that water, in order to reuse it, you have to filter it and then you take the brine because they have much as 30%, 40%, 50%, then you got to ship it offsite. If you can do it more efficiently, then your contrary extraction [ph]. We do have some technology. Then for the first time, we might look at potential acquisitions that would be related to our technologies than just because we have a business. If we have an exciting technology and we can find a business that we can hoist that into, that might be attractive for us.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got you. And final question here, I guess following up on that. When you look at R&D -- internal R&D spending, are there any unusual trends that have been either up or down across the product portfolio? Or any changes anticipated?
Robert Mehrabian: Fundamentally not, with the only exception -- as you know in our scientific laboratories here, all the profit is reinvested in the R&D. So part of the reason that when we look at the -- our imaging businesses, about 20% of the profit in that business is sunk back into supporting our program. So R&D is gone -- overall, I think it's going to be relatively flat.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up from the line of Kevin Ciabattoni from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I was actually going to touch on the defense portion of digital imaging, but Chris hit it, so I'm all good.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. I will ask now Jason to conclude the conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, Robert, and again, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. And, of course, if you have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release and all news release are available on our website as well. Operator, if you could conclude the conference call and provide the replay details, we would appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 a.m. Pacific Time today, running through midnight on August 24. You may access the AT&T replay system by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code of 325805. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President and CEO Sue Main - Senior Vice President and CFO Melanie Cibik - Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Analysts: Greg Konrad - Jefferies Mark Jordan - Noble Financial Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company Chris Quilty - Raymond James Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Steve Levenson - Stifel
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's first quarter 2014 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining us today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will answer your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and periodic SEC filings, and of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Teledyne started 2014 with record quarterly sales and earnings per share. Sales were $573.5 million and earnings per share was $1.20, which increased 12.1%, compared to last year. With the significant cost reduction actions taken in 2013, the higher margin commercial sales mix and a well-funded pension, we were able to generate margin improvement of 116 basis points. As a reminder, in the last two years, we reduced our workforce by 8.8% and during 2013, we consolidated operations across 15 sites with a reduction of over 375,000 square feet or approximately 7% of our total footprint. While total revenue increased only modestly, organic growth in the U.S. and international commercial markets and small -- some small acquisitions more than offset a decline in sales to the U.S. government and an expected decline in sales resulting from completion of a software-based radio program with a foreign government which impacted both the first and the second quarters of 2013. This quarter orders were generally strong across the company with the total book-to-bill ratio of 1.07 with robust orders in our marine oil and gas instrumentation businesses contributing significantly. In the first quarter, sales to international and domestic commercial customers comprised approximately 75% of our total revenue. Furthermore, given the greater profitability, these businesses contributed over 80% of our profit. I will now comment on our business segment after which Sue Main will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the second quarter and full year 2014. Turning to our instrumentation segment, first quarter sales increased 11.3% to $258.9 million with international sales representing over 55% of this revenue. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 18.5%, with organic of 8% primarily due to continued growth in sales of interconnect systems used in offshore energy production, as well as an increased sales of system used for current and wave measurement and inertial sensors for Remotely Operated Underwater Vehicles or ROVs. Orders were also strong with a book-to-bill ratio of 1.13. In the environmental domain, sales of process and air monitoring equipment increased 3.1%, driven by renewed growth in domestic market. Laboratory and field instrumentation sales increased slightly due to the acquisition of CETAC, the provider of automated sampling systems. Sales of electronic test and measurement systems also increased $1.5 million. This represented an organic growth of 3.4%. GAAP segment operating profit increased but margins declined slightly due in part to resent acquisitions and $900,000 reserve taken in the quarter. Excluding the impact of recent acquisitions, margin improvement within marine instrumentation and electronic test and measurement increased but were partially offset by declines within the environmental group. Finally, in this segment we completed a small acquisition Photon Machines at the beginning of the second quarter. There will be minimal impact on sales because Teledyne CETAC already distributes Photon Machines primary products. However, the key technology of laser oblation for sample preparation in elemental script -- spectroscopy now resides within Teledyne. Turning to the Digital Imaging segment, this segment provides a broad portfolio of visible light, laser-based, infrared, X-ray and ultraviolet sensors, cameras and software. First quarter sales in Digital Imaging decreased slightly compared to last year. Sales of sensors and cameras for commercial machine vision applications increased very nicely, driven by greater sales to the general industrial, as well as semiconductor and electronic inspection markets. However, this gain was offset by lower sales of infrared imaging sensors and systems to the U.S. government. GAAP segment operating profit increased substantially in this segment with margin improvement of 444 basis points greater than last year, partially due to our cost structure, coupled with the high-margin commercial sales mix. Turning to the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment. First quarter sales decreased $9.8 million. However, I want to emphasize that the first and second quarters of 2013 each included approximately $20 million in sales related with specific software-based radio program for foreign government, which is now complete. Besides this negative comparison, the segment performed well with good growth in our commercial avionics and satellite communication businesses and even a modest growth in our U.S. government sales. Despite the reduction in sales, operating profit increased 314 basis points primarily as a result of cost reduction actions throughout 2013. Turning to the Engineering Systems segment. First quarter revenue declined from last year as a result of lower U.S. government sales. However, orders were strong with segment to book-to-bill ratio of 1.28 due in part to five years $60 million NASA contract award for the Launch Vehicle Stage Adapter which will be used in the Space Launch System. Segment operating profit decreased slightly as a result of lower sales but margins improved 128 basis point, primarily due to the reversal of gross FAS 87 pension expense in the prior year to a modest pension income this year. In conclusion, sales from our commercial industrial businesses continues to grow across the company. The performance of marine instrumentation was very strong and there were solid gains in commercial machine vision as well as avionics and satellite communication. Furthermore, our substantial cost reduction efforts throughout 2013 coupled to prudent management of our pension liabilities have begun to deliver meaningful margin improvement. I will now turn the call over to Sue Main.
Sue Main: Thank you, Robert and good morning everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our second quarter and full year 2014 outlook. Regarding earnings per share while the first quarter of 2014 included $2.3 million of discrete tax benefits, the first quarter of 2013 included $2.7 million of tax benefits. Turning to cash flow. In the first quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $26.4 million, compared with the cash usage of $56.7 million for the same period of 2013. The higher cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter of 2014 primarily reflected the absence of pension contributions as well as improved working capital management partially offset by higher income tax payments. Free cash flow that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures was $14.7 million in the first quarter of 2014 compared with the usage of $21.6 million after adjusting for pension contributions. Given our strong cash flow and fully funded pension, the company used $23.6 million in the first quarter of 2014 to repurchase approximately 244,000 shares of its common stock under its stock repurchase program authorized in October of 2011. Capital expenditures were $11.7 million in the first quarter compared to $16.3 million for the same period of 2013. Depreciation and amortization expense was $23.2 million in the quarter compared with $21.9 million last year. We ended the quarter with $486.2 million of net debt that is $559.9 million of debt and capital leases, less cash of $73.7 million for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 23.9%. Turning to pension and stock compensation expense. In the first quarter of 2014, gross GAAP pension income was $0.3 million, compared with gross pension expense of $4.3 million in the same period of 2013. Stock option compensation expense was $2.7 million in the first quarter of 2014, compared with $1.8 million in the first quarter of 2013. Finally, turning to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2014 will be in the range of $1.24 to $1.28 per share. We expect full year 2014 earnings per share of approximately $5.10 to $5.14. The 2014 full year effective tax rate is expected to be 29.5% excluding discrete items such as nonrecurring tax benefits or adjustments. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Susan. We would now like to take your question. Trisha, if you're ready to proceed with the question and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will open the line of Greg Konrad with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Konrad - Jefferies: Good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Konrad - Jefferies: I was hoping, so just in terms of capital deployment. This was the first time that you bought shares in probably over two years. Is there a shift in how we should be thinking about capital deployment and how should we read into that in terms of acquisitions?
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg. First, we announced earlier this year that we intend to buy some of our shares back. Our intentions so for are to buyback enough shares to offset the dilution from stock compensation awards that are made during the year. If you look back in the last 10 years, dilution from our stock compensation cumulatively has been about a $1.20 hit to our earnings per share. What we've decided to do is just start buying back our stock to prevent that dilution going forward. On the flip side, I think we have sufficient capital and a good strong balance sheet to continue on our acquisition patterns, especially if you find things that are attractive and additive to our portfolio.
Greg Konrad - Jefferies: Thank you. And then just in terms of Aerospace and Defense Electronics margins, thats the highest number, it maybe ever or at least in the recent past. And if you look at kind of the trends, commercial Aerospace should continue to be favorable. Youve already done the restructuring and I think in the past youve talked about kind of a 14% level. Should we think that, that 15.5% number is a good number moving forward?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. I think that's a good number moving forward, at least as far as we can see for 2014.
Greg Konrad - Jefferies: Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Jordan with Noble Financial. Please go ahead.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial: Good morning, Robert. I had a question related to portfolio for business strategy. If you look at the company now, you clearly emphasized growing the commercial side of the business that have been occurring down the relative significance of the governmental exposure. My question is specifically for the engineering systems business, which has been challenged from a topline basis. Do you feel that over the longer term you have this scale for that business to be one, successful and two, attractive for you?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Thanks Mark. As that business has become a smaller portion of our portfolio, this quarter was about 10.5% of our overall portfolio. The flip side is that the business as I mentioned had a really good book-to-bill ratio of 1.28 this quarter. The shift thats happened there that's important to note is that we exited our businesses that had to do with system engineering and technical assistance work, which is the lowest margin work that we have there and we shifted that business in two directions. First, to more manufacturing programs, which is what I said about the space launch adapted. Second, we are taking the system engineering capabilities and applying them across the company to areas where we can use their overall systems capabilities to get large program such as the one that we got with the Navy program and the glider program and then they're building, of course shallow water underwater vehicle for special operation. So in some ways, the business, yes, its gotten smaller. In another ways, its become a much more important part of our portfolio because of their broadest capabilities in putting together large programs.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial: Thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks Mark.
Operator: And we will open the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company: Thank you. Robert, I think in the last quarter you gave some color in terms of how you saw the year unfolding with some of the various businesses. And I'm just wondering if youve seen, just given coming out of Q1, any change to that. For instance, I think on Engineered Systems, you had anticipated that to be flat to up this year and you had a strong bookings quarter but clearly from a revenue standpoint, Q1 was a little weaker. How do you see the year unfolding there and maybe on the Digital Imaging side as well?
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks. Let me start with Engineered Systems. I think we will pick up as we go through the year. So, I think we'll end the year pretty flat with last year. So, I think the significant decline in the first quarter was probably the low point of the business. We might have a little decline in Q2 vis--vis Q2 of last year. But right now, our plans are to pick up later in the year. So overall, I think we'll end up flat. Moving to instrumentation, I think, organically, we will be in the 3% up range for the year. In Digital Imaging, we should be around the same range, 3% or so, maybe a little less. And A&D, considering the fact that we are giving up $40 million of, kind of a one-time program for a wager that we had in Europe last year, we will make that up hopefully and end up flat. So our fundamental basic programs are going to be up and we should end the year fairly flat. And so the rest of the programs, we will have to make up 4% and 5% to make up for that $40 million. So thats the color.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company: Thats very helpful. And just going back to digital imaging, it sounds like the commercial portion of that had a very good quarter or good quarter of the sensors camera portion of the business. Can you say what that, how much that was up, and just in general, how much of the digital imaging business now is commercial? Is it the lions share?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Dan, but let me start with the latter. The digital imaging business also is the larger part of the business. And even in the imaging that we have within Teledyne Scientific & Imaging, we have some commercial businesses. We make some for example infrared cameras and sensors for commercial applications. And overall, I think the digital imaging, the DALSA businesses were up I am going to say double digit and the imaging in Scientific was down about 12% primarily because push off of some of our government programs. I think if you look at the whole digital imaging, I would say about 27%, 28% of it is government business that is commercial.
Jim Ricchiuti - Needham & Company: Okay. Great. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: We will open the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Thanks, Robert. I just wanted to follow up on something you said earlier about Engineered Systems and exiting the sort of time and material type contracts. Were these -- there were no divestments in that business. Am I correct? And I think what youre primarily conveying is youre just not bidding on new contracts.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Chris, you are absolutely correct. Fundamentally, first, we have this conflict, organizational conflict that we have to overcome because we are bidding bolt-on contracts and that in some ways you see the work, youre kind of supervising or helping the contracts. So we got out of that. The other part is just what said, this had low margin business. The pressure from the government too parcel out big chunks of that to small firms that qualify brings the margins down into 2% to 3% and its not something we want to do. Yes, it makes the revenues looks good, but overall it doesnt help at all.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: And it looks like you experienced government weakness both in the engineered systems business as well as actually not on the aerospace defense. Its somewhat in the instrumentation. Do you think you have seen the biggest part of the defense headwinds here in the first quarter and they should subside either due to sequestration effects or budget or year-over-year comparables, or are you likely to see continued headwinds through the balance of the year?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think, Chris, in Q2, we will again have that $20 million of headwind from the software -- radio-based -- software-based radio program that we had with the foreign government. But if you put that aside, I think we expect that our defense businesses in the U.S. have stabilized. Were actually for a change getting some orders in programs like our traveling wave tubes that we havent had for a while. The book-to-bill ratio in our microwave products has improved significantly over 1. And so, I am going to say that because of some new contract releases from the major clients and also the other thing thats happening vary that a number of qualified suppliers to the clients have decreased significantly. So, weve postured ourselves reasonably well. So overall, I think the challenges there are behind us with the exception of the one program that it was one shot for last year to a foreign government.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. And shifting back to the Engineered Systems, I know last year you identified several big programs that youre targeting and I think you won two of the three. Do you have any similar large opportunities here in 2014?
Robert Mehrabian: No, I think with the most recent award that we got from NASA on their adapter for the space launch system, we dont expect anything very large. We do expect that some of our programs that youre very familiar obviously with the shallow water vehicle. As those come out of their limited rate production, they will pick up in the future years because those are big programs for us. But right now I dont see anything out there with the minor exception of, if we do something in our space imaging, if we had some other programs, especially for the hyperspectral cameras that would go into our marquee users platform that we got to put on the international space station.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Got you. And speaking of underworld vehicles, so you have had any material involvement in whats going on with Malaysian Air 370.?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Actually one of our colleagues Tom Altshuler who is Vice President and Manager of our Benthos and Gavia and Webb facilities, its been on CNN continuously. First, historically, Chris, we produced the fingers themselves. We sold that product line last year. It was a small product line. And so we understand that that whole acoustic business is, whether marine camera and measurements systems are based on. Second, the so-called the detectors or the microphones, those are ours primarily and both does use the same technology as you are familiar with. You send electrical signal to a ceramic which the electrical signal cause the ceramic to deform, as a deform creates acoustic pulse in the water, you get the same thing at the other end, acoustic pulse arrive, ceramic deforms avail with and it creates an electric signal which we record. We have been heavily involved. People are using our equipment for the discovery. So we also make a whole bunch of others longer like fingers that fetch but right now we certainly aware and involved in that frequencies, the wavelengths, the dissipation of energy, yeah.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Great. And final question, I know you gave some guidance on the revenue outlook by segment? Is there any update to the margin guidance that you provided previously?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, our margins went up this quarter as you know. I think theyll hold in Q2 and Im hoping that in Q3 and 4 they will pick up a little more. So well end up the year I hope -- by the end of the year I hope well end up higher than Q1.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Great. Thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks Chris.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) At this time we will open the line of Michael Ciarmoli with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey. Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking my questions. Robert, maybe if we -- you have been talking about the margin expansion, I am just trying to reconcile sort of the non-operational items flowing through there, like the pension and it looks like the tailwind in the first quarter was about $4.6 million? Is that going to be kind of a similar run rate through the year, which I guess, sort of implies maybe $0.35 pickup from pension? And then just as I reconcile, it seems like the tax rate came down a bit, which probably a little bit more to the bottom line, same thing with the share buyback, probably not going to buy ton like you said just to offset the creek? But maybe if you can sort of parse out the margin expansion that's maybe purely cost cutting operational versus some of the pension and non-operational events.
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. I want to say, let me start in the bigger picture and lets say from the 120 basis point improvement in margins, perhaps 80 of it might be pension and other stuff. The pension, for the whole year over last year, we are talking about $0.26 to $0.28 improvement in that range.
Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Robert Mehrabian: In terms of taxes, if you look at this year, we have some discreet tax events that have happened. This year we had a discreet tax event in the first quarter of $0.06. Last year, first quarter, we had $0.07. But to put things in prospective, we really dont expect a lot of other discreet tax awards this year or discrete tax benefit this year except if Congress passes the R&D tax credit, if passed the senate committee and it has to be acted by the senate and the house. If that happens, we might get another maybe $0.10 to $0.12 pickup. Now, last year on the other hand, if you look at all the discrete tax credit that we got last year throughout the year, they added up to over $0.55. And we were fortunate because against that we had approximately $0.47 of restructuring cost that we took. So it kind of balance that out. Net-net we ended up with may be $0.07, $0.08, $0.09 of tax benefit involved the restructuring last year. And this year, except for the R&D tax benefit, we are going to be at about the same place. We are going to have about $0.07 of tax benefit, maybe a couple of more pennies here and there but -- so its a wash year-over-year if you look at it that way.
Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. That's helpful. And then may just shifting, can you give us some color on why you bought photon. What was the driver behind brining them in-house?
Robert Mehrabian: It is very simple. We do have a spectroscopic capabilities which we actually manufactured a very interesting machine from our Lehman labs for spectroscopy. It is a coupled plasma device and to do that you need samples. And CETAC also has a line of machines and they were using the photon machines laser ablation. What is permitted to do as you use very strong pulse laser in a nanosecond range and you ablate the sample. So we were already using this stuff, partially out of CETAC. And we decided its better to bring a man and have the complete line of Teledyne line. And major ablation actually works really well where you have very small amounts of samples on the surface and you want to lift them up and be able to look at the composition of the sample. So it was kind of rounding up our portfolio, bringing it in-house. Yeah.
Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Got it. And then just last one from me, what kind of activities did you guys see from the new oil and gas technology development centre, I think you were talking about the attempts to gain share via customer attachment as a result of shared R&D. Maybe if you can give us kind of status update?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Thats turned out to be a really good thing for us because as you know, we do have a very strong scientific capability here at our science center at Teledyne in Thousand Oaks. What that new center enables us to do is to co-locate some of our people from here to there and so they work along side the production people, introducing new predictive materials, new ceramic features for high power. Thats turned out to be a really good program for us. And the flip side of it is, also our customers can come and spend time with us there. And the flip side is weve also build some facilities in our customers plant, for example, at LC plant in Brazil. And so all-in-all, thats a great business for us and were introducing new products. And we think that business has really good legs on it.
Michael Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Got it. Perfect. Thats all I had. Thank you, guys.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: And well open the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: I think you have answered most of the questions. But just on the push out on, DALSA, is that partly related to contracting officers being on furlough during sequestration? Just waiting for the contract or was it actually something beyond that?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. I think, I may have misled you but I think what we were talking about the push out of contracts in our imaging business here in California, which is the infrared.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: Okay.
Robert Mehrabian: as well as imaging for primarily for space and a lot of classified programs. It wasnt so much the upon sequestration affect. It was earlier but right now its just delay in getting some of the lost contracts, especially classified program. We anticipate with time those things would straighten themselves out because as you probably are aware, were one of two companies in the nation that can produce really high-end (indiscernible) Teledyne for space with pretty much owned space program for the astronomy domain and we shared the program with another company for other military and classified applications. So we anticipate that over the long-term that will stabilize.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: Okay, thanks. And then the way your strategy has been working, the balance of business and where profits are generated has changed and obviously its phased favorably. But do you feel a need to change the strategy at all, are you looking to expand into other areas, and if so, what might those be?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, our strategy has always been kind of consistent to buy things or add things that are relevant to what we're already doing. So that extensions are probably big. So were always looking for things that are relevant to our existing business. We intend to continue that. We spent a lot of our time. Were probably the first company that started buying businesses in the underwater marine domain and have been very successful. Weve bought about 14 small businesses there. But those prices have gotten way out of hand now, people are paying 15, 16, 17 multiples of EBITDA at three to four times revenue for those businesses. So were back looking at some of the others stuff that maybe a little more harsh. I would say its reasonably priced but still are consistent with our portfolio, more focus on commercial, more focus on international.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: At 15 to 17 times EBITDA, do you think are selling any?
Robert Mehrabian: Thats a great question, no. Thank you.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks.
Operator: And there are no other questions in queue. Please continue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Trisha. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call. Thank you everyone.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And thanks again everyone for joining us this morning. And if you have follow-up questions, please do feel free to call me at the number listed on the earnings release. As always, news releases are available on our website teledyne.com. Operator, if you could conclude the conference call and provide the replay details over the line, we'd appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, todays conference will be made available for replay after 10 a.m. this morning until May 23 at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive Playback Service at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 318008. International participants may dial 1-320-365-3844. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - Senior Vice President of Strategy and Mergers & Acquisitions Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Susan L. Main - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Member of Sarbanes-Oxley Disclosure Committee
Analysts: James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining us today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will answer your questions. Of course, before we get started, attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and, of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosure, this call is simultaneously being webcast, and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in, will be available for approximately 1 month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter sales of $596.6 million increased 5.1% compared to last year. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.44 increased 22.1% and was an all-time record for any quarter. On a full year basis, we achieved our 12th consecutive year of GAAP earnings growth. The strength of our high-technology industrial businesses continues to propel our growth. In the fourth quarter, our instrumentation segment had record quarterly sales with organic growth in each of our product categories. And for the full year, instrumentation sales exceeded $1 billion for the first time. In marine instrumentation, we acquired CDL, a provider of small form factor subsea inertia navigation system and motion sensor system, especially well-suited for remotely operated underwater vehicles, further enhancing our product portfolio in the offshore oil and gas market. Our commercial aerospace business also performed extremely well all year, developing new products and gaining share in this growing market. For example, during the quarter, we announced a landmark single-source contract under which we will supply unique aircraft information management solutions for the majority of future Boeing aircraft. Throughout 2013, we also undertook aggressive actions to consolidate our businesses and lower our cost structure, reducing our exposure to weak end markets and high-cost location. In the fourth quarter specifically, we have further pretax charges of $5.3 million related to severance and facility consolidations. These were offset by a legal settlement gain of $3.6 million and a net discrete tax benefit of $6.1 million. For the full year, we had total pretax severance and facility consolidation-related charges of $24 million, offset by net discrete tax benefits of $21.3 million. Through year end 2013, we announced headcount reductions equaling 4.8% of our total workforce. This is in addition to a reduction of over 4% in 2012 or an overall reduction of 860 associates. Furthermore, within the next few months, we expect to complete facility consolidations initiated in 2013, encompassing 15 sites with a total reduction of over 375,000 square feet or approximately 7% of our total footprint. Our reductions in force and facility consolidation efforts have largely focused on defense-related businesses and/or operations in higher cost locations in the U.S., such as California, and in Canada and Europe. In the fourth quarter, sales to international and domestic commercial customers comprised approximately 75% of our total revenue. Furthermore, given their greater profitability, this business has contributed over 80% of our profit. I will now comment on our business segments, after which Sue Main will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earning outlook for the first quarter and full year 2014. Turning to our instrumentation segment. In this segment, which is our largest and most profitable, we provide our customers with one of the most comprehensive portfolios of marine technological products, ranging from connectors and communication devices to sensors, imaging systems and complete underwater vehicles. We also manufactured a broad range of environmental and electronic test and measurement instruments. International sales represent over 55% of the segment sales. And fourth quarter sales increased 13.2% to $275.8 million and full year 2013 instrumentation revenue was $1.02 billion. Despite a difficult comparison with a very strong last year fourth quarter, sales of marine instrumentation increased 16% with organic growth of 2.6% due to increased sales of marine sensors and autonomous underwater vehicles and continued growth of sales of interconnect systems used in offshore energy production. In 2013, we made 2 acquisitions for our marine portfolio. First, in March 2013, we acquired RESON, the world's leading supplier of commercial shallow water multibeam sonars. And second, we acquired CDL, as previously mentioned, in the fourth quarter. In the environmental domain, sales of process and air monitoring equipment increased over 10% year-over-year, driven by growth in both domestic and international markets. Laboratory and field instrumentation sales increased through the acquisition of CETAC, a provider of automated sampling systems, in the third quarter. Electronic test and measurement systems comprised of Teledyne LeCroy, which we acquired last year, contributed sales of $48.7 million. This was the highest level of quarterly sales since the acquisition and represented organic growth of 4.7%. We continue to be very pleased with the progress at LeCroy, and in the next few months, we expect to launch our first product developed by LeCroy, which will use proprietary indium phosphide technology developed at our laboratory Teledyne Scientific. GAAP segment operating profit declined primarily as a result of $1.2 million of severance and relocation charges and greater intangible asset amortization expense, as well as impact of acquisitions. Turning to Digital Imaging. This segment provides a broad portfolio of visible light, laser-based, infrared, x-ray and ultraviolet sensors, cameras and software. Fourth quarter sales in Digital Imaging increased slightly compared to last year's. Sales of sensors and cameras for commercial machine vision and life science applications increased very nicely. However, these were largely offset by lower sales of infrared imaging and LIDAR systems primarily for government applications. Segment operating profit was impacted by $1.6 million in severance-related expenses and a $1.1 million asset impairment charge and the ongoing burden of approximately 280 basis points of intangible asset amortization. Turning to the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment. Fourth quarter sales decreased slightly to $149.4 million. Growth in sales of higher-margin commercial avionics and electronic relays were offset by reduced sales of microwave devices, interconnect and manufacturing services, due primarily to lower sales to the U.S. government. Segment operating profit and margin declined due to a $3.5 million of charges for severance and facility consolidation. Excluding these charges, however, margins increased compared to last year, primarily due to continued strength of our commercial avionics business and also some stabilization in sales and margins of our defense microwave products. Turning to the Engineered System segment. Fourth quarter revenue was relatively stable, declining just 1.2% as a result of lower government sales. Segment operating profit increased and margins grew 99 basis points, due in part to a higher-margin sales mix comprised of increased manufacturing program. In conclusion, I am very pleased with our performance in 2013. While the global economy remains relatively slow, we delivered growth in our commercial businesses and, at the same time, took the necessary actions to control costs and reduce our exposure to less attractive government markets. We entered 2014 with a demonstrated record of performance, a much more efficient and more attractive business portfolio and a strong balance sheet. I will now turn the call over to Sue Main.
Susan L. Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter that were not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our first quarter and full year 2014 outlook. Regarding fourth quarter earnings per share, I wanted to note that earnings included $5.3 million of pretax severance and facility consolidation expenses, offset by $6.1 million of discrete tax benefit. Turning to cash flow. In the fourth quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $98.5 million, compared with $121.9 million for the same period of 2012. The lower cash from operating activities primarily reflected severance and legal settlement payments in the fourth quarter of 2013. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $79.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, compared to $99.6 million last year. For the full year 2013, free cash flow was $131.5 million. Adjusting for pension contributions net of taxes, free cash flow was $182.9 million, approximately equal to net income. Given our strong cash flow, fully-funded pension plan and our stock repurchase program was approximately 1.8 million shares available, it is our current intention to deploy some cash flow on stock repurchases in 2014. Capital expenditures were $18.6 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $22.3 million for the same period of 2012. Depreciation and amortization expense was $24 million in the quarter, compared with $21.9 million last year. For the full year 2013, capital expenditures were $72.6 million and depreciation and amortization expense was $91.1 million, with the amortization expense portion at $31.5 million or approximately $0.60 per share. We ended the quarter with $486.5 million of net debt, that is $552.5 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $66 million for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 24.3%. Turning to pension and stock compensation expense. In the fourth quarter of 2013, gross pension expense was $4.5 million, compared with gross pension expense of $1.6 million in the same period of 2012. Stock compensation expense was $3.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, compared with $2.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Finally, turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the fourth -- first quarter of 2014 will be in the range of $1.08 to $1.14 per share. We expect full year 2014 earnings per share of approximately $5.06 to $5.12. The 2014 full year effective tax rate is expected to be 30%, excluding discrete items such as nonrecurring tax benefits or adjustments. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Susan. We would now like to take your questions. Moses, if you're ready to proceed with the question-and-answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jim Ricchiuti from Needham & Company.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: First question I have is just with respect to the instrumentation business. Robert, I wonder if you can give us some sense as to how you see that business unfolding in 2014. It sounds like the LeCroy business is picking up. It sounds like you're still seeing good growth in the offshore energy market. How do you see the business over the course of the year?
Robert Mehrabian: I believe that we will have some nice organic growth in our marine sensors and oil and gas businesses in the mid-single digits. I think in our environmental businesses, we should see almost double-digit growth. This would primarily be because we're selling a lot of products, including air quality monitoring products, to countries like China. And in the test and measurement, which is the LeCroy, I feel we're pretty much stabilized. The market's actually down a little bit there. We're holding our own. I think next year should be about the same as this year, maybe just a little gain. So overall in the instrumentation market, Jim, I think we should have single-digit growth somewhere between 5% and 8% next year. And we also should see some improvement in our margins because of some of the actions that we've taken.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. In the business, and I'll jump back in the queue, but I have a similar question with respect to Digital Imaging, where the performance has been a little bit more uneven, and I wondered if you could talk a little bit about how you see the outlook for that business this year?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In Digital Imaging, we have really 3 pieces that we look at. First is DALSA. Actually, this quarter DALSA's revenue was up $10 million over last year fourth quarter, both in our machine vision and our life sciences x-ray products that we sell. The negative that we have there, which offset this positive, while we have reduced sales of cameras, especially in our imaging business here in California to the government, and we had reduced sales of LIDAR products primarily, again, to government agencies. Going forward, for next year, we believe that the -- generally, the DALSA business should see single-digit growth. Overall, we think the growth of this whole segment should be in 3% to 4% organically. But we also believe that we should have some really good gains in our margin, primarily because collectively out of the 860 or so folks that have left the company, about 180 of them have been in Digital Imaging, about 50 here in California, about 15 are semiconductor operations, about 50 at Optech and about 30 in our Eastern Canadian headquarters. So with that cost structure, I think we're better poised to improve our margins in this segment.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Mark Jordan with Noble Fin (sic) (Financial).
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: First question, relative to the overall cost savings that you -- the $24 million that you've spent. As you view this, is this a function of an opportunity to improve margins or is this maintaining this cost structure appropriately sort of to maintain the historical profit margins you've had in those businesses?
Robert Mehrabian: No. Our aim, Mark, is to improve our margins going forward. What has happened is that some of the costs we took out were really related to, as I mentioned, to reduce our exposure to government programs and high-cost regions like California. For example, Mark, you made a call in California at one time, we have 350 people in our microelectronic facilities in Los Angeles. That operation has been closed down. A small fraction of those people have moved to Tennessee, where we have another facility, and the combined operations then, not only is more profitable with improved margins, but can offer our customers a broader range of products. So the answer to the question is we've reduced our exposure to government businesses that we really are worried about, like electronic manufacturing. And then, we expect -- because of that and because we've also reduced our costs in some of our commercial businesses, we expect our margins to improve as we go forward.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Good. A year or so ago, you won a development contract for, I think, the special forces, submersible delivery vehicle. How is that program going with regards to development? And when might it enter into a production phase and what might be the impact of that production phase?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. That's shallow water underwater vehicles. It's -- right now, it's in preproduction. We're going into making some preproduction units. I think that will go into production in 2015. We should be in full production. And when we get there, that should benefit us about $35 million to $40 million a year in revenue.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: All right. Last question for me, if I may. The instrument segment margin was -- for the year of 2013, it was 15.9% [ph]. The prior 2 years, it was 18% to 19.9%. The decline that you experienced in 2013, can you sort of parse that, those pressures between pricing mix and restructuring costs?
Robert Mehrabian: We had -- I'm trying to get the numbers. On the charges in instrument segment, I'm going to say total charges were about $2.5 million. The decline -- some of the decline in margins was due to the acquisition of RESON. RESON had lower margin and more intangibles. And then we also acquired CDL. The combination of those 2, some of the expense in the acquisition process, as well as the fact that, especially RESON, as a beginning Teledyne company, had lower margins. It pulled down some of our margins. But I think, going forward next year, we expect the margins to again improve over 2013, Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tyler Hojo with Sidoti.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Firstly, I was hoping that maybe we could just continue the segment discussion in regards to 2014 guidance. You addressed instrumentation and Digital Imaging, maybe you could discuss A&D Electronics and Engineered Systems?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, Tyler. I think, in terms of revenues in the electronics, I think revenues are going to be pretty flat. We can -- we will have some revenue improvements in aerospace products, the one that we mentioned about making product information systems in commercial aircraft. We'll have some improvements there in the single digit. We expect our interconnect products to have high-single digit pickups, but we expect some decrease in our microwave solutions business, primarily because we had a very large program, counter-IED program in the U.K. this year, about $40 million, which won't repeat itself next year. So we expect almost double-digit decline in the microwave solutions. But I have to say that the rest of our microwave businesses, especially with the government, have not only stabilized now, but we've gotten some new programs. So overall from a revenue perspective, I expect that segment to remain flat year-over-year. On the other hand, because of the significant cost reductions that we've undertaken, especially in our contract manufacturing, which was unprofitable because of the losses we took for restructuring. And because of the improvements in cost structure, we expect to see a double-digit improvement in our earnings in that segment. Going to the Engineered System segment, the situation there is really more complex than the one I just mentioned. I think, again, we should have lower single-digit revenue increase there, primarily some improvement in our Engineered System business, especially in manufacturing. Our turbine engines seem to be doing stabilized and doing okay because of both JASSM production, as well as some F&S sales that are coming. I think, again, we should see a little margin improvement there, relatively flat sales maybe in the -- maybe a little organic growth in the lower-single digits. Overall, if you want to put things in perspective, in 2013, overall, our U.S. government sales went down about 7.5%. Broadly speaking, overall, on average our commercial sales went up about 7% organically. And we think, organically, as a result of those 2, we have sales gains of -- I'm going to say about 2% for the year. We expect that to be about the same for 2014 across our segment with some deep puts and takes. Our government businesses are going to be a little lower, our commercial businesses are going to be a little higher. But as I mentioned to Mark's question earlier, I expect that our margins next year will improve, and that's why Sue put the guidance out, that it's at the $5.06 to $5.12 at a 30% tax rate earlier.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. Great. And maybe just one clarification in regards to your revenue outlook, maybe 2 clarifications. What percent of overall sales is defense today? And what are you anticipating that the CDL acquisition adds to 2014?
Robert Mehrabian: I would say our government sales, because I kind of -- we do have sales to NASA as well as defense department. So if you'd log those together, that's a little over 25%, maybe 26%, 27%. CDL, if you went to a full year for CDL, I think that's about, annualized, it's about $15 million.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: 5 0, you said?
Robert Mehrabian: No. 15, 1, 5.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. All right. Got it. And then maybe just lastly for me. If you could just perhaps comment on free cash flow in 2014, that would be great.
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, we expect it to be about the same level as this year. I think net income should be about what we expect net income to be, between $180 million and $200 million. And that's why we -- and by the way, we made a pension contribution, Tyler, this year for 2 years, for 2013 and 2014. So we don't have to make a pension contribution in 2014. That's why Sue mentioned that we believe we'll have a little extra cash to kind of start buying some of our stock back to kind of offset the dilution we're getting from our stock option.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Ciabattoni from KeyBanc Capital.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I know you mentioned some further consolidation in Q1 here. Just wondering if you could maybe quantify your expectations for kind of additional consolidation and severance-related charges in '14?
Robert Mehrabian: I think it's going to be minimal, Kevin, maybe $1 million, $1.5 million that I see. And that's primarily because of the remaining 4 sites that we're pulling back together. We didn't completely get all 15 sites done in 2013. We still have to move some manufacturing from San Diego up to our microwave facility and a couple other things. But by in large, Kevin, I think -- except if something happens to our markets, I think we're done with that for now.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And that $1 million to $1.5 million, that will all be in Q1 or is there going to be some spillover into later in the year?
Robert Mehrabian: No. I think it'll be -- I think we should be finished with it in Q1.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then looking at the machine vision in the quarter, just wondering if there's any specific pockets or end market industry, if you will, that drove the growth there in the current quarter at DALSA?
Robert Mehrabian: I think primarily we're seeing some improvement in the general industry and in some in semi. The interesting thing for us there are 2 new things. One of them is our x-ray products. We have this CMOS x-ray detector that are much more sensitive than the amorphous silicon detectors, and we're gaining market share there. And that improved in the year this year. And the other one is that we have better machine vision products. Again, we came out recently with some CMOS products, introduce new CMOS products there. And that's been helpful to us. So we're fairly positive about our -- that part of our imaging business.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just one last one for me. Just wondering, as you kind of formulated your '14 outlook here over the last few weeks. Has that -- did the recent government budget deal kind of change how you were looking at defense for '14? Or does it not have much of an impact?
Robert Mehrabian: What -- I think right now we think some of our programs have stabilized. We were really worried for a while because we were not getting some of the orders that we normally get from the depots, for our -- for example, our various connectors and other things like traveling wave tubes. But we've seen some stabilization of that. We did get some nice orders in -- from the Navy, for 1,600 traveling wave tubes for the weapon system in the Aegis. I think U.S. may be a little better going forward. On the other hand, in U.K., because of that big program that we enjoyed in 2013, that's counter-IED program, which we delivered everything, $40 million worth. There the comps are going to be negative because we won't have that program in '14. So it's a mixed story, with the U.S. a little improved and then the comps in the U.K. being a little more difficult for us.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Robert, I just want to clarify something. I think you said earlier in the text that the overall U.S. government was down 7% and you're expecting it to be down a little more in this year, is that correct?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Overall government for 2013 was down about 7.5%, the U.S. government, where a couple of percent improvement in Q1 and then it went soft from there on. So we have double-digit decreases in our government programs in the last 3 quarters. But we think, going forward, that's going to not be as bad. I think it stabilized, except for the weakness that I said in the U.K.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right. So would the decline -- you're expecting a further decline in 2014 in the defense business or flat?
Robert Mehrabian: I think it's going to be flat. I think the only area that we think there might be some decline is in the -- only the comps in the U.K. where we have that big program. Otherwise I think we're going to be flat, maybe even a little up.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And, obviously, your forecast takes into consideration the improbable likelihood that we're actually we're going to have a budget for fiscal '14, and it looks like the impacts of sequestration are going to be less than originally thought, all of that included in your forecast?
Robert Mehrabian: Gee, I wish I could say what you just did. I just don't have -- I'm not that brilliant. But that's good, I'll go along with that.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Shifting to -- a quick question on the pension. I think it was less than 6 months ago that you took down your discount rate. Can you give us your thought process behind taking it back up and I haven't worked my pencil yet, but what specifically was the EPS impact of that change?
Robert Mehrabian: The -- we took it down -- we took it up now to 5.4 for next year. And if you look at where we were and where we took it, the net change of that is about $0.14 -- $0.14, $0.15, I'd say $0.14, improvement.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right. And the reason for taking it up is the taper on your portfolio return?
Robert Mehrabian: No, no. The reason you say we took it up was very simple. It's the bond yields have gone up and the discount rates that we use for the calculating pension obligations are based on yields of bonds. And right now we've select our portfolio based on AA bond rates. And those have gone up, so this contract goes up because of that. We don't do that ad hoc. We do that in collaboration with our people that look over our pension actuaries.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got you. Separate question. The buyback, I think you mentioned that the primary motivation was just to offset dilution. Are there other motivations either lack of acquisition, targets or do you think the stocks are too darn cheap? What was the board's thinking behind that?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, let me answer the last question first, which is I don't know of a CEO that doesn't think their stock is cheap, right. But that's not why. We have -- as I mentioned, we have a fully-funded pension now. We don't have to make a contribution to pension this year. We like our own portfolio, but we're looking for acquisitions, and we will make acquisitions going forward. But, Chris, if you look at the amount of cash that we will generate next year, let's just say somewhere around our net income and even take it lower than that. But let's say between $150 million to $180 million. Sue mentioned that our net debt right now is about $450 million to $480 million. So if you take, let's say, $150 million in cash, or put it back, we're going to have net debt of around $300 million and we do have -- if we don't do anything. We do have -- then we will have ample liquidity if we wanted to borrow up to 2.5x our EBITDA, we would have probably liquidity between $800 million and $900 million to buy things. We think at this point it might be prudent to just pick up some stock that goes with the dilution from our stock option. If you looked at what's happened, we haven't bought much stock in the last 9 to 10 years. If you look at the dilution that we have experienced because of our stock issuance, you add it all up, it's over $1 a share in earnings. So it's a little bit like hedging to just kind of by a little of our stock, just so that dilution doesn't keep going up significantly. But if there's a big acquisition that we find that's attractive, we'll stop that in its tracks and spend the money there.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got you. And on the acquisition front, any changes worth noting either in valuations or attractiveness of certain verticals. You seem to be doing well in avionics but haven't bought anything there in quite awhile, anything of note?
Robert Mehrabian: No. I don't think valuations have changed all that much. But specifically, on avionics front, Chris, we're in a niche market there. It's a fairly narrow market that we play in, the aircraft information system. It's a consolidated market. It's really not much available. We bought a couple of very small companies there over the last few years. There's nothing really available because the rest of it is consolidated, our competitors. Where there are opportunities for us and we're very keen on pursuing them, it would be probably in the marine as always. And perhaps if we can find something in the electronic test and measurement, that would be attractive. We surely would like to do more in imaging and x-ray if we can't find the appropriate acquisitions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I'm just staying on the acquisitions, are you looking -- you mentioned big acquisitions, are you looking more for things in the sort of DALSA, LeCroy-size category? Or are you still being opportunistic if something comes around that's smaller?
Robert Mehrabian: We always like the single-process [ph] approach. Anything small that fits that we can tuck it in, we'll take. If it complements what we have, specially, as we mentioned, we did CDL, we did CETAC, CETAC in the environmental and CDL in the marine. We did a slightly larger acquisition in RESON. We paid something north of $60 million for it. So we'll keep doing that. But having said that, there's always a possibility that something bigger will come along and we're looking for it. But there's -- those are kind of not as frequent and we were looking at DALSA, I think, for 5, 6 years before things worked out so we were able to acquire it. Those things also take a little longer time.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Then just a question back to the defense budget, government spending generally. Particularly on the glider program in some of the other subsea things that -- I guess, could you give us some idea how large they could grow? And if the funding is there or if that's sort of a back-burner thing for the government if they're unfunded contracts.
Robert Mehrabian: Actually, in the glider program, it's about -- we got -- it's about a $52 million contract for the first 150 gliders from the Navy. We've just been notified that we're a sole-source selection, been selected as a sole-source contractor for the next 150 gliders. We're pretty positive about that area, especially now that we're also seeing some interest from other countries. We think that glider program, which I'd say between $7 million and $8 million a year, is going to remain stable. The other one that we talked about earlier, which is the shallow underwater vehicle, which our Engineered Systems group also manages, we expect that when it goes into production in a couple of years, that will add about $30 million to $40 million on an ongoing basis. And that is not a program that is going to go away primarily because our special ops forces need those vehicles. The ones that they have right now are long in the tooth, and they need new vehicles for their special op program.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, just when you mentioned the interest from other countries, are those things you can do on a direct sales basis or are those potentially foreign military sale items?
Robert Mehrabian: Some of them are nongovernment, and some of them are SMS. When you do SMS, as you well know, we have to have foreign military sales, but this would be to friendly nations.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next we go to the line of James Ricchiuti with Needham & Company.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a final question for me just with respect to acquisitions. Robert, I was just wondering if you could maybe outline the philosophy regarding a larger acquisition, if one were to come along. Is it aimed at opening up potentially a new vertical, the way you did with LeCroy and perhaps with DALSA? Or would these tend -- if in the event one did come up, would you think about the market that you're in currently?
Robert Mehrabian: I think it's much more likely now that we have DALSA, a nice digital imaging business, and we have LeCroy. And then, of course, we have our marine businesses. I think it's more likely that we will stay within the areas that we are. It may be something that we buy that won't all go into any one of those segments. It may have to go into multiple segments. But it's less likely that we'll start a whole new vertical. I think I'm pretty comfortable with our portfolio as we have it. We don't want to wander too far from what we know because that makes it much more difficult for us to manage.
Operator: And at this time, we have no further questions in queue. Please continue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. I would now like to ask Jason to conclude our conference call, please.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. And if you have any follow-up questions please do feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release. Our news releases are available on our website. And now, Moses, if you would end today's call and provide the replay details to the group, we'd appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:00 a.m. today through February 23, 2014, 11:59 p.m. You may access the AT&T TeleConference replay system at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 306912. International participants dial (320) 365-3844. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - Senior Vice President of Strategy and Mergers & Acquisitions Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Susan L. Main - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Member of Sarbanes-Oxley Disclosure Committee
Analysts: Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Robert Benjamin Kirkpatrick - Cardinal Capital Management, L.L.C. Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's third quarter 2013 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining us today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will answer your questions. However, before we get started, attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats, as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and, of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast. And a replay, both via webcast and dial-in, will be available for approximately 1 month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter sales of $571.6 million increased 4.4% compared to last year. GAAP earnings per share were $1.23 and were at all-time records for any quarter. Our commercial industrial businesses performed very well. As an example, our instrumentation segment generated organic revenue growth of 12.7%. Throughout 2013, and especially in Q3, we undertook more aggressive actions to optimize our business portfolio and lower our expenses, further reducing our exposure to weak end markets and high cost locations. In the third quarter specifically, we have pretax charges of $14.3 million related to severance and facility consolidations. Fortunately, such charges were offset by discrete tax benefits of $11.6 million. Charges will continue in the fourth quarter, and for the full year, we expect total pretax charges to be $22.4 million. Throughout October 2013, we have announced headcount reductions equaling 3.9% of our total workforce. This is in addition to a reduction of over 4% in 2012 or a total of over 750 of our people. Furthermore, within the next several months, we expect to complete facility consolidation, encompassing 15 sites, with a total reduction of over 375,000 square feet, which is 7% of our total footprint. As one might expect, our reductions in force and facility consolidation efforts have largely focused on defense-related businesses and our operations in high cost locations in the United States, such as in California, and in Canada and in Europe. Simultaneously, we continue to invest both internally and through acquisitions in our growing commercial markets. For example, in the past several weeks, we acquired 2 companies within our environmental and marine instrumentation businesses, adding new technologies and products to customers we already serve in some of our strongest markets. In the third quarter, sales to international and domestic commercial customers comprised approximately 75% of our total sales. Furthermore, given their greater profitability, these businesses contributed over 85% of our profit. I will now comment on our business segments, after which, Sue Main will review some of the financials in more detail and provide a new earnings outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2013. Turning to our instrumentation segment. In this segment, which is our largest and most profitable, we provide our customers with one of the most comprehensive portfolios of marine technological products, ranging from connectors and communication devices to sensors, imaging systems and complete underwater vehicles. We also manufactured a broad range of environmental and electronic test and measurement instruments. International sales represented over 55% of the segment sales in the quarter. Third quarter sales increased 24.4% to $256.6 million with organic growth of 12.7%, mentioned previously. For the full year 2013, we expect instrumentation's revenues to exceed $1 billion. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 32.3% with organic growth of 19.7% due largely to strong sales of geophysical sensors for offshore oil exploration and continued growth in sales of interconnect systems used in offshore energy production as well as the acquisition of RESON, the world's leading supplier of commercial shallow water multibeam sonars. In addition, sales of complete autonomous underwater vehicles more than doubled. I'm also pleased to announce that we recently opened a new Teledyne oil and gas technology center in Daytona, Florida, adding needed space where our workforce has doubled in the last 7 years. In the environmental domain, sales from both process and air monitoring equipment and laboratory and field instrumentation increased modestly year-over-year. Electronic test and measurement system, comprised of Teledyne LeCroy, which was acquired last year, contributed $45.9 million of sales compared to last year's partial period sales of $34.2 million. While revenue prior to the acquisition was not recorded, full period sales increased compared to 2012. Operating profit, which included $1 million of severance and relocation charges in this segment, increased 25.5%. Turning to the Digital Imaging segment. This segment provides a broad portfolio of visibles, including LIDAR, which is laser-based, infrared, x-ray and ultraviolet sensors, cameras and software. Third quarter sales in the Digital Imaging decreased 2.7% compared to last year's. Sales of sensors and cameras for machine vision and medical application increased nicely compared to last year as did sales of infrared sensors and cameras for commercial and scientific applications. However, these were more than offset by lower sales to the U.S. government and reduced sales of LIDAR systems. Given strong orders in most of our commercial imaging product lines and an easier comparison, we expect to report reasonable year-over-year growth in this segment in the fourth quarter. Segment operating margin continued to improve and was at a record level despite absorbing $1.9 million in several severance-related expenses in the quarter and the continued burden of approximately 275 basis points of intangible asset amortization. Turning to the Aerospace and Defense Electronic segment. Third quarter sales decreased 5.7% to $143.1 million. Growth in sales of higher margin commercial avionics and electronic relays were more than offset by significantly reduced sales of microwave devices and interconnect, due in part to lower sales to the U.S. government. I should note that the majority of 2013 sales of defense microelectronic related parts and spares has been very weak compared to prior years. However, following the quarter end, we did finally receive our first order for some of these products used in airborne electronic warfare applications. In addition, as we mentioned in our second quarter's earnings call, I would like to remind everyone that the sequential decline in revenue in this segment largely related to an overseas program that concluded in second quarter of 2013. Operating profit and margin suffered as this segment experienced the greatest level of charges for severance and facility consolidations. In the third quarter, charges totaled $8.7 million, including an environmental reserve of $5.3 million. Turning to the Engineered System segment. Third quarter revenues decreased 18% as a lower -- as a result of lower government sales and a difficult comparison. Segment operating profit and margin also suffered in this segment due to higher pension expense and the absorption of $2.7 million in reduction in force and facility closure costs. While we're not optimistic about the outlook for Teledyne's government businesses in general, we continue to work on the development of an exciting commercial space-based digital imaging capability to be deployed on the International Space Station. We recently announced a Memorandum of Agreement with the German space agency, or DLR, for the first space-based imaging instrument that would be installed aboard the pointing platform, known as MUSES, which we are currently building. In conclusion, given our balanced business mix and ever-increasing commercial focus, I continue to be encouraged with our collection of high-technology industrial businesses. In addition, through ongoing transformation of our business portfolio, we have now made substantial reductions to our cost structure to position the company for continued success. Finally, we are pleased to increase our earnings outlook and we continue to expect 2013 to be our 12th consecutive year of GAAP and, I emphasize, GAAP earnings growth. I will now turn the call over to Sue Main. Sue?
Susan L. Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2013 outlook. Regarding third quarter earnings per share, I wanted to note that earnings included $14.3 million of pretax severance and facility consolidation expenses, offset by $11.6 million of discrete tax benefits. Turning to cash flow. In the third quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $49.5 million compared with $18.3 million for the same period of 2012. The higher cash from operating activities primarily reflected the absence of any pension contributions in the third quarter of 2013. Free cash flow, that is, cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $31.8 million in the third quarter of 2013 compared to $3 million last year or $30.8 million in 2012, excluding voluntary pension contributions. Capital expenditures were the $17.7 million in the third quarter compared to $15.3 million for the same period of 2012. Depreciation and amortization expense was $23.1 million in the quarter compared with $21.5 million last year. We ended the quarter with $554.4 million of net debt, that is, $643.1 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $88.7 million, for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 29%. Turning to pension and stock compensation expense. In the third quarter of 2013, gross pension expense was $4.3 million compared with gross pension expense of $1.7 million in the same period of 2012. Stock compensation expense was $3 million in the third quarter of 2013 compared to $2.3 million in the third quarter of 2012. Finally, turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the fourth quarter of 2013 will be in the range of $1.21 to $1.24 per share. We expect full year 2013 earnings per share of approximately $4.64 to $4.67, an increase from our prior outlook of $4.50 to $4.55. The 2013 full year effective tax rate is expected to be 28.3%, excluding discrete items such as nonrecurring tax benefits or adjustments. Finally, we expect additional severance and facility consolidation cost in the fourth quarter of 2013 of $3.7 million and $22.4 million of severance and facility consolidation cost for the full year of 2013. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to the line of Tyler Hojo with Sidoti & Company.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just firstly, I was hoping that maybe you could discuss what some of the cost savings will be from some of the restructurings that you've talked about and will take place in Q4 here.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. We -- first and foremost, most of the emphasis in cost savings has been in our defense electronics and electronic manufacturing businesses. We have relocated facilities from California to Tennessee and combined our facilities, that's a reduction of almost 110,000 square feet of space in California, a facility that at one time employed about 350 people. We've also changed our structure in our microwave businesses that depend on government funding. Those are in Northern California. We've done consolidation of several facilities. We expect that these businesses combined will help us achieve much better margins going forward in our government-related businesses. Finally, I should note that as part of one of our acquisitions, we inherited a precision machining operation in the United Kingdom which served the aerospace industry. We were not planning to hold that business for long and we finally decided to shut it down in the quarter. We still do have a very good composites business in the United Kingdom, which we intend to keep, that serves the aerospace industry. So overall, most of our emphasis has been to reduce our breakeven point in our government-related businesses and improve the margins in those businesses as we go forward.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, but maybe I could just follow on to that. Where the bulk of these -- where the bulk of the focus was, was the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment. Where do you think margins can go in that segment? I think on an adjusted basis, they were just shy of 13% in the quarter.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think on an adjusted basis, you're right. They may be a little less than 13%, but I would say between 12% and 13% without adjustments.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, great. And then just maybe 1 last question. Just in regards to guidance, do you have an update in regards to kind of organic growth outlook for sales for the year?
Robert Mehrabian: I think the sales -- I mentioned this at the last earnings release also, I think for the full year, our organic is going to be between 1% and 2%, probably a little closer to 2%. As you know, it was okay in Q1 until we took a little bit of a pullback, essentially flat, minus 1% organic in Q3. We expect to recover it in Q4 back to 1% to 2% and finish the year at 1% to 2%. Considering how difficult an environment the government businesses are, not just for us but for everyone else, we're happy with this because we're really depending on our commercial businesses that we've developed in the past several years to contribute most of the earnings for the company.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Maybe as a follow-up to that previous question, can you give us a sense as to what your organic growth rate is in the commercial business this year?
Robert Mehrabian: Overall, as I mentioned, in the Q3 period, it was about 6% overall. Our international was up pretty nicely, better than that. But I would say about 6%.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And so for the year, as a whole, Robert, is that -- should we think of organic growth in the commercial business in that mid single-digit area?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Maybe a little higher than 6%, but that's a good estimate.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I also wanted to just follow up on a comment that you made about the Digital Imaging business. You alluded to some reasonable growth perhaps coming back in Q4, where do you see that coming from?
Robert Mehrabian: First, we think Digital Imaging will grow maybe 3% to 5% in Q4 versus the prior year and Q3. Most of that should come in our DALSA visible camera businesses. We have -- we're doing reasonably well in flat-panel display inspections. As you may know, we make somewhere between 60,000 and 70,000 cameras in DALSA annually, and that business has picked up, especially in Asia Pacific. We are not as optimistic about our LIDAR businesses. They have not done as well in the previous quarters. But we think DALSA will do probably another $6 million to $8 million better in Q4, and most of that is in Asia Pacific and most of that so far has been in the flat-panel display inspections. We also are positive about our work in the x-ray domain, even though some of those revenue increases probably will come later next year.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And one final question. LeCroy typically, as I recall, the December quarter was seasonally a good quarter. Are you seeing that trend continuing? And are you seeing just some improvement in the underlying market for oscilloscopes?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me back down on the underlying oscilloscope market. Year-to-date, I think LeCroy is down about 2% versus what, at least, our market intelligence says. The market as a whole may be down as much as 10%. The market is, we believe, stabilized now, especially LeCroy has done well in Asia Pacific and somewhat okay in Americas. EMEA is where most of the slowdown has been, that's been significant. We think in Q4, we're forecasting maybe 2% to 3% improvement in revenues.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Mark Jordan with Noble.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: A question on the -- follow-up here on the defense and electronics and aerospace. I mean, if you look historically, the operating margins in that sector had been in the 22% to 24% range. Obviously, currently, with restructuring that's going on and the resizing of the business, you're well below that. My question is once you get into 2014, your consolidation moves are -- have been completed, you've restructured that business. Can the Aerospace and Defense Electronics business, longer term, be a 20%-plus up margin contributor?
Robert Mehrabian: Mark, I guess I'm a little confused. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics, as you know, we have an aerospace business, which is our controls business, which does serve the aviation market, which is doing really well. I think there the margins are closer to what you indicated. But when you add the defense businesses to that, historically, the operating margins in that business have been around 12% and at really good year, that might go up to 13%. We think with the cost that we have taken out, especially in Q3 and some in Q1 and more that we'll take in Q4, those margins should stabilize back down to the historical 12%, overall.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: The volume in the -- in that sector dropped down. You've been running in the $160-plus million level on a quarterly basis, coming in this quarter at $143 million. Is this business, with the restructuring moves, just fundamentally in the $140 million, $150 million range on a normal basis?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think, going forward, we probably expect it to be in the $150 million range, Mark.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Okay. On the pension front, you obviously took a very conservative stance lowering your discount rate to 4.4% versus 5.5% last year. Given a very strong equity market here, do you see that rate having the potential to move upwards slightly, all things being equal, if you were looking at today being the end of the calendar year?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I totally agree with you on that. I think the rates will go up a little bit. Obviously, we won't know until December. But right now, it looks like it's going to go up.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Michael Ciarmoli with KeyBanc.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Maybe if we can, just a little bit more on the instrumentation segment. The weakness in LeCroy, you mentioned the EMEA region, but clearly, that asset has been underperforming, I guess, since the acquisition. And it also looks like one of the other acquisitions, RESON, has underperformed a bit. And is there anything else happening there just besides broad macro weakness? I mean, can you give us some context into the pricing environment, maybe the competitive environment?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think in LeCroy, I'm not sure if I would agree that it's underperforming. If you took the Q3 of last year and compared it to Q3 of this year, the revenues have actually gone up versus last year's Q3. They have gained share in the market. They introduced the High Definition Oscilloscopes, which have become kind of the new standard for the market. They have introduced the 65-gigahertz oscilloscope, which has been very successful in the market, and have actually demonstrated a 100-gigahertz oscilloscope at the end of the last quarter. And they're working on the indium phosphite chips in collaboration with Teledyne Scientific. So overall, I would say it is not underperforming. We're very pleased with these operations. They're improving margins continuously, and we expect them to be one of the highlights of our portfolio as we move forward. Coming back to RESON, which is the multibeam imaging system that we bought, that you're right. Market there has been a little slower primarily because they're more dependent, have been historically, on the European market. But again, there we're doing a number of things that would be beneficial in the long term for the -- our imaging, underwater imaging businesses. We're taking the RESON software and using it in 2 of our other underwater imaging systems, the BlueView, which we acquired last year and hold them, and we're now combining all of those under a marine imaging systems business, which would have probably the most broadest range of imaging products, underwater imaging products, with a strong future potential. So I think RESON, because of the European effect, has had some slowdown. But we're very bullish about the future of our whole underwater imaging businesses.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then just the last one, I think someone was alluding to it earlier, but if I look at your kind of the adjusted segment margins collectively in that 13.6% range, how should we be thinking about kind of some margin expansion leverage across the portfolio as we look into '14? I think you guys, in the past, have characterized that it's maybe 25 basis points or 50. I mean, can we see an acceleration of some of the leverage in this model given some of the cost-cutting and cutting of overhead and optimizing the facilities?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think, in the long term, we anticipate margin expansion across all of our businesses combined. In the short term, I think we will probably hold segment operating margin around 12%. In some of our other businesses -- some of our business like instrumentation, they can go over 17% once we get through this. And -- but on the other hand there, we think that overall, 12% now, maybe a little better than that next quarter. And then going forward next year, we should be able to improve our margins consistently.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Robert Kirkpatrick with Cardinal Capital.
Robert Benjamin Kirkpatrick - Cardinal Capital Management, L.L.C.: First of all, Robert, thank you for re-signing up for another few years. I noticed you filed your contract this morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Rob, I don't know what to say to that.
Robert Benjamin Kirkpatrick - Cardinal Capital Management, L.L.C.: Well, you could give us a little bit more color then on the Boeing contract that you announced the other day in the avionics side.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Rob, on the Boeing contract, historically, what we've done is we have supplied data acquisition systems and Wireless GroundLink products to our customers as a customer purchased product. Now what's happening -- and for -- in the Boeing part. For Airbus, we historically supplied it through Airbus. But what this new contract does for us is it kind of strengthens our position with our major customer, Boeing, especially in 737 and 747. In those markets, we may enjoy 70% market shares today in the products we provide, that will go up to 100%. And in the out years, next year, with probably more R&D for the -- introducing the new products. But in the out years, that might help add another $50 million of revenue to our controls business, which is about a $120 million business and very profitable. More importantly, it cements our position with both of our major customers now, both Boeing and Airbus. And it complements what we are already do in our Wireless GroundLink, where we have over 5,000 installed units in various commercial aircraft. So it's -- we're very excited about this opportunity to be a sole source over the long term.
Robert Benjamin Kirkpatrick - Cardinal Capital Management, L.L.C.: Great. And then back on the restructuring, to follow on to the questions that were asked earlier, what made you take -- it seems as though you took incremental steps that maybe hadn't been anticipated 6 months ago or something like that. What was it that made you decide to take those incremental restructuring steps?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, Rob, what really happens is that restructuring, as you know, is disruptive to a business enterprise because you have unsettled employees, you have -- you want to do your consolidations rapidly. We took a hard look at our businesses after Q -- the first half of the year. We said, "Look, we've got to do what we have to do in Q3 and a little bit in Q4 to do all of this and put it behind us, so we go into 2014 with a much lower cost structure." So in Q3, we actually just accelerated it. The big environmental charge that we took, that really was not planned. It just happened. That was -- the facility was vacated and the soil was examined. Our consultants estimated the cost of excavation and cleanup. And once that happened, well, we obviously are obligated to take the charge. But we also accelerated our drop -- reduction in force. We took about $5.3 million in charges in reduction in force in Q3. We'll probably take $2.4 million more. So for the year, 2013, we should approach about $9.4 million, $9.5 million. And I like to put that drop behind us, so that as we move into 2014, we kind of have our business disruptions behind us and we can focus on growing our businesses.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move on to the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Robert, I wanted to follow up with 1 item from earlier in your speech. You indicated that the international business, which I think has been an area of focus growth, was I think 65% -- sorry, I got those numbers wrong, the percentage growth did not match with the percent of the profit contribution, which implied that you're seeing lower margins in your international sales. And is that due simply to the mix of products or are there other issues that you need to address with some of the international sales?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me go back. First, what I said before, and I think you were on, right on, between our international sales and our domestic commercial sales, we were up significantly. And in our international sales, we were up about 14% year-over-year. International sales in 2000 -- if you went back a few years, they were in the 20% range. Last year, they went up to 39%. And in Q3, they're about 45% of our total. Actually, they're high-margin sales because most of it is focused on our marine and environmental and aviation, which is the controls that I just mentioned. So overall, international sales, I would say, are higher margins. We were a little worried awhile back, for example, in our environmental product sales in China because of the domestic content requirement. And interestingly enough, in the air quality monitoring and water quality monitoring, they have kind of reversed their direction and are seeking much higher precision instruments, which serves us so very well. So I think overall, we're bullish about our international businesses.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got you. I think you also mentioned that with regard to the long-term operating margin trend, you're seeking to improve margins consistently. I assume that's sort of the standard 100 to 200 basis point per year improvement that you've been delivering historically.
Robert Mehrabian: I think, Mark -- Chris, you know me. If I went there, I'd be kind of getting outside of my comfort zone. I would say 50 to 100 basis points a year is what I'm looking for. We're starting our operations reviews in about 15, 20 minutes with all of our businesses here. So I'm going to urge them to go as high as you said. But between 50 and 100 would be where I would say we are.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I know, generally speaking, the operations and maintenance budget isn't as big of an issue for you with regard to the overall defense spending. Nonetheless, do you expect with sequestration and the government shutdown, you might see some kind of an impact on fourth quarter? And perhaps could you quantify overall what sort of an impact sequestration and shutdown might have had on your '13 results in Aerospace, Defense?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I would say, overall, Chris, if you look at our government businesses, we -- throughout the year for 2013, I'm going to say, it's going to be down about 11%. It was more down in third quarter. It was down more like 14%, but it will moderate out to about 11% for the year. I think in the fourth quarter, our revenues are going to improve over the third quarter in general for a variety of reasons. We are -- but then I also -- look, I have to tell you, in the long term, I am not comfortable with our government procurement policies. And that's why starting several years ago, we kind of switched tactics and started very aggressively moving into industrial growth markets because you well know the current administration is emphasizing areas in government spending that we are not participating in.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Understand. Also with the Boeing announcement, if I recall, historically, that was always buyer-furnished equipment, not an OEM sale. When did that transition happen where you're selling directly to Boeing now?
Robert Mehrabian: Historically, you're exactly right. We were selling to Airbus directly, but not Boeing. This is a brand new development for us. What is more important to us is that it moves us from where we owned most of the market in that domain to 100% of the market, we own those aircraft, which is very attractive for us. So this is very new with Boeing. Historically, we have done a little Boeing for a niche but primarily through the customers. And we still have our Wireless GroundLink, which you are very familiar with, Chris. That's still furnished to the buyers at last right now. And as I said, we have about 5,000 of those installed.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and given there's been some pretty steady long-term growth in the aviation and avionics markets, is that an area where you might look to make some more investments? And specifically, when you look at the next-gen $40 billion investment by the FAA in the industry, is that going to drive growth for your business?
Robert Mehrabian: It's a heavily consolidated market, as you well know. But I think where we are making an investment is in your favorite area. Not exactly satellite imaging because that's so expensive, but we are going to make investments in the international space-based imaging, which we talked about before. You may not consider that avionics and it's probably not, but it is looking down from above, and we think that's probably where we'll make most of our investments because the other areas are fairly consolidated.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And final question on that last point, interesting program there with the space-based sensor. But is that a one-off or are there follow-on opportunities that you see in that same domain?
Robert Mehrabian: First, the platform that we're putting on, what we're building right now, which we'll deliver in '14 and fly in '15, it's home for 4 instruments. And we've announced one of them, which is with a German aerospace, which is DLR. A second one, which is a larger instrument, it's an instrument which are hyperspectral instrument. That we will be developing in collaboration hopefully with NASA. And we have room for 2 other instruments, there are potential customers being lined up for that. But more importantly, I think there's opportunity, Chris, for us to put other pointing platforms on the space station as we go forward. So it's not one-off. And frankly, it's a much more attractive proposition than trying to fund a satellite, put it up and then get the data down and fund all of that cycle. It's a much more financially attractive proposition, especially with our capabilities. We already have so many instruments, what you need further than the visible domain in space. So we feel comfortable that this is going to be a good growing business for us.
Operator: We'll go back to the line of Michael Ciarmoli with KeyBanc.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on tax. You mentioned for the full year, you'd have a 28.3% rate before discrete items. Should we expect any tax items in the fourth quarter though? And then can you give us a sense of what the tax rate for '14 might look like?
Robert Mehrabian: I think the 28.3% for our base tax rate is a good number. I don't know what '14 would look like, but it would be somewhere between that and maybe 30%, 31%. As our job, foreign production and foreign manufacturing increases, especially in Canada and U.K. and some in Europe, our tax rates have been going down and we are fortunate in that regard. But I think 28.3% is a good number for Q4.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just one more follow-up on the Boeing contract. Is that a result at all of partnering for success? And is there any way you think that might further expand?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, what it does is, Steve, it consolidates our position. Even though we had the majority of that market through our customers, which were the airlines, you always get competition. By going directly and being able to go to 100%, that helps us in that area quite a bit. And now, frankly, it helps Boeing improve their margins. It's a cost-saving vehicle for them. But it also allows us to put -- to upgrade our systems, both for the data acquisition system as well as for the, basically, the data storage system. And I think it's a good thing for us because it kind of firms the market for us for the next 10 to 12 years.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And do you think that helps with other upgrades to buyer-furnished equipment where somebody may not be using your system now but may replace what's onboard with your system to make it consistent?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think going forward, that's exactly what we're hoping. I will add that they just -- we're adding content to the network file server. And I will also add that one of the biggest market drivers that we enjoy there is our Wireless GroundLink, which obviously takes data from these devices and downloads to the operating center of the airline. And that kind of -- harmonizing that with these 2 devices is an advantage that we'll enjoy going forward.
Operator: I see no additional questions in queue at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. Appreciate your participation. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call. Jason?
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. If you do have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release. And again, all our earnings releases are available on our website, teledyne.com. Operator, if you can conclude the conference call and give the replay information, we'd appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10:00 a.m. Pacific today through midnight Sunday, November 24. You may access the AT&T TeleConference replay system at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code 299243. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - Senior Vice President of Strategy and Mergers & Acquisitions Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Susan L. Main - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Member of Sarbanes-Oxley Disclosure Committee
Analysts: Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Teledyne Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Senior Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne. And I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne Technologies' Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market open. Joining us today are Teledyne Technologies' Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats, as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And, of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast. And a replay, both via dial-in and webcast, will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Second quarter's sales of $601 million increased 15.9% compared to last year, our all-time record. GAAP earnings per share were $1.13 and were a record for any second quarter. Organic revenue growth of 2.9% was respectable, given the current economic environment and resulted from a 6.2% increase in organic sales in our Instrumentation segment and 11.8% increase in organic sales in our Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment. Total book-to-bill was 0.98x and backlog remained over $1 billion. Today, Teledyne is a high-technology company, serving industrial markets. We have evolved from a company that was primarily focused on Aerospace and Defense to one that now serves multiple markets that require advanced technology and high-reliability electronic and imaging systems. Sales to international and domestic commercial customers comprised approximately 75% of our total sales in the second quarter. Furthermore, given their greater profitability, these businesses contributed approximately 85% of our profit in the quarter. Instrumentation sales increased 43.5% and should approach $1 billion for the full year 2013. For example, our Marine Instrumentation businesses continue to perform very well, with year-over-year quarterly sales increase of almost 27.9%, with organic growth of 9.7%. In this domain, we provide our customers one of the most comprehensive portfolios of marine technological products, ranging from connectors and communication devices to sensors, imaging systems and complete underwater vehicles. I did want to point out that we made a minor change to our segment reporting. Two commercial businesses that were formerly part of Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment were moved to the Instrumentation segment. These interconnect businesses, primarily serve energy production markets and are now managed by and integrated with our other interconnect businesses within the Teledyne oil and gas, which is part of Marine Instrumentation. The financials for the current and prior periods have been revised accordingly. Given the challenging global economic environment, we have increased our emphasis on cost reduction, reducing our headcount and manufacturing footprint in those businesses which are facing headwinds. For example, through July 2013, we have announced headcount reductions equaling 2.9% of our workforce. That is in addition to a reduction of over 4% in 2012. Overall, in the last 19 months, headcount has been reduced by almost 700. In the first two quarters, we've expensed $4.2 million of severance and facility consolidation cost. For the full year 2013, we expect such costs will be $9.1 million, with $3.2 million occurring in the third quarter. I will now comment on our business segments, after which Sue Main will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the third quarter and full year 2013. Turning to our Instrumentation segment. This segment, which is our largest and most profitable, serves the offshore energy, including deepwater exploration and production and global infrastructure markets, as well as provides a range of both environmental and electronic measurement instrumentation. International sales represented approximately 55% of the segment sales in the second quarter. Second quarter sales increased 43.5% to $257.7 million, with organic growth of 6.2% mentioned previously. As mentioned earlier, sales of Marine Instrumentation increased 27.9%, due largely to strong sales of geophysical sensors for offshore oil exploration and continued growth in sales of interconnect systems used in offshore energy production, as well as the acquisition of RESON, the world's leading supplier of commercial shallow-water, multi-beam sonars in March of this year. Sales of environmental instrumentation were flat, with sales of both air monitoring equipment and laboratory and field instrumentation, changing only modestly year-over-year. Electronic tests and measurement systems comprised of Teledyne LeCroy, which we acquired last year, contributed $46.4 million of sales, an increase of 6.9% sequentially compared to first quarter of 2013. Yesterday, we announced that Teledyne LeCroy demonstrated the world's first 100-gigahertz, real-time oscilloscope. This performance dramatically exceeds currently available bandwidth and is truly an industry milestone, one of many achieved by Teledyne LeCroy over the years. Almost as important, we also announced that Teledyne LeCroy, in collaboration with Teledyne Scientific, our R&D laboratory, released for production our first jointly developed next-generation indium phosphide chip to be used in future high-speed oscilloscopes and related test and measurement devices. Operating profit in the Instrumentation segment increased 33.9% and -- while segment margin declined because, for the time being, recently acquired businesses have lower margins than our existing businesses. Excluding the acquisition, margins in our environmental and marine businesses increased considerably compared to last year. Turning to the Digital Imaging segment. This segment provides a broad portfolio of visible, including LIDAR, which is laser-based, infrared, x-ray and ultraviolet sensors, cameras and software. Second quarter sales in Digital Imaging decreased 6% compared to last year. This was largely due to lower sales of images for remote sensing application, as well as reduced sales of LIDAR systems and MEMS products, partially offset by increased sales of infrared sensors and optics. At Teledyne DALSA, our Canadian imaging company, sales of industrial machine business systems, including those used for semiconductor inspection, increased compared to last year, but could not fully offset the tough comparison in the remote sensing market. This quarter, we made a small but important acquisition for Teledyne DALSA. We acquired Axiom IC, a designer of high-performance CMOS mixed signal integrated circuits. The technologies at Axiom will help us continue developing highly differentiated CMOS imaging sensors and cameras for our machine vision market. Within this segment, operating profit increased, and margins improved 81 basis points from last year. Turning to the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment. Second quarter sales increased 11.8% to $169.5 million. Sales of higher-margin avionics, microwave devices and contract manufacturing each increased in the quarter. Segment operating profit declined due in part to greater pension expense and charges for severance and facility consolidation, as we are co-locating operations in our Defense Electronic businesses to drive down our cost structure. Turning to engineering -- Engineered System segment. Second quarter revenue decreased 9%, and our operating margin decreased 148 basis points. We expect the performance of this still largely government-focused segment will remain challenging in 2013. Nevertheless, this segment continues to developed system-level products using technologies from our Instrumentation and Digital Imaging segments. In the past, we have mentioned 2 system-level prime contracts. The Littoral Battlespace Glider and the Shallow Water Combat Submersible programs, which combined together have a value of nearly $500 million. In addition, we have funding and continue to work with NASA on the development of an exciting commercial space-based Digital Imaging capability to be deployed on the International Space Station. In conclusion, I'm very encouraged with our balanced business mix and our portfolio of high-technology industrial businesses. Our strongest growth is coming from international markets, which now represent 45% of total sales. While there's some ongoing growth[ph] for our government -- U.S. government businesses, a proportion of these businesses continues to decline. And we're also making the necessary cost reduction to keep these businesses sized appropriately. Finally, we are pleased to increase our earnings outlook, and we continue to expect 2013 to be our 12th consecutive year of GAAP, and I emphasize GAAP, earnings growth. I will now turn the call over to Sue Main.
Susan L. Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our third quarter and full year 2013 outlook. Regarding second quarter earnings per share, I wanted to note that earnings included $2.1 million of pre-tax severance and facility consolidation expenses, partially offset by $0.9 million of net tax benefit. Turning to cash flow. In the second quarter, cash flow from operating activities was $112.8 million compared with $69 million for the same period of 2012. The higher cash from operating activities in the second quarter of 2013 primarily reflected the timing of accounts receivable collection, additional cash provided from recent acquisitions, partially offset by higher income tax payments. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $92.8 million in the second quarter of 2013 compared to $51.9 million last year. Capital expenditures were $20 million in the second quarter compared to $17.1 million for the same period of 2012. Depreciation and amortization expense was $22.1 million in the quarter compared with $18.1 million last year. We ended the quarter with $558 million of net debt, that is $628.1 million of debt and capital leases, less cash of $70.1 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 30.3%. Turning to pension and stock compensation expense. In the second quarter of 2013, gross pension expense was $4.4 million compared with gross pension expense of $1.6 million in the same period of 2012. Stock compensation expense -- stock option compensation expense was $2.8 million in the second quarter of 2013 compared with $2 million in the second quarter of 2012. Finally, turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2013 will be in the range of $1.10 to $1.15 per share. We expect full year 2013 earnings per share of approximately $4.50 dollars to $4.55, an increase from our prior outlook of $4.47 to $4.51. The 2013 full year effective tax rate is expected to be 29.5%, excluding discrete items such as nonrecurring tax benefits or adjustments. Finally, we expect additional severance and facility consolidation cost in the third quarter of 2013 of $3.2 million, partially offset by $1.9 million of anticipated net tax benefit and $9.1 million of severance and facility consolidation cost for the full year of 2013. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would like now to take your questions. Anna, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Mark Jordan with Noble Financial.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Robert, a question relative to the restructuring you seemed to be doing in your Defense and Aerospace area. I guess, the implication is that you expect another $1.7 million of expenses in the fourth quarter. And do you plan to have this overall restructuring program completed in the fourth quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, so I think, overall, you're correct. We may have a little bit left over for next year, but Mark, I think we should be pretty well done with it. That is what we see in our portfolio at the present time.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Relative to amortization with, the acquisitions that you've completed, what was the amortization of purchased intangibles in the second quarter? What do you expect for all of '13? And do have a number for '14?
Robert Mehrabian: I can tell you, in general, for the overall -- in the fourth -- in the third quarter, it was about $7.9 million. I think for all of 2013, Mark, it's close to $30 million, maybe $29 million.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: And do you have an -- knowledge of what it should be for '14?
Robert Mehrabian: I would think it would be about the same range. I think $30 million, because of the acquisition of LeCroy and acquisition of RESON, which have added to our amortization. And they won't go away for a while.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Final question, if I may. You're seeing a very slow creep-up in diluted share base related to options. From a capital deployment standpoint, does using cash to offset that option creep, is that a viable thing that you think about? Can you just talk about how you view option creep?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, I don't like it, obviously. On the other hand, with the stock price at the current level and our return on capital hurdles that we have, I think, Mark, we're better off using the cash to make accretive acquisitions and leave the option creep for a while. Now if the stock price were significantly lower, which I hope it won't be, then we'll revisit that issue.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I have a question on the strength that you saw sequentially at LeCroy. Is this a case of the normal seasonality in their business, that at least that we've seen over the years? Or are they seeing some improving underlying demand?
Robert Mehrabian: No, I think, Jim, your first conclusion was more of correct. I think it's more seasonal. The underlying demand is okay in the U.S. It's okay in Far East. It's really bad in Europe. And that we're hoping that Europe may have bottomed out or will bottom out in the third quarter. All indications are that, that would happen.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful, Robert. And then, one follow-up question in the Digital Imaging business. As I recall, last quarter, you had been anticipating, I believe, a fairly good sequential increase in revenues at Optech. I think it might've -- you might've talked somewhere around 15%, 20%. It sounds like that business is still weak. What are some of the dynamics that you're seeing in that area?
Robert Mehrabian: Fundamentally, Jim, as you know, we have -- we really own only 51% of Optech. 49% is minority owned. We had some growth from Q1 to Q2. I'm going to say from about $9 million to $11 million -- $11.5 million. So there was growth that I indicated there would be. On the other hand, they'll have -- they have had some delays in their market, especially, in their survey-grade mapping and some of their space, terratial imaging from space, airborne laser and terrain mapping products. It's not the easiest business for us to control, because while we are majority shareholder, there's a very strong minority component there. But I must say that they've also done headcount reductions to bring their cost structures lower in the recent past.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tyler Hojo with Sidoti & Company.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just, firstly, could you just update us on your full year expectations for organic sales growth? I think last quarter, you were indicating low, single digits, somewhere in the 2% to 3% range. Still on track?
Robert Mehrabian: I would say the same, yes, 2% to 3% overall.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, great. And then, Robert, maybe you could talk a little bit about how that kind of growth on unfolds just from a segment or end market perspective? That would be really helpful.
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. I think, basically, a lot of the growth comes from our Instrumentation and Imaging businesses. We expect instrumentation, year-over-year, to be 6%, maybe Imaging, 3.5%. But we're seeing some declines, as expected, in our Engineered Systems segment, about 6%, as I mentioned. That's a primarily still government-controlled program. And we're giving up some of the programs that are low-margin programs that relate to technical assistance programs for the government. We expect to have a little upside in our Aerospace and Defense Electronics, primarily because of improvements in avionics, which are tied to, of course, aircraft build. And some of our other products, like relays and so on. So overall, I think 3 of our segments should show increased revenues between 3% and 6%. One of our segments, the Engineered Systems segment, should show a revenue decline of approximately 6%.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, wonderful. And then just lastly for me. Maybe you could just talk about -- or give us an update on the reservoir monitoring system that was developed and installed in Brazil late last year? I think last we spoke on this, you were perhaps anticipating some additional follow-on orders. Where do we stand there?
Robert Mehrabian: As you indicated, we shipped the product last -- late last year. It's been deployed, it seems to be working very well. Our primary customer is in the process of redesigning the system, and we expect that while we may supply some components and connectors into that domain, for the near future, we don't see a significant increase in that business. Partially, I think, it's turning out to be a lot more expensive than people initially thought.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Robert, just wanted to follow up on your guidance for the Aerospace, Defense. I think, you said a little bit of upside. But Q1, you were up 5.5% and up over 11% in Q2. Does that imply flat to down sales in the back half of the year or a continuation of the trends we saw in the first half? And the second part of the question, just, if you can give us your general thoughts on what you're seeing from, specifically, the defense part of the business, with budget cuts and sequestration. It seems you've sidestepped that pretty well, but indications that you're past the worst of it?
Robert Mehrabian: Chris, let me we start with the first one. The first 2 quarters, Aerospace and Defense Electronics were up for 2 reasons. Our avionics businesses were up. But we also had a very significant business with the U.K. MOD, which is kind of a anti-IED program that we had, which was significant in the first 2 quarters. That's going to very much slow down, because we've delivered the major systems already and we're waiting for a follow-on program, perhaps late in the fourth quarter or early next year. So that part of the growth, Chris, that contributed to the 11% and then the 6.9-or-so percent -- or 8.9% is going away. Having said that, our avionics businesses are doing well. But if you look at it overall, that's about $110 million or so -- $110 million, $120 million business, so a slight increase -- a good increase there doesn't change things very much. So I would say that in the Defense Electronics businesses, if you separate the Aerospace for a second, we are seeing some delayed sequestration. You know that one better than most. That is pushing the depots, the military depots that used to buy our products to replenish, for example, electronic warfare equipment, like Traveling Wave Tubes and solid-state amplifiers. They're pushing that off. It's going to the right. But one other thing is happening in the government that people haven't really paid attention to, there is an ongoing kind of a reduction in -- effort because of people being furloughed. A lot of the high-paid -- the executives at the high end of the government programs, senior executive service, GS15, 16s, et cetera, are being furloughed one day a week. So even when things were going well, programs were getting delayed, now with the furloughs, we can't get a lot of decisions from the government, because people are working, really, only 80% of the time.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got you. Switching gears, the Engineered Services business, can you give us a sense, with the downsizing of that business, where the business mix stands nowadays between the traditional services business and your push towards more engineered products, I guess, a hardware versus service mix?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. If you look at the big picture, Chris, back in -- let's say, 2010, we had about $75 million to $80 million of system engineering and technical assistance program, primarily in missile defense area. That is pretty much gone away. We're about $10 million today. So -- and those were, by the way, our lower-margin businesses. So we've given a lot of that up. Second thing that's happened, in the NASA program because of the weak support from the White House, especially in the manned space mission, we've gone from about $80 million to about $50 million in the last 3 years. So those are the 2 major declining programs. Our manufacturing, which is Marine and Aerospace manufacturing, in the same period, has increased from $13.5 million to almost $50 million. And as I indicated before, there are some very significant system-level programs that we've been fortunate enough to get and those include the shallow water submersible, the glider program. We also have time programs in space now which -- with NASA. And then, finally, in the missile defense program, we do have a significant effort in software, which is the objective simulation framework. So here's what happened overall. Programs that were lower-margin programs that we had -- we were subcontracting out to small businesses, we're obliged to do it, those have declined. Programs that are manufacturing-related have increased. And then our prime programs have increased. I think over -- this year's been a really tough comparison. We're going forward, I think we pretty much stabilized this business, especially as we also move with the space imaging, as I mentioned before, where we will -- we are building the multiuser platform at the present time, which will go on the International Space Station. And we're working on with NASA to see how we equip that platform with both a multispectral and hyperspectral imaging system. So when you look at it, I think it's a healthy shift in the business. So temporarily, we've taken some declines in revenue. But, frankly, I don't miss those programs that we had before, because they were lower margin and really not that exciting.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got you. And are there any other big system-level program opportunities out there you're chasing?
Robert Mehrabian: At the present time, the one that comes to mind that's sitting out there is the USEC program, as you know, that is a nuclear fuel recycling program. We don't have a lot of information on it, it's in an R&D space right now. We enjoy about $7 million, $8 million a year in that program. But if that government guarantee is successful, which there are some indications that, that might come around, that program can grow to be 4 or 5x, maybe even 6x the size it is at the current time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Michael Ciarmoli from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: It's actually Kevin Ciabattoni for Mike. Most of my questions have been answered. Just wanted to look quickly at Digital Imaging. You guys gave a little bit of color, but just wondering if you could give some thoughts on kind of what we're looking at there in the industrial market. I know machine vision, you said, was up year-over-year, including the semiconductor part of that business. Just wondering if you could give us some more color there, if that seems to be like a trend that you're seeing or something kind of more seasonal? And then also, what you're looking at there in terms of potential expansion into the uncooled infrared market?
Robert Mehrabian: First, the machine vision, it's both semiconductors, but, also, there's significant increases in deployment of our system in flat panel display. And those -- especially, of course, located in Asia. I think we're doing very well. We see strength in that domain. In the uncooled infrared sensor development, what we have is we have a -- we're developing a capability to manufacture low-cost high-performance, long-wave infrared sensors, as you know, also known as microbolometers, in our Bromont, Qubec, semiconductor facility. These will, obviously, complement our other infrared sensors, including those that we do here, based on mercad telluride, which are cooled. We are testing, at the present time, alpha testing processes. We have our equipment installed. We have collaborative efforts with the Canada's National Institute for Optics. We have developed some prototypes, and we have some partnerships established with a large customer in the U.S. As you know, once we get this thing going, the -- one of the advantages we would enjoy is because the production facilities are in Canada, they would be ITAR-free, which would give us a lot more freedom to sell to international customers. Having said all of that, Digital Imaging, overall, the comps have been relatively tough year-over-year. Having said that, this is the highest revenue we've had in the last 3 quarters.
Kevin Ciabattoni - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, just one last one for me. In terms of pension, just wondering if you could maybe give us some initial thoughts of what we could see next year, with the expectation of kind of higher rates in terms of both pension expense and equity returns?
Robert Mehrabian: Fundamentally, I can't say a lot. I think the returns have been healthy, so I think our funding ratio has improved. It's over 100% at the present time. We do have also the potential for improvement in the discount rate. As you know, as the discount rate moves up, the pension obligations go down. Right now, we're operating at 4.4% discount rate, Kevin. It's possible that by year end, that will go up. But it's a little early for us to kind of numerical numbers on that. But the trend is in the right direction, I would say.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Jim Ricchiuti from Needham & Company.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Robert, I think that you commented that the book-to-bill was around 1. Can you talk a little bit about -- give us a sense of how the book-to-bill might look in some of the various segments?
Robert Mehrabian: It's not as easy for me to answer, but I'll give it a boyscout try. A lot of our businesses are book and burned, that I'd say a lot of our Instrumentation businesses, our LeCroy business, we book and burn every month. But if you look at the longer-term businesses, Digital Imaging is close to 1, it's 0.99 to be exact. Of course, we only count those things that are already approved and funded in our backlog. So if we have a program like the Shallow Water Submersible Program or the Glider program, that might have an IDIQ contract that is $500 million together, we only count that portion that we're sure we're going to get. So I'd say most of our segments are about 1 book-to-bill or higher. The only one that I'd say falls short of 1 is the one that I mentioned before, where we think year-over-year revenue would decline, and that's in the Engineered System, and that's about 0.94.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And if I -- one final question, if I may. Just getting back to LeCroy and the development work that you're doing in indium phosphide, that chip, you said, I believe is going to be released for production. Can you talk a little bit about the significance of this, and how you see this potentially finding its way into the market? Is next year realistic?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, let me back up a second. As you well know, Jim, the limitations on silicon-germanium, you -- we've gone to a relatively small feature size of 130 nanometers or 0.13 microns at the present time. And you've got to do that if you want to increase the frequency. But we're at a point where that is kind of at its limit, and that gives us about 200 megahertz frequency. But then your design function is about 1/5 or that or below. So the kind of chips we're using today are -- at LeCroy, at the top end, would be 36 gigahertz. Now if you move to indium phosphide, indium phosphide at 0.5-micron feature size already has 350 megahertz bandwidth. If you go to 0.13, which we have already in our laboratory, that's much higher. So let's come back to the chip then. The first chip that was released for production yesterday will probably go into an auxiliary probe component that we would use. Next -- with at the present time, we'll have start designing other products for LeCroy. And I think to get to the broadband oscilloscope, we probably -- it would take us a couple of years to get there, maybe 2.5. But the important thing is that LeCroy will, hopefully, introduce one new product by year end, using the new chip. And then as the momentum builds and our experience in the design with indium phosphide improves, that would introduce more products in the marketplace. And as you know, yesterday, LeCroy had a phenomenal breakthrough. It was not the first time they've done it -- they did it with the 30 megahertz , 45 megahertz, 65 megahertz. And now -- I'm sorry, gigahertz. And today, yesterday, at the 100 gigahertz bandwidth. So we're really excited about that. I will just add one thing which we didn't get a chance to talk about. We are taking our environmental and chemical analysis businesses, which are in the Instrumentation domain, and we're taking those and putting it together with our test and measurement. So going forward, we will have environmental and electronics measurement instrumentation in 1 group. And Tom Reslewic would be running that group, which it would be now a significant sized group, which would be about 42% of our Instrumentation businesses. And we think that combination of going to market together would be helpful all around.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: So Robert, that takes place -- will we see that in the next quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: It's already been put in place. It won't be changed, the reporting, because, you know, we report it in Instrumentation. It's all Instrumentation. But Instrumentation, basically, now will be 2 pieces. There will be the marine instrumentation, which has oil and gas and marine sensor systems imaging, on one side. And then on the other side, we would have the environmental and electronic measurement instrumentation, which will include everything that we did in our product line. Even though the products lines would be separate, they would be managed cohesively.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Levenson with Stifel.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: You pretty much answered the questions I was looking for on LeCroy products. So I'll ask, is there any way to use this technology and extended it into other operating segments or other operating product lines, where you think you can use it to capture share?
Robert Mehrabian: We are looking at potentially some overlap between LeCroy's capabilities and our Aerospace and Defense signal processing. Obviously, we do a lot of microwave products. And they're all moving to higher frequencies, both in the solid-state and others or TWTs. For example, in the solid-state products -- microwave products, we've gone from gallium arsenide to gallium nitride, we're now looking at some indium phosphide. We do have some terahertz electronics programs in our Scientific, which is our main laboratory. And the whole Mixed Signal area, there's overlap between the technologies. And then, finally, we're looking at some -- out of the immediate product line opportunities that might be there in controlling motors and other areas that would really move us into a whole new domain.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Does the Axiom acquisition have a role? Do the people at Axiom have a role in design of these products?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, they could. Right now, they do work for outside customers, that, in this domain. But right now, our focus is to get our CMOS imaging development programs improved. And there is a analog-to-digital conversion work that is planned for LeCroy there.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Robert, you gave some great guidance on the revenue side. I was wondering if you could perhaps do the same with us for the margins by segment. I know, at least, you've given some guidance previously that we should look for Instrumentation around 16% by the year end, and wanted to know if we were still on track for that, likewise for Digital Imaging and Systems Engineering?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think -- let's go to Systems Engineering first. As I said, that business is going to be challenged for the year. It was about 8% in Q2. I think that will go down a little bit. It might end the year shy of 8%, because we were really good in the first quarter, but we expect it to go down. I think in the other 3 segments, Chris, I see sequential growth in margins. Modest growth, but nevertheless, growth. I think by year end, Instrumentation should be north of 16%. Digital Imaging should improve from what it is, 7.5% now, more approaching 8% in the next couple of quarters. And Aerospace and Defense Electronics, we do have that cost -- that associated with facility consolidation. We have a nice hit coming in Q3. We're moving our main facility -- we, actually, have, but we're in the process of doing the rest of the stuff with it. We've moved 110,000 square feet of manufacturing space out of Los Angeles to Tennessee. And at one time, we had 350 people in that business. So very few of those are located. So we have a $3.2 million charge coming yet with that. So I think there's going to be some struggle to improve margins there because of that.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Is that the marina facility?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, yes exactly. And we've been there. I think that was the first business that Henry Singleton bought in 1961.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Nice stacks move from L.A. to Tennessee.
Robert Mehrabian: I'm not going to respond to that, because my headquarters is in California.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And, I guess, the call would not be complete unless someone asked you about your thoughts on the M&A pipeline?
Robert Mehrabian: That's a nice question. Let's see. There's some stuff happening there. I like what I see out there, especially in the smaller businesses. Of course, they're becoming expensive, because everybody's kind of effervescent about the market. But we'll do some small ones -- I haven't seen any big ones that we can afford at this time. But I think we'll make a few small ones going forward, the rest of the year.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Mostly technology acquisitions?
Robert Mehrabian: Everything we do is technology.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Fair enough.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. Operator, how are we doing?
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. I'll now ask Jason to conclude our conference call. Thank you, everyone.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again, thanks, everyone, for joining us. If you have follow-up questions, certainly feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release. And of course, our earnings releases are available on our website, teledyne.com. Operator, if you could conclude the call and give the replay information, please?
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay at 10 a.m. Eastern Time and will remain available through August 25. The dial-in number for the replay is 1 (800)475-6701, access code 292096. Outside the U.S., the dial-in number is (320)365-3844, and again access code 292096. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - Vice President of Strategy & Mergers & Acquisitions and Member of Sarbanes-Oxley Disclosure Committee Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Susan L. Main - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Member of Sarbanes-Oxley Disclosure Committee
Analysts: Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Robert Benjamin Kirkpatrick - Cardinal Capital Management, L.L.C.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the first quarter earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne Technologies. And I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me this morning are: Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats, as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast. And a replay, both via webcast and dial-in, will be available for approximately 1 month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everybody. First quarter sales are $569.4 million, increased 15.3% compared to last year, and were an all-time record. GAAP earnings per share of $1.07 increased 11.5%. For the quarter, organic revenue growth was 2.1%, driven by 3.7% increase in organic sales in our Instrumentation segment and 5.5% increase in organic sales in our Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment. Orders were also strong in the first quarter. Total book-to-bill was 1.1, resulting in record backlog of over $1 billion. Today, Teledyne is a high-technology company serving industrial growth markets. We have evolved from a company that was primarily focused on aerospace and defense to one that now serves multiple markets that require advanced technology and high-reliability electronic and imaging systems. Sales to international and domestic commercial customers comprised more than 70% of our total sales in the first quarter. This largely resulted from a 38% increase in sales of Instrumentation. Specifically, our main Instrumentation business continues to perform very well, increasing over 20% in the quarter with organic growth of 8.7%. In addition, book-to-bill in the marine business, excluding acquired backlog from the RESON acquisition, was 1.25. In this domain, we now provide our customers one of the most comprehensive portfolios of marine technology, ranging from connectors and communication devices to sensors, imaging systems and complete underwater vehicles. In the first quarter, U.S. government sales were at their lowest level in percentage terms. Nevertheless, our government business grew organically year-over-year, although modestly, assisted by new programs and recent contract wins that we had as a prime. Specifically, new programs in the infrared imaging and missile defense market helped offset weakness in other areas. We continue to emphasize collaboration across our businesses and we are achieving success. For example, we recently were notified by the U.S Navy's intent to award our Engineered Systems segment a sole-source contract for an additional 150 autonomous underwater gliding vehicles, which were developed and are produced in our marine instrumentation business. I will now comment on our business segments, after which, Sue Main will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the second quarter and the full year 2013. Turning to our Instrumentation segment. This segment, which is our largest and most profitable, serves the offshore energy, including deepwater exploration and production, and global infrastructure market, as well as provides a range of both analytical and electronic test and measurement instrumentation. International sales represent approximately 55% of the segment sales in the first quarter. First quarter sales increased 37.7% to $221.2 million with organic growth of 3.7% mentioned previously. Marine instrumentation continues to be a key strategic market for Teledyne. As mentioned earlier, sales of marine instrumentation increased 20.4% with revenue from most product categories growing compared to last year. Sales of acoustic systems and autonomous underwater vehicles for hydrographic application, that is ocean mapping, grew nicely and our interconnect systems used in offshore energy production performed very well. Sales of environmental instrumentation decreased 3.8%, where increased sales of air monitoring equipment were more than offset by decreased sales of some laboratory instrumentation. Electronic test and measurement system, comprised of Teledyne LeCroy, which we acquired last year, contributed $43.4 million of sales. Segment operating profit increased 10.8%, while segment margin declined. The decline in margin resulted from the fact that recently acquired businesses had lower margin than our existing businesses, as well as the impact of acquisition and purchase accounting charges. Excluding acquisitions, margins in our environmental and marine businesses increased collectively compared to last year. Turning to the Digital Imaging segment. This segment provides a broad portfolio of visibles, including laser-based LIDAR, infrareds, X-ray and ultraviolet sensors, cameras and software. First quarter sales in Digital Imaging increased 8.7% compared to last year with the revenue growth primarily due to consolidated results of Optech. Sales of X-ray sensors for medical and dental applications and infrared sensors for government applications partially offset decreased sales of certain devices for remote sensing applications. At Teledyne DALSA, sales of industrial machine business systems, including those used for semiconductor, electronic inspection increased compared to last year. Segment profit and margin also improved. Turning to the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment. First quarter sales increased 5.9% to $174.6 million. Sales of higher-margin avionics, microwave devices and contract manufacturing services also increased in the quarter. Segment operating profit declined somewhat, in part due to severance and relocation charges, as we're consolidating operations in our government businesses to drive down our cost structure in this segment. Finally, turning to the Engineering Systems segment. First quarter revenues decreased 4.3%, but operating margin improved 66 basis points. We expect the performance of this largely government-focused segment will remain somewhat challenging in 2013. However, we believe the outlook for this business has stabilized. Also during the first quarter, we were awarded 2 significant NASA programs as a prime related to space payload operation and space systems development. In addition, the large prime contract wins in 2011 related to missile defense system development and a new Navy SEAL delivery vehicle are now meaningfully contributing to revenue. Finally, as previously mentioned, we were quite pleased to see Navy's intention to award us a sole-source contract for another 150 autonomous underwater vehicles, effectively doubling the size of our own original contract for these systems. In conclusion, I'm very encouraged with our balanced business mix and our portfolio of high-technology industrial businesses. Our strongest growth is coming from international markets, which now represents 43% of total sales. We even saw decent growth in Europe, although organic sales in Asia were relatively flat. While there's going to be some risk to our U.S. government businesses, they performed well in the quarter and we're making necessary cost reduction to keep these businesses sized appropriately. We also seek to continue acquisitions. And in the first quarter, we amended our credit facility, adding an additional $200 million of borrowing capacity. Finally, we continue to expect 2013 to be our 12th consecutive year of GAAP, and I emphasize GAAP, earnings growth. I will now turn the call over to Sue Main.
Susan L. Main: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our second quarter and full year 2013 outlook. Regarding earnings per share, as we anticipated, the first quarter of 2013 included $2.7 million of net tax benefits, compared to $1.1 million in the first quarter of last year. However, it should also be noted that operating profit was impacted by $1.7 million of pretax severance and relocation costs associated with certain electronic manufacturing services businesses, as well as $600,000 in acquisition cost. Turning to cash flow. In the first quarter, cash flow from operating activities was a usage of $56.7 million, compared with the usage of $19.7 million for the same period of 2012. The lower cash from operating activities in the first quarter of 2013 primarily reflected a voluntary pretax $83 million cash contribution to our domestic pension plan, compared to $50 million last year. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was a usage of $73 million in the first quarter of 2013, compared to $30.3 million last year. Capital expenditures were $16.3 million in the first quarter, compared to $10.6 million for the same period of 2012. Depreciation and amortization expense was $21.9 million in the quarter, compared with $16.8 million last year. We ended the quarter with $649.7 million of net debt, that is $698.7 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $49 million, for a net debt to capital ratio of 34.5%. Turning to our pension and stock compensation expense. In the first quarter of 2013, gross pension expense was $4.3 million, compared with gross pension expense of $1.7 million in the same period of 2012. Net pension expense after recovery of allowable costs pursuant to government cost accounting standards was $700,000 in the first quarter of 2013, compared to pension income of $1.5 million in 2012. Stock compensation expense was $1.8 million in the first quarter of 2013, compared with $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2012. Finally, turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the second quarter of 2013 will be in the range of $1.03 to $1.06 per share. We expect full year 2013 earnings per share of approximately $4.47 to $4.51. As noted in the earnings release, the discount rate for our domestic pension plan decreased to 4.4% in 2013 from 5.5%. The 2013 full year effective tax rate is expected to be 30%, excluding nonrecurring tax benefits or adjustments. Finally, as we experienced in the first quarter of 2013, we expect additional severance and relocation costs associated with operations in the second quarter of 2013. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. Tom, we would now like to take questions. Would you please proceed with the question and answers?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Jeremy Devaney with BB&T.
Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I wanted to touch on acquisitions first. Do you happen to have the revenue numbers for PDM Neptec and BlueView in the quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: Optech was 43...
Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Neptec, not Optech.
Robert Mehrabian: Which ones did you mention? PDM?
Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: PDM and BlueView.
Robert Mehrabian: PDM and BlueView together were about $6 million.
Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Perfect. So on the acquisitions, we saw a bit of a deceleration on all those acquisitions, except for PDM and BlueView. The biggest surprise for me was the LeCroy number, which looked like it was off about 11% versus last year's results. Were any of the slowdowns worrisome for you? Or had this been expected? And how do you see those acquisitions rolling out through the remainder of the reported periods?
Robert Mehrabian: Actually, it's not worrisome at all for us. The decline year-over-year for LeCroy was expected. First, other oscilloscope companies have had similar declines, but ours was partially artificial in nature for 2 reasons. One is that we -- because of our very rigorous processes for import and export, especially in this case, export, we held up a bunch of shipments almost half the difference to the Far East to ensure that we had appropriate export administrative processes in place. If you exclude that and look at our order side, on the order side, we seem to be, with those things in mind that I just said, fairly flat year-over-year, which is better than what other people have said. The second part of LeCroy is that they have, as you know, introduced a high-definition oscilloscope, which is 12-bit, 16 times better resolution. It's doing very well in the market. And in the first quarter, they introduced a 65-gigabit bandwidth oscilloscope LabMaster, which is probably the highest bandwidth oscilloscope in the market. So I'm very, very pleased with the progress that LeCroy is making.
Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Excellent. That color is extremely helpful. Also on the M&A process, you guys have had excellent process historically. And I was wondering if either you or Jason would like to comment on what you're seeing in the acquisition pipeline and any additional thoughts on pricing in areas of focus, especially compared to possibly the scale of your pipeline compared to this point last year.
Robert Mehrabian: Well, we've just reviewed that interestingly with the board yesterday. We do have a good pipeline. The prices are, what I would say, in the moderate to high side because obviously the market is up and people's expectations are high. We will make some acquisitions. They'll be mixed between small and intermediate that we've had before. I don't know when we'll do another one because if we have a hopper [ph], once in a while, something falls off the bottom and we catch it. But we anticipate we'll make some more.
Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Perfect. And then last and I'll get out of the way here, you mentioned a bunch of new IDIQs in the Engineered Systems group and there's a few legacies. I know NASA has been kind of hit hard on the budgets. And I was curious, what are you seeing on the take rates under your IDIQs? And have any of the newly announced awards actually begun to ramp on delivery orders?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, we have -- if you look at the Engineered Systems as a whole, Jeremy, over the last -- since 2011 to March 18 -- March 13 of this year, they have received about $1.6 billion of prime contracts in 4, 6, 7 programs, 2 of those are NASA. The most recent one at NASA is $350 million. The mission operations and integration contract, which was awarded in early March, was $120 million. And Shallow Water Combat Submersible is $391 million. That was last year. The Objective Simulation is about $595 million. Even if we get some decrease, as you know, in the IDIQ, I expect that we will get at least 75% of the $1.6 billion, which kind of secures our future. I must mention the last NASA contract that we received for engineering solutions and prototyping, which is $350 million, is under protest. But we think that will resolve itself by sometime early this summer.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Mark Jordan with Noble Financial.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Robert, I noticed that with relative to the pension that you're using a -- you'd moved to a 4.4% discount rate, which is either very conservative or very realistic, I guess, depending on your viewpoint. But with the contributions that you've made over the last year, voluntary contributions to your pension fund, $83 million here in the first quarter, I guess, the question I would have is what would have been your pension expense if you had not made that series of voluntary contributions here in 2013?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me back up a second, Mark. When we -- before we made the contributions with the discount rate that we lowered, our assets were about at 94% of our liability. So it wasn't really out of line. What we chose to do, we chose to pay up 2013 and 2014 contributions together. Because every year, regardless of where our pension is, what we've decided, what the board has decided to do is we should contribute what we're withdrawing from the pension, regardless of what the market does or what the discount rate does, because it will get us into trouble if we don't eventually. But coming back to what you said, with that additional contribution for 2014 this year rather than next year, we took the headwind that we were going to have from pension costs from $0.25, which would have been if we had only made half the contribution, to $0.15, which is what we're estimating right now for this year. Finally, I must note with the market being so favorable in the last few months, as of March 31, our pension assets now stood at, with that contribution included, at 104% versus our liabilities.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Over the last few years, you've used borrowings that are internally generated funds to fund your acquisition program. Do you have thoughts that given quite a reasonably decent valuation for the equity here, that despite the additions to your bank lines, that you might look to equity as a potential to allow you to accelerate your acquisition plans?
Robert Mehrabian: That would be a last resort. No, I hate to give up our equity.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Final question relative to sequestration. It's seemingly that most companies are talking about, that it hasn't been an issue because they're not going back and trying to claw back funding. But have you seen delays in funding that is not necessarily canceling a program but a funding delay that's pushing out ramps in any of your programs yet?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In some programs, we see some pushout but not too many. If -- Mark, what we've done in the last 7 years, as you know, knowing our portfolio, we've kind of walked away from a lot of the programs that would be affected by sequestration. And so with 70% of our business being commercial now and 1/2 of the business that's government really not being subject to those things, especially with our last contract wins, we do see a little pushout. Like in our Traveling Wave Tube business, we own the socket. So it's like you have the socket. They need a new lightbulb, and we provide the TWT. So we're seeing a little pushout there. But I don't think it's significant. If everything goes against us, as we see today, for the full year, it might affect us, let's say, $20 million in revenue.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tyler Hojo with Sidoti & Company.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just in regards to the guidance, could you maybe update us on top line expectations? I think, as of last quarter, you were looking for 2% to 3% organic growth. Does that still stand kind of following a pretty solid Q1 here?
Robert Mehrabian: Tyler, I'd say yes. There's so much going on around the world. Europe is weak. Even though we gained in Europe, Europe is, by and large, weak in a lot of markets. Far East is okay. We're seeing some improvements there. Interestingly enough, we don't see a lot of movement in the U.S. in some of our markets, except for oil and gas obviously. So I'd say we'll keep our current forecast at 2% to 3% organically.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay, that's great. And what about the RESON acquisition? What is that expected to contribute to sales in 2013?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, it started in March, which is -- so it will give us 10 months of revenue. I would say roughly about $53 million, $55 million for the year.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: All right. Great. And the only other question I had was just as it relates to the Optech acquisition. It looks like -- if my numbers are right here, it looks like the revenues were down about 35% year-over-year. I was hoping that maybe you could just comment on what drove that and what the expectation is there.
Robert Mehrabian: The main issue there is, as a private company, they still haven't adjusted to linear shipments as much as we'd like quarter-over-quarter. They have fairly lumpy shipments because of their -- they ship products that cost $1 million apiece. I think we would probably be okay in Q2. We'll go up maybe 20% sequentially, so that will take care of that issue for us, Tyler.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And I think you said in the press release that they had posted an operating loss. Will the volume increase in Q2 kind of heal that issue? Or how do you go about that?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think there are 2 things, Tyler. One is that we think there would be more shipments in Q2. The second thing is that they are putting in place -- we own only 51% of the company, but they are putting in place some cost efforts that would bring their breakeven cost point down. We are very excited about Optech because what it offers us is looking down from above the waterline, both on the coastline but also coupling the Optech images to our underwater imaging systems, fusing the images together. They have great technology, so we think they're going to be fine.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Company.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: A question I had is -- relates to the Digital Imaging segment. It looks like excluding Optech, the business was flat to up slightly. And you called out a couple of areas where it looks like you're seeing growth. I think you mentioned that the DALSA machine vision was up year-over-year. And certainly, the medical piece seems to be doing fairly well. What areas are weak? You called out in your press release, I think, remote sensing applications, some of the images for remote sensing. Is that the area that's been holding back the growth in that area?
Robert Mehrabian: It was really -- the remote sensing was really one product line that we make for an external international customer. Other than that, it's a very nice and stable business. Let me give you an example. In the medical imaging, medical dental imaging, their low-dosage, high-resolution image products are really gaining traction with our largest customers. And then if you look at their programs in flat panel display inspections, which is fairly important program for us, there are a number of things that are happening that are helping them. The smart telephone phone, hand phones and tablet businesses are growing very fast. And most of these are using new organic LED technologies for the display. And our customers, as a consequence, are ordering more products from us in that domain. We also have very active programs in migrating from CCD imagers to CMOS imagers, which are higher-speed images and higher-quality images, and we're introducing 2 new products. So all in all, that business is doing pretty well.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. So in terms of the display portion of the DALSA business, I didn't realize that you're also, in addition to inspecting LCDs, which I thought was right now, that market was a little soft, the main benefit from that area is coming from OLEDs?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Also the fact that both in the OLED -- both in Korea and also in Japan, that -- and China, they're gaining market share. And so the flat panel displays that we were doing, we still are doing, of course, for television and others. The declines there are being more than offset by smartphones and other devices.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And one final question, if we just look at the commercial business segment, just putting aside government, which has its own dynamics right now. But if we look at the commercial area and -- can you characterize where you see the opportunity for the most organic growth? I mean, it sounds like Instrumentation. And is it fair to say it's coming more from the marine instrumentation area? And if you could just rank the areas. I mean, you're talking about 2% to 3% organic growth. But I wonder if you can give us a little flavor for what you might be anticipating in some of the major commercial markets.
Robert Mehrabian: On the bigger picture, we are seeing about 3% to 4% growth in international markets for our commercial businesses. When you walk back to the marine businesses, we had over 8% organic growth. And primarily, that is driven by the fact that most of the oil that is now being produced and will be produced, new oil in the future comes from deepwater. And deepwater CapEx is forecasted to grow 90% between 2012 and 2017 with $135 billion going into subsea equipment, which is where we play. So in terms of ranking, I would say oil and gas, underwater connectors, underwater, both optical and electrical connectors. Then I would say the big opportunities are in the marine systems in general. For example, there is a very large program currently in ocean observation initiatives -- observatory initiative, which is a big scientific study of oceans that includes connectors, communication systems, all kinds of sensors that we produce. And we've already received about $20 million of orders just in that 1 program to date. So I'd say that's the second. And then the last one, again in the marine domain, is our underwater vehicles. We are getting traction there, both gliders, as well as powered underwater vehicles. So I'd say marine first, international, second. A lot of marine, of course, is also international. And lastly, in some of our air monitoring equipment, people already have started ordering air monitoring equipment and some also water flow systems. Municipalities have a little more money from taxes now. And in the air monitoring, the biggest growth area is in China. They had some really terrible news, vis--vis the quality of the air there in the last 90 days or so. And so they're buying a lot of our air monitoring. So I would say those are the areas.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: It was glad to hear that selling equity would be a last resort. But do you think there's an opportunity to refinance any of those senior notes at a lower rate, either now or in the not-too-distant future?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. We've looked at that, Steve. The -- we have 3 sets coming up. One is in 2014, which is too close to be worth refinancing. There's one in '17 and one in '20. We look at it all the time. It doesn't financially make that much sense right now. But if it ever makes sense, we would, yes.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. Does the news coming out of North Korea and Iran and the other threats that have shown up recently give you any confidence that funding will at least remain at current levels or maybe even grow?
Robert Mehrabian: I don't know. You'll have to ask the administration that question. But I'll tell you one thing about, at least, Iran. The whole underwater vehicle domain, as we know it, both because Iran and because of our emphasis in the Pacific, is growing. For example, threats of shutting down the Strait of Hormuz caused us to look at, us being the U.S., to look at ways of using underwater vehicles to detect the mines because they're not going to close the straits with their boats, they're going to try and mine them. And in general, we're seeing some uptick in our underwater vehicle. And as I mentioned just very recently, the Navy announced another 150 gliders of sole-sourced buy from us. On the North Korean side, I think the only thing I can say there is we make missile engines, turbine engines for missiles. And the most advanced one of those is the JASSM. And that has stabilized for us. And that's a good sign for us. And we're also having some foreign military sales in some of our Harpoon engines. And of course, missile defense is always on the radar. And there might be some actually cuts there to our DT&E. Having said that, because of the Objective Simulation Framework contract that we got, a large contract, we feel fairly secured there.
Stephen E. Levenson - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's great. Lastly, it's good to hear about the projections for oil and gas. But in the near term, do you see any slowness in that market?
Robert Mehrabian: We haven't seen that. I know the price of oil goes up and down, but it's way above what their costs are. Book-to-bill for us in the marine domain in Q1 was 1.25, which is about the highest we've seen.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just had a question. I know, Robert, some years ago or maybe it was just last year, you had talked about with the energies -- the Engineered Systems business making a greater move toward some of the manufacturing capabilities or utilizing the manufacturing capabilities you have. Can you give us an update of where those efforts stand, just kind of where the portfolio is today and where you think it might be in 1 year or 3 years from now?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. If you look back about 2 years, what I would say, our marine and aerospace manufacturing programs there were about $25 million a year annualized. This year, we expect that it'd be $50 million. And $40 million of that will be in the marine and some that are the gliders. But we also make up a whole range of products for Littoral Combat Ships and other projects, where we have large machining capability there. And so we think that's going to grow. Right now, it stands at $50 million for the year out of a revenue of, let's just say, approximately $300 million. So it's come up quite a way, and I think it's going to keep increasing. We are not involving them in our electronic manufacturing services business because that's a separate segment. And frankly, the business -- that business has lower margins than the rest of our portfolio.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got you. A housecleaning item, can you give us a ballpark annualized revenues on the RESON acquisition?
Robert Mehrabian: RESON, you're actually pronouncing it better than I am. Annualized, I think, we're looking about $62 million to $65 million, at least that's the projection currently. And of course, you know that we'll have them 10 months this year.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And final question here is a bit of a portfolio question. A small part of your business but one place where you haven't really had much activity in years is your energy systems business. And kind of unusual for you to either not invest in or divest businesses that are noncore. I think you had, looking back over the last several years, the Al Gore opportunity to sell, the Obama opportunity to sell. You hold now for Robert Wexler to become President. Or is this something where you're looking to go out and buy Fisker? I mean, what's going to happen with the portfolio?
Robert Mehrabian: I don't think Qatar wants to buy that business, even though they buy hydrogen systems. What we do have in that business that we can't really discuss in public is we do have a classified program that's growing. And it's a very good program actually. And it's about, I'm going to say, about $15 million a year and profitable. On the hydrogen business, the hydrogen generation business, we're probably one of the few commercial hydrogen generation businesses in the world that sells generators. And then we have some fuel cell products that we expect to introduce in some of our underwater vehicles. So in some ways, it's a fairly stable business. I don't think we would want to divest it at this time.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. So you're not buying Fisker?
Robert Mehrabian: Not, except if it's for nothing. No, I mean, wouldn't even touch it then. But it's a nice car.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with KeyBanc.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Robert, maybe just on Europe. Can you give us sort of the mix, the revenue mix there of what is truly exposed to sort of the broader industrial markets in Europe versus what your energy exposure is there that might be a bit more insulated from the kind of general macro conditions?
Robert Mehrabian: I'm going to say of our international revenues, maybe 1/3 or less than 1/3 is in Europe. Of that, there is a significant change from business-to-business. You don't see all the downside in any one time. We don't serve the auto market in Europe. And as you know, the auto market there is in real depression. We don't serve the construction market there, either. On the other hand, we do sell a lot of instruments, oscilloscopes. We do sell photometric vision equipment. This quarter, interestingly enough, our revenues in Europe increased. I don't know if that was a fluke or what. But so far, because of the mix of our businesses, I'd say we expect that to be relatively flat.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then what about -- you've got the strong book-to-bill in the quarter. What's the order pipeline looking like? Is it still sort of characteristic of what you're seeing in your end markets with strength in kind of Instrumentation, with marine kind of leading the charge? I mean, do you have good visibility into the future pipeline of order flow?
Robert Mehrabian: Probably, the orders will decrease in Q2 somewhat because some of the orders carry over into Q2. In general, I would say in our commercial businesses, it's fairly stable. The government businesses, as I mentioned earlier, we're seeing a little pushout. But right now, I would say our orders are fairly stable. We expect orders to remain stable for the year.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then just shifting over to the financials. Maybe, Sue, what's the expected level of amortization this year, which would include maybe any sort of one-time inventory step-up or other purchase accounting adjustments?
Susan L. Main: So the amortization is about $29 million and the inventory -- purchase accounting step-ups, we only have 1 right now, it's about $600,000.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. That $29 million translates into a $0.53 amortization, intangible amortization expense so that if we were doing non-GAAP, we'd probably stick that up top.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to the line of Robert Kirkpatrick with Cardinal Investment.
Robert Benjamin Kirkpatrick - Cardinal Capital Management, L.L.C.: If your discount rate doesn't change in the coming year, does that mean that in 2014, you would make no pension contribution?
Robert Mehrabian: That's correct, Rob. Because the contribution that, on the average, our withdrawal from the pension is of the order of $41 million to $43 million a year, last year, this year, next year. So with the $83 million contribution that we made in January, that was for both 2013 and 2014. So if things don't drastically change and create terrible headwinds, and especially if the market stays as healthy at is it today at 104% funding versus our liability, we wouldn't make a contribution in 2014.
Robert Benjamin Kirkpatrick - Cardinal Capital Management, L.L.C.: Well, certainly that will boost your cash flow then.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes.
Operator: And we have a question from Jeremy Devaney with BB&T.
Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So one of us usually asks you to spoonfeed us the model. Robert, if you could go through the segments and sort of give us an idea of what you're expecting on the growth and margin side, especially focusing on the margins, as we've seen such a turn in Instrumentation...
Robert Mehrabian: All right. I'll try and do that. In Instrumentation, as I mentioned previously, our margins went down from last year primarily because of the acquisition. And they were at 15.8%. I think Q2 would be maybe similar, maybe a little down. But as we move through the rest of the year, I expect the margins to improve, and we end the year at maybe a little over 16%. On Digital Imaging, I expect our margins to improve. Again because you recall, Jeremy, we talked about Optech having a loss and pulling the margins down there, so we expect that it was 5.1%. I expect that to move up to more the 7-ish range. In the Aerospace and Defense Electronics, it was about 12.5%, and I expect that to move up a little bit as time goes on. And in Engineered System, it was at 9%. That was very high for us. And I think that will go down somewhat. So when you add and subtract all of what I have just said, we think that our segment operating margin was about 12% this quarter. It should creep up over the year and maybe end up at 12.8%, 12.9%, something like that. Does that help? That's as much detail as I've given on that subject ever.
Operator: Well, there are no other questions at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. I'll just now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. If you have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number that's been on the earnings release. And again, all our earnings releases are available on our website, teledyne.com. Tom, if you could give the replay information for the dial-in, I'd appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Yes, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay starting at 10:00 a.m. this morning and running through the 24th of May at midnight. You may access the AT&T Executive playback service at any time by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code of 280571. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844. That does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - Vice President of Strategy & Mergers & Acquisitions and Member of Sarbanes-Oxley Disclosure Committee Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Susan L. Main - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Senior Vice President and Member of Sarbanes-Oxley Disclosure Committee
Analysts: Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Teledyne Technologies Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne Technologies, and I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's fourth quarter and full year 2012 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Sue Main; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Sue, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings, and of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately 1 month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. We ended 2012 with a very strong quarter. Quarterly and full year sales and earnings per share were each at all-time records. Fourth quarter sales of $567.4 million increased 19.6% compared to last year, and GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.17 increased 18.2%. Full year GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations were $4.33 and increased for the 11th consecutive year. For the fourth quarter, organic revenue growth was 5.1%, driven by 21.9% increase on organic sales in our Instrumentation segment. Fourth quarter free cash flow of nearly $100 million was also an all-time record. For the full year 2012, free cash flow, excluding voluntary pension contributions, was $184.5 million and exceeded net income for the sixth consecutive year. Throughout 2012, we accelerated our ongoing transformation into higher-technology and higher-margin businesses, serving industrial growth markets, including offshore energy, high-end digital imaging and analytical and electronic test and measurement instrumentation. The shift in our portfolio during 2012 was accelerated by 4 strategic acquisitions as well as a majority controlling investment in Optech, a leading 3D laser imaging company. As we seek to drive growth of new proprietary products and gain market share, R&D expense increased approximately 100 basis points compared to last year in both the fourth quarter and full year 2012. Given our strong fourth quarter sales and the strength of our commercial businesses, we were able to achieve net organic growth for the full year 2012 despite declines in our lower-margin government businesses. Turning to our business portfolio, we continue to experience weakness in certain markets and geographies and tepid growth in others. Nonetheless, the overall balanced mix of our businesses and growth in those end markets in which we made significant investments helped us overcome such challenges. For example, even excluding contribution from acquisitions, overall sales in Europe increased given strong sales growth of our marine instrumentation in the region. We also continued to experience growth in Asia, largely driven by increased sales of marine instrumentation and avionic systems. Finally, I'd like to discuss our operating discipline. Due to challenges in select markets and under ongoing reductions in government spending, we've responded with facility consolidation and a variety of Lean initiatives that accounted for a total workforce reduction in 2012 of approximately 4.3%. I will now comment on our business segment, after which, Sue Main will review some of our financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the first quarter and full year 2013. Turning to our Instrumentation segment, this segment, which is our largest and also most profitable, serves the offshore energy, including deepwater exploration and production, and global infrastructure market, as well as provides a range of both analytic and electronic test and measurement instrumentation. International sales represented over 50% of the segment sales in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter sales increased 56.2% to $232.6 million with organic growth of 21.9% mentioned previously. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 40% driven by strong organic sales growth of 34.8%. Revenue from virtually all product categories increased compared to last year's, but sales of geophysical sensors and interconnect systems for subsea oil exploration and production was truly outstanding. In addition, revenue from acoustic marine survey systems increased substantially, and sales of complete autonomous marine vehicles nearly doubled. Marine instrumentation continues to be a key strategic market for Teledyne. In addition to a strong share in subsea oil exploration and production market, Teledyne continues to grow in hydrographic survey, that is, ocean mapping market. Sales of environmental instrumentation grew 3.1%, driven largely by increased overseas sales of ambient air monitoring equipment. Teledyne LeCroy, a leading manufacturer of high-end oscilloscopes and other electronic test and measurement systems, contributed $46.5 million of sales. In the fourth quarter, Teledyne LeCroy launched the industry's first line of High Definition Oscilloscopes. The new products are based on the market's only true 12-bit signal acquisition technology, which provides 16x the measurement resolution of the 8-bit technology used by virtually all competitors. This increased resolution is important for an increasing number of customer applications ranging from automotive electronics, components development to mobile devices. The increase in segment operating part -- profit and margin largely reflected strong operating leverage given by the higher sales of marine instrumentation as well as strong margin performance in environmental instrumentation. Turning to the Digital Imaging segment. This segment provides a broad portfolio of visible, including 3D, laser imaging or LIDAR, infrared, x-ray, ultraviolet sensors, cameras and software. Fourth quarter sales in Digital Imaging increased 11% compared to last year, with the revenue growth due to consolidated results of Optech. Sales of x-ray sensors for medical applications largely offset decreased sales of certain sensors for scientific applications. Sales of industrial machine vision systems increased slightly compared to last year's, and also sales of infrared sensors, cameras, optics, also increased collectively but were offset by reduced sales from lower-margin government funded research programs. Segment operating profit and margin improved but continued to reflect over 300 basis points of intangible asset amortization, reinvestment of all our profit from our scientific R&D centers and the declassification of Canadian R&D tax credits from above-the-line segment income to below-the-line provision for taxes. Turning to our Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment. Fourth quarter sales decreased marginally compared to fourth quarter of 2011. Sales of higher-margin avionics and other commercial electronics increased while sales of microwave devices and interconnects also increased slightly due to acquisition of VariSystems. The overall decline in total segment sales primarily resulted from decreased sales of lower-margin government electronic manufacturing services. Segment operating margin declined, due in part to charges for severance and relocation, as we are consolidating operations in our government businesses to drive down our cost structure in this segment. Turning to the Engineered Systems segment. Fourth quarter revenue decreased 1%, but operating margin improved 24 basis points. We expect the performance of this segment, which is largely government-focused will remain challenging in 2013. However, we continue to reposition this business with a greater proportion of manufacturing and commercial sales and greater ability to pull through systems and services sales from our other segment. For example, this segment is leading the delivery of our marine instrumentation autonomous underwater vehicles for the U.S. Navy. In addition, in November 2012, we announced that this segment, in conjunction with our environmental instrumentation business, will lead an on-site and off-site management and support of research services for a number of sites for Dow Chemical. In conclusion, despite continued economic and government funding uncertainty, we ended 2013 with the strength of our balanced business portfolio, and now, we have the greatest proportion of commercial and international sales in our history. Finally, before I turn the call to Sue, I want to make a few general comments regarding our 2013 outlook. First, our full year 2012 earnings per share included net tax benefits of $5.4 million or approximately $0.14 per share. Second, because of the record low discount rate, we expect to have approximately $0.15 per share in additional pension expense in 2013 compared to 2012. In other words, we began 2013 with nearly $0.30 per share in EPS headwind. I will now turn the call over to our new CFO, Sue Main. Sue?
Susan L. Main: Thank you, Robert and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our first quarter and full year 2013 outlooks. Regarding earnings per share, the fourth quarter of 2012 included $1.1 million of net tax benefits. However, it should be noted that operating profit was impacted by $1.7 million of pretax severance and relocation costs associated with certain electronic manufacturing services businesses. Turning to cash flow. In the fourth quarter, cash provided from operating activities from continuing operations was $121.9 million compared with $79.8 million for the same period of 2011. The higher cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter of 2012 primarily reflected the impact of higher net income and lower income tax payments. Free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, was $99.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to $65.7 million last year. For the full year 2012, free cash flow was $124.2 million. Adjusting for the pension contribution net of taxes, free cash flow was $184.5 million or 114% of net income. Capital expenditures were $22.3 million in the fourth quarter compared to $14.1 million for the same period of 2011. Depreciation and amortization expense was $21.9 million in the quarter compared with $16.8 million last year. For the full year 2012, capital expenditures were $65.3 million, and depreciation and amortization expense was $78.3 million, with the amortization expense portion at $29.3 million or almost $0.55 per share. We ended the quarter with $512.4 million of net debt; that is, $558.2 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $45.8 million for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 29.8%. Turning to pension and stock compensation expense. In the fourth quarter of 2012, gross pension expense was $1.6 million compared with gross pension expense of $1.5 million in the same period of 2011. Stock compensation expense was $2.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared with $1.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. Finally, turning to our outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2013 will be in the range of $0.97 to $1 per share. We expect full year 2013 earnings per share of approximately $4.42 to $4.46. As noted in the earnings release, the discount rate for our domestic pension plan will decrease to 4.4% in 2013 from 5.5%. Finally, the 2013 full year effective tax rate is expected to be 31%, the same as in 2012, excluding nonrecurring tax benefits or adjustments in both years. As we experienced in the fourth quarter of 2012, we expect additional severance and relocation costs associated with operations in the first half of 2013. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Sue. We would now like to take your questions. Tom, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Tyler Hojo representing Sidoti & Co.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just firstly, I was hoping that you could maybe just give us an update of what the end-market mix is today. And then just to follow up on that, I'm just wondering, if we look at your 2012 guidance, what's your kind of sales growth or sales decline expectation in those individual end markets?
Robert Mehrabian: In Q4, our end markets were as follows. We had about 32% the U.S. government in sales, about 28% in U.S. commercial sales, and the remainder, or 40,% in international sales. We think probably next year, we would have an organic growth of low single digits, maybe 2% to 3%, maybe a little bit more. We expect that U.S. sales will -- in the government businesses will decline as we consolidate more of our businesses there, especially in electronic manufacturing services.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. Great. And I believe in Sue's comments, you made reference to some additional severance and relocation expense that's kind of baked into that guidance range. Could you perhaps quantify what the expectation is there?
Robert Mehrabian: I think in the first half, we probably will have something similar to what we had in the last quarter, probably. If not we have 2 quarters, so it would be about $4 million in that range. What we're doing there, Tyler, is we've already begun relocating our major electronic manufacturing services from Los Angeles area partially to another facility in California in where we make relays, solid state and mechanical relays. And the remainder of it, the majority of it is going to our main Lewisburg, Tennessee facilities. And that will happen probably by summertime, we should complete that transition.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And just lastly for me, I think in the last conference call, we were talking a little bit about a new reservoir monitoring system. I think it was already developed at that point, and you had installed it with a customer in Brazil. Any update on that?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, like I said, we don't have -- that system went live around Christmas time. It's an optical system that's sitting at the bottom of the ocean at about 1300 meters depth or about 4,000 feet. The system seems to be operating all right. We -- 99-plus percent of our sensors are working properly, but it's probably going to take another month, 1.5 months before our customer is able to analyze all the data and be able to give some report on it. But so far it seems to be doing okay.
Tyler Hojo - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And based on that comment, would you expect to see some follow-on order some time in the first half, or is that being a little bit too optimistic?
Robert Mehrabian: First half may be a little too early, but I can tell you that if that system is operational, over the long term, it should provide a really good complement to our other products that we make for oil production and oil exploration. This is a very small area that's covered and we -- if the tests work out, that should be pretty good. We also have another customer, other customers I should say, that we're making systems for reservoir monitoring, different types of systems, but they're also in tests right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Ricchiuti with Needham & Co.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: The question I had is regarding Teledyne LeCroy. It looks like the revenues on a year-over-year basis were down about 8%. Do you get a sense as you look out in the March quarter that the market is beginning to stabilize, or would you anticipate another modest decline in the March quarter on a year-over-year basis?
Robert Mehrabian: We -- I think every thing is stabilizing there. We might have a slight decline in the March quarter, but it's not -- we don't view that as a serious -- as I mentioned, Jim, the High Definition Oscilloscopes that were introduced by LeCroy are really gaining market share and doing very well, so any fallout in some of the other businesses that they have or other products that they have should be partially offset with those new products, which are selling very well.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then just turning to the Digital Imaging segment, it looks like, excluding Optech, that the business was down about 3% or so. I wanted to just follow up on some of the comments you made. I think I heard that you said the industrial machine vision was actually up slightly. So the decline was primarily in the scientific area?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. We have a major customer overseas that -- in the vision system area that we had a delivery in 2011 in the fourth quarter, a significant delivery, which didn't occur in the fourth quarter of 2012. Overall, the machine vision system is relatively flat, maybe up a little bit. Where we had the decline was in the government R&D segment, which as you know, we don't take any profit in that segment. Overall, the segment did very well. More importantly to us, in the area of very high-end space-based sensors and systems, we are gaining traction with proprietary customers where we have now increased our revenues to about $20 million a year, and we have significant orders going forward.
James Ricchiuti - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: On the machine vision side, on the commercial side of that business, again, does it look -- does the outlook for the March quarter appear stable? Are you starting to see some signs of improvement in the market?
Robert Mehrabian: I think it depends on which area of the world you're looking at. I think in the Americas, things are relatively weak, not really improving that much. We're more confident in what is happening in Europe, maybe a little more recovery also in Asia, even though Asia is relatively volatile. The one area that I didn't mention earlier where we are seeing some significant improvement is in our CMOS x-ray sensors for dental and surgical imaging applications, real-time surgical imaging applications. There, we're seeing significant improvement in revenues.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Devaney of BB&T Capital Markets.
Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I wanted to circle back on some data points quickly first. Q3 international sales and U.S. government sales were what?
Robert Mehrabian: Q4, I said they were 40% above. I can't dig out Q3. International sales were about 40%. Government sales were about 32%.
Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And then funded backlog for both Q3 and Q4?
Robert Mehrabian: I would say our funded backlog right now is about a little over $860 million.
Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: All right. I wanted to follow down the same vein as Tyler, looking at some of these end-market growth rates. About midyear last year, you gave -- or midyear 2012, you gave us a pretty nice breakout on growth rates during the call, where you said government sales were down about 7% and commercial sales were up 7%. How have you seen that change through the back half of 2012, and can you give us a little bit more color along those lines looking forward?
Robert Mehrabian: Jeremy, government sales for year-over-year, or just the total year, were down about 4% to 5%. International sales were up about 7%, and these are organic. And U.S. commercial went down about 2%. All organic numbers that I'm quoting.
Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And when we look at your 2013 guidance, can you help us understand the underlying assumptions? It looks like it's a little bit more optimistic a starting point than the prior 2 years. And I wouldn't call it overly growthy, but it's a little bit -- it shows a little bit more growth in than the prior 2 years. And I was wondering what kind of assumptions are underlying that, both on the government side, with whether you're anticipating a full year CR or any impact from sequestration, and then sort of what your global perspective is for global GDP?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think partially, we're a little more bullish than previously for a good reason. And that's because our portfolio is different as we go from year-to-year. We have a much better-balanced mix of businesses as I indicated before and -- kind of better balanced both in terms of technology as well as end customers. So it's unlikely that all of our customers, internationally, domestically and government, all of them would go down all at the same time. So having said that, we are not bullish about the U.S. government revenues going forward. We have been posturing our company with the last 6 years for just such eventuality that we're facing today. Our government sales have gone down significantly. They're just north of 30%. I expect -- to answer your question directly, I expect them to go down again next year. We -- about 10 years ago, we had 16% of our business was in electronic manufacturing. Next year, I expect after the consolidation, that will drop down to about 5%. So the government businesses are going to be under pressure, especially the defense businesses. Now I don't know what sequestration would do if it were to happen. It'll affect us somewhat, but remember, we only get about 22% of our profit from U.S. government businesses, and some of those are, of course, NASA businesses. In terms of International businesses, we expect to see some growth there, maybe 1% or 2% above where we are, which is 40% now, and U.S. commercial businesses, probably low-single digits. I don't know whether that helps you, Jeremy.
Jeremy W. Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: It definitely does, Robert. Last question before I hop back in queue. Looking across the portfolio, there's been a lot of movement in the back half of last year. And I was wondering, on the M&A front in terms of the portfolio, where are you looking to grow the portfolio? Where are you seeing the most opportunity or the most risk within the portfolio? And lastly, how are you thinking about pricing?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start at the very end, which is the risk in the portfolio. The risk in the portfolio, as I indicated and as you, more than anybody else, is cognizant of, is in the government, especially in defense, government defense businesses, and we're taking care of that by just consolidating facilities both in Los Angeles and in Northern California. We've already consolidated one facility, and we're in the process of doing 2 more. Going to the acquisition front, we're going to be consistent on that. Our investments are going to be in instruments. In the instruments domain, obviously, where we are very excited about is our Marine businesses, Underwater Imaging businesses and now of course, our test and measurement platform around LeCroy. In the Digital Imaging businesses, we intend to expand that business with opportunistic acquisitions. We have probably collectively spent somewhere around $600 million to $650 million in that domain, and we'll make more investments there. In terms of multiples, our average multiple that we paid for businesses heretofore has been 8.7x EBITDA. Sometimes we've gone up, sometimes below, but generally, that's where we are. We're fortunate that after 2 or 3 years, when those businesses are on your portfolio, what we've end up looking at what we paid for it's closer than 6 to 7 rather than 8.7. And that's how we prove our margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Jordan with Noble Financial.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: A question in your guidance for 2013. You said it was exclusive of any specific tax benefits, but with the passage of recent tax laws, you will be able to recapture investment tax credits for 2012. Could you say what difference that should have in terms of the expected tax rate form in the first quarter from your statutory 31% that you're expecting?
Robert Mehrabian: It could be, Mark, it could be as much as $0.05, maybe $0.05, $0.06 in earnings, but maybe $1.5 million -- but that's less than $0.05, $1.6 million. That's offset, of course, Mark, with our relocation and consolidation. We still have severance costs that we have to address as well as relocation cost of a major facility.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Relative to that relocation, I have seen that -- articles in Lewisburg that they're expecting a significant increase in employment there. Is that all business that is transferred or is there any sort of new business that's been awarded to the company that's causing that usage of square footage and headcount to go up in Lewisburg?
Robert Mehrabian: I think most of it is transferred. We expect some uptick also in terms of new business as we consolidate those facilities. But most of it is transferring work from California to Lewisburg.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Okay. It was noted that you made an $83 million pension contribution. That's up -- 2 years ago it was $44 million, last year it was $60.3 million. Is that $83 million reflective of what the outflow on the fund was that year? Or is the declining discount rate that you're assuming also increasing your contributions?
Robert Mehrabian: That's a good question, Mark. We have a policy in the company replenishing the pension with equal to the outflow in terms of payments made to retirees. Last year -- and that is about $41 million to $42 million a year. What we did last year in the $62 million plus is $42 million of that was going to replenish what we paid out. The rest of it, the $20 million, we made an offer to people who are vested in our pension but have left the company but are not yet retired. So they're not receiving pension. We made an offer to them, if they wanted to, we would use government rate calculations as appropriate and pay them their pension in one lump sum. And a number of people selected to do that. That, of course, decreases our long-term liability when we can do that. So that was about $20 million, $22 million. This year's $83 million, Mark, really is based on the following: we're replenishing the 41542 that we will be paying out this year, but we also put the money forward for next year, 2014, which is the same amount. Partially, we did that because with the decline in the discount rate and the liability going up, we wanted to get our pension funding up in the 90-plus percentile to ensure that we didn't have too much of a headwind from pension in our earnings per share. As it is, we have about $0.15 of earnings per share headwind.
Mark C. Jordan - Noble Financial Group, Inc., Research Division: Last question. You have a very impressive improvement in the op margin in the instrumentation group sequentially from 15.4% to 20.1%. Could you talk a little bit about why you -- what caused that very strong improvement sequentially? And secondly, what is a more normalized margin for the Instrumentation group that we should assume or look for in 2013?
Robert Mehrabian: I think 2 things. First, because we had such a strong growth in our marine instrumentation for oil and gas especially, we had going forward from -- where in Q3 our margins there -- in Q3 our bookings there were 1.3 to a little more. So we had a great quarter because we have really good bookings in quarter 3. In quarter 4, our bookings have gone down to more of a historical normal, which is about 1, maybe a little bit below 1 right now as we're looking at it. So what I expect would happen next year, if you look at the whole year in the margins for the instrumentation segment, it's about 18%. We expect that to go down a little bit in the first quarter because LeCroy, as you know, as an acquisition, we have a lot of intangible amortization there. And so our margins will go down the first quarter, closer to 15%, 16%, but then it will pick up the rest of the year and probably end up the year around 17.5-or-so percent.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli with KeyBanc Capital.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Robert, just to stay on that, I want to make sure I heard that correctly. Instrumentation margins end the year, was that full year 17.5%, which would imply, I guess, some contraction on a year-over-year basis?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, this year, we ended up full year at about 18%, 18.2%. We expect that next year, we'll end up -- to say what the margins are a year in advance, I'm kind of have a lot of assumptions in there. But right now, we're looking at 17.5% for the full year, but increasing sequentially every quarter. The problem there, as I indicated, is it reflects full year of LeCroy in our instrumentation portfolio. While LeCroy's EBITDA is pretty good and is kind of consistent with the rest of our instrumentation businesses, we do have a significant amount of amortization and also depreciation there. So that we will be experiencing full year of LeCroy, whereas this year we only had 5 months of LeCroy. So actually, if you look at our amortization across all of our businesses, we don't do adjusted earnings, but if we were to do adjusted earnings, we'd have another $0.53, $0.52 of earnings from just amortization. So I think that's what you're seeing.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes, and you kind of jumped to my next question. So if I were going to try and get some adjustments to earnings, $0.52 in amortization, you've got roughly $0.07 or so in the severance, and you've got $0.15 of headwind in pension. So kind of the reported GAAP clearly a bit depressed from those adjusted cash earnings, I guess.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, you're correct. Our -- if you looked at our 2012 EBITDA, it's about $320 million. So -- and about 15.2%. So that's another way of looking at it. But we don't, as I said, we don't do adjusted earnings at Teledyne.
Michael F. Ciarmoli - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got you. Okay. And then can you maybe give us an update? It seems like there've been some decent wins in some of those Engineered Systems businesses, certainly over the last year. I mean, are there any other programs that are out there that you see on the horizon? Obviously, the defense markets are challenged, but are there any opportunities that you guys are tracking right now?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In the Engineered business -- Systems business, there are 2 or 3 big programs. The first one is the one that we're not really recognizing revenue or profit from, and that is the high-resolution Earth imaging system that we have an agreement with NASA to put on the International Space Station. That's a multiuser system for looking at the Earth, and we -- that will come to fruition probably 1.5 years out, and we're building the instruments for that. We're building both from using our own stuff here at Scientific & Imaging but also other people's instruments. And we are -- so that's one. The other one is, of course, the shallow water vehicle which we're in development program now, and the engineering development will last until the middle of 2014. And that's about $42 million, but after that, we'll go into production on that system, and that's going well. The last one is we are the prime on Objective Simulation program for missile defense that essentially permits us to develop for the government missile scenarios and be able to do modeling of all aspects of missile defense. And that program is an over-$500-million program. It's a multiyear program. And our expectations are that, that will keep us stable. The only thing that we are obviously cognizant of is any effect of sequestration on our business. And a part of the 4.3% that I mentioned in reduction in our workforce is actually in our Systems Engineering business. We've had to take some serious cuts there in order to lower our rates to remain competitive.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go to the line of Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Robert, a follow-up on the missile defense. I think they're testing the ground-based missile defense system, first time in a couple of years, if I remember correctly. You often picked up some favorable award fees if -- on successes. Is there a possibility of that this year?
Robert Mehrabian: Marginally, very little. What's happened to us -- we're talking about $500,000 which doesn't move our needle much. But I'll take all I can get there, because that's been a tough road for us. And if that goes the way we think it might, our only hope is to just kind of keep on with the Objective Simulation Framework because a lot of our Systems Engineering, their technical assistance programs have essentially disappeared. We used to get tens of millions of dollars in that, but I think going forward, we'll be estimating $6 million to $7 million a year. So I'm not very gung ho on missile defense, especially when you heard the discussion with Vladimir about our accommodations.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: How about the East Coast battery, would that represent some upside to the business?
Robert Mehrabian: No. I think that's fairly -- hopefully that will remain stable I guess.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just a clarification, the $0.07 of severance cost, was for first quarter or for full year?
Robert Mehrabian: That would be the first half of the year, Chris.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And can you remind us what the total severance cost, consolidation costs were for 2012?
Robert Mehrabian: I have the fourth quarter numbers in front of me. It's about $1.8 million. The first-- I don't know how much we had in the beginning of the year, but I do know in the next 2 quarters, we'll have -- each quarter, we'll have an equivalent amount, maybe a little more.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And back to the segments. I know you gave sort of guidance of where you think your business will go by government, International and U.S. commercial. But can you give us a sense of where you think the 3 -- or, sorry, the 4 operating segments will fall out in terms of growth rates for the full year?
Robert Mehrabian: All right. The Instrumentation businesses should go up a reasonable amount, partially because LeCroy acquisition would be annualized. So I would say year-over-year, they'll be probably up about 15%. Now, in terms of organic, my guess is probably in the lower-single digits. In the Imaging businesses, I'm going to say we expect about 5% growth at this time. And in the Aerospace and Defense businesses, probably expect 5% to 6%. And in the Engineered System businesses, we expect some decline.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So the Aerospace Defense is 5% to 6% growth?
Robert Mehrabian: Growth. It's partly because if we can get this consolidation behind us, it's the second half of the year. The first half, we're going to have some decline, because I think there's going easier comps, too, going forward.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I know at Teledyne the margins only get better as you go forward has been the trend. But as you look across the 4 segments, is there a particular area where you think there's the most upside in terms of margin improvement?
Robert Mehrabian: Initially, our margins are going to go down to -- in the first quarter because of -- we allocate both pension to the segments and also because of the restructuring that we're doing. But throughout the year, I expect that our margins will increase. I'm hopeful that we'll end the year with maybe a little better margins than we had this year. We're going to work very hard to do that, of course. And that's how we kind of keep that momentum in our earnings. If we hit the $4.42 to $4.46 that we're guiding, that will be our 12th consecutive year of earnings growth. So that would be really good if we can do that.
Operator: Gentlemen, there are no more further questions at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Tom. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. And if you have any follow-up questions, please call me at the number listed on the earnings release. And again all the news releases are on our website, teledyne.com. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation in using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Teledyne Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead. 
Jason VanWees: Thank you, Tom. Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice President, Strategy and M&A at Teledyne Technologies. I would like to welcome everyone to Teledynes third quarter 2012 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining us this morning are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Dale Schnittjer; and Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Melanie Cibik. After remarks by Robert and Dale, we will answer your questions. 
 Again, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings. And of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in, will be available for approximately 1 month.
 Here is Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Third quarter sales are $547.4 million, increased 10.3% compared to last year and was an all-time record for Teledyne. Earnings per share of $1.14 increased 25.2% and was also an all-time record despite $3.8 million of non-recurring acquisition related charges in the quarter. Our performance in the current economic environment reflects, first, our successful strategy; second, the balance of our business portfolio both end market and by geography; and third, our consistent operating discipline. 
 With regards to strategy, we continue to shift our company to our conditions and internal investments toward fire technology and higher margin industrial markets such as offshore energy, high-end digital imaging and analytical and electronic test and measurement instrumentation. As an example, gross margin increased approximately 300 basis points compared to last year and was also a record for Teledyne. 
 The shift in our portfolio was accelerated by 4 strategic acquisitions so far this year as well as a majority control investment in Optech, a leading 3D laser imaging company. As we seek to drive growth for new proprietary products and gain market share, R&D expense increased 175 basis points. Finally, our latest acquisition, Teledyne LeCroy, first, makes the Teledyne, truly premium products in its market; second, it extends our portfolio of analytical and chemical test instruments into electronic test and measurement; and third provides an ideal outlet for our unique technology in Indium Phosphide and high frequency analog and mixed signal design devices developed at Teledyne Scientific or R&D Laboratories. 
 Turning to our business portfolio, we are not immune to worldwide economic conditions and did indeed experience weaknesses in certain markets and geographies. However, the overall balanced mix of our businesses and growth in those end markets in which we have made significant investment, helped us overcome many of these challenges. For example, even excluding the contribution from acquisitions, overall sales to Europe only modestly contracted given the strong sales growth of marine instrumentation in the region. We also continue to experience growth in Asia, largely driven by increased sales of marine instrumentation and avionic system. Within our digital imaging sales at Teledyne Delta increased year-over-year, including in Asia as growth in specialty x-ray sensors, micro electro mechanical systems or MEMS, production more than offset weakness in machine vision especially in the semiconductor domain. 
 Finally, I would like to discuss our operating discipline. In areas where we experienced some economic challenges, we needed to size our businesses appropriately as those markets weakened. For example, low margin contract manufacturing for defense applications and gas sensor systems used in domestic power generation is declined considerably compared to last year. In response to contractions in this business and others, Teledyne embarked on a facility consolidation and variety of lien initiatives that account for a total work force reduction year to date of over 300 or approximately 2.5%. I will now comment on our business segment after which Dale Schnittjer will review some of the financial in more detail and provide earning outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2012. 
 Turning to our instrumentation segment, this segment comprises our highest margin group of businesses and serves the offshore energy including deep water exploration and production and global infrastructure market. And we now also serve the global electronic industry via Teledyne LeCroy. International sales are presented about 50% of the segment sales in the third quarter. Third quarter sales into instrumentation segment increased 23.4% to $193.8 million. Teledyne LeCroy, a leading manufacturer of high-end oscilloscopes and electronic protocol solutions, performed well in the quarter, contributed $34.2 million of sales in just 2 months. Sales of marine instrumentation increased 7.2% driven by organic sales growth of interconnects for sub sea oil production and hydrographic ray systems as well as 2 small bolt-on acquisitions. Marine instrumentation continues to be a key strategic market for Teledyne. 
 In addition to sub -- to the sub-sea oil and production market Teledyne continues to grow in the hydrographic survey domain. We recently launched new products for ocean floor mapping and now possess imaging and 3D scanning sonar systems from the acquisition of BlueView as we continue to be a leader in our autonomous underwater vehicles for survey applications. In addition to sales growth, orders were robust in each of our major marine end markets with total marine instrumentation orders at 1.4x sales in the third quarter. Despite global economic uncertainty, international sales of environmental instruments were stable. However, domestic sales in environmental instruments declined due to reduced capital expenditures from the U.S. power producer, weaker municipal spending and consolidation and cost-cutting from pharmaceutical companies. However, we did see some recovery in orders with the book-to-bill ratio of 1.08 for environmental instrumentation as a whole. The decrease in segment operating profit and largely -- and margin largely reflected the $3.8 million of acquisition-related costs in the quarter and additional depreciation and intangible asset amortization as a result of purchase accounting for the 3 acquisitions in this segment. 
 Turning to the Digital Imaging segment, this segment provides a broad portfolio of visible including LIDAR, infrared, x-ray and ultraviolet sensors, cameras and software. Third quarter sales in Digital Imaging increased 13.8% compared to last year with the revenue growth primarily due to consolidated results of Optech. As I mentioned earlier, sales of x-ray sensors and MEMs production more than offset weakness in our machine vision system which are leveraged to global capital expenditures. Sales of infrared sensors, cameras and optics also increased collectively, but were offset by reduced sales from low margin government-funded research program. Segment operating profit and margin improved, but continued to reflect over 300 basis points of intangible asset amortization, investment of all of our profits from Teledyne Scientific R&D centers and the reclassification of Canadian R&D tax credits from above the line segment income to below the line provision for taxes. 
 Turning to Aerospace and Defense Electronic segments, third quarter sales decreased 4.1% compared to third quarter of 2011. Sales of higher margin, commercial avionics, aircraft batteries and electronic relays increased 4.7%, while sales of microwave devices and interconnects increased 4.8% due to acquisition of VariSystems. The overall decline in total segment sales primarily resulted from significantly decreased revenue from low margin government electronic manufacturing services. Segment operating margin improved to a record level of 14.7% given the continued shift -- mixed shift of proprietary commercial products as well as strong execution in our microwave businesses. Turning to our Engineered Systems segment, third quarter revenue increased 11.2% and operating margins improved 145 basis points. We were pleased to achieve enough revenue from increased manufacturing program a new missile defense contract to more than offset the anticipated reductions in services for Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance or SETA program as well as declines in nuclear programs. While we see some sequential weakness in this segment in the fourth quarter of 2012, we expect that full year sales will be roughly flat with 2011. 
 In conclusion, I am very encouraged with our balanced business mix. Our evolving portfolio of high technology industrial businesses, the greater focus on instrumentation and imaging, a decreased dependence on government programs and our increased global presence. I am also pleased with our execution, both investments in growth, but also necessary cost reductions. As a result, we expect 2012 to be our 11th consecutive year of GAAP, and I emphasize GAAP earnings growth. We also continue to seek acquisitions and earlier this week increased our financial flexibility beyond new term loans which opened an additional $200 million of availability on our credit facility. Finally, while the next several months and the following year are fraught with uncertainties, political, economic and budgetary, we will continue our successful strategy and further emphasize our operating discipline. 
 I will now turn the call over to Dale Schnittjer. 
Dale Schnittjer: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, and then I will discuss our fourth quarter and full year outlook. First, regarding earnings per share, while the third quarter of 2012 included $3.1 million of net tax credits, it should be noted that the comparable period in 2011 also included net tax credits of $2.4 million. 
 Turning to cash flow, in the third quarter cash provided from operating activities from continuing operations was $18.3 million compared with $52.9 million for the same period of 2011. The lower cash from operating activities primarily reflected a voluntary $42.8 million pretax cash contribution to our pension plan. Adjusted free cash flow, that is cash from operating activities, less capital expenditures plus the after tax value of the pension contribution was $30.8 million in the third quarter of 2012 compared to $43.2 million last year. 
 Capital expenditures were $15.3 million in the third quarter compared to $9.7 million for the same period of 2011. Depreciation and amortization expense was $21.5 million in the quarter compared with $16.7 million last year. We expect to invest approximately $76 million in capital expenditures in 2012. Also for the full year 2012, we expect depreciation and amortization expense to be approximately $80 million with the amortization expense portion at approximately $30 million or about $0.55 per share. We ended the quarter with $623.5 million of net debt. That is $647.7 million of debt and capital leases, less cash of $24.2 million or a net debt to capital ratio of 34.2%. 
 Next on pension. Net pension income after recovery of allowable costs pursuant to government cost accounting standards was $1.4 million in the third quarters of 2011 and 2012. On a full year basis, the pension impact for 2012 is expected to be flat compared to 2011, primarily due to planned amendments approved in late 2011 and the impact of voluntary cash contributions offset by a reduction in a discount rate for 2012 to 5.5% versus 6.15% for the majority of 2011. 
 Moving to the outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the fourth quarter of 2012 will be in the range of $1.06 to $1.10. We expect full year earnings per share from continuing operations of approximately $4.22 to $4.26. For reference, our GAAP earnings outlook includes $7.1 million or roughly $0.13 per share of non-recurring charges related to acquisitions. These charges include inventory step-ups and legal and advisory expenses, but exclude ongoing amortization associated with these transactions. 
 Stock option expense is expected to be $8.7 million in 2012 compared to $5.8 million in 2011. This is because no employee stock options were granted in 2009 which caused expenses to be relatively low during the 2009 through 2011 period. Additionally, stock option expense will likely be higher due to an expected increase in the fair value per share of stock options. Finally, the 2012 full year affected tax rate is expected it to be 29.5% compared to 32.9% for 2011, primarily due to greater tax credits and a larger foreign tax rate benefit in 2012. 
 I will now pass the call back to Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Dale. I would like now to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with questions and answers, please go ahead. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Jeremy Devaney with BB&T. 
Jeremy Devaney: I wanted to start out with what you are seeing on the M&A front. You recently did the term loan restructuring and opened up an additional $200 million. It gives you $400 million in total capacity for acquisitions or other capital investments. What are you seeing in terms of pricing? Where are you willing to take net debt to capital? Just some more color there? 
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, thanks, Jeremy. First, we -- at any one time we have a large number of acquisitions that we are looking at in our pipeline. Probably, today I would say were looking at maybe over 50 potential acquisitions which would be approximately over $5 billion altogether. Obviously, the tunnel narrows as you come down. So at the present time, we might be actively looking at 3 or 4. In terms of the debt-to-cap, our cash flow for the year is going to be very healthy. Its going to be over $150 million. Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio -- EBITDA-to-debt ratio is about -- debt-to-EBITDA is about 2.2 right now. That will go down as we generate more cash. We could probably go above that. Were at 34% debt-to-cap right now. That again will go down as we generate more cash, but 34, 40 is reasonable for a company of our size. 
Jeremy Devaney: In terms of pricing, what are you seeing on those transactions? You usually give some pretty good color on pricing, but also if you could just give a little follow-up commentary. You said cash flow for the year will be over $150 million. Does that -- including the pension contributions that you [indiscernible] thus far this year? 
Robert Mehrabian: No, that would be excluding pension. By the way, Jeremy, as you know, our pension contributions are voluntary. We dont have to do that. In terms of pricing, on the average depending on whether its in Instrumentation, Digital Imaging and now Test and Measurement, we paid somewhere between 6.5 to 8.5, 9 EBITDA multiple to enterprise value. We probably would like to stay below 9 if we can. Average -- our average is about 8.5. So that would be the range we would like to stay. Except it is a really strategic acquisition, especially in our Instrumentation and our Digital Imaging, we might go higher than that. 
Jeremy Devaney: Lastly, and then I will get out of the way here. Within Instrumentation, you've a lot of exposure to the oil and gas end market. Baker Hughes rig counts have really kind of being rolling over this year, and we've heard some new entrants stepped into the market on hydrographic undersea space. What are you seeing in terms of demand and pricing, competition? A little bit more color in that end market would really be appreciated. 
Robert Mehrabian: Sure Jeremy. On the onshore, it's a little soft. On the marine side, its exceptionally good. In the next 5 years its estimated that capital equipment investments in the offshore would be about $135 billion; 57% of that, about $77 billion are going to be in deep sea which would be 4,000, 5,000 feet and deeper. And thats where we are really -- were really focused on. So we anticipate that we will do well in that domain. Were also developing new products, high powered connectors based on some of the technology thats coming out of our R&D centers. High pressured, high temperature probes, for high pressure probes, for temperature and pressure measurements, ultrasonic flow preventer, RAM position sensors and a whole range of other things. So I think overall we are going to do fine. We also, as you mentioned, while people are entering the survey market, but some other companies are exiting the survey market. There was a company announcement yesterday that they gave up on their glider programs that we were competing with because we won all of the programs. So overall, we feel good about that domain. 
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Mark Jordan representing Noble Financial. 
Mark Jordan: Question relative to the governmental contract manufacturing operations that I guess is in Kentucky, thats been kind of a troubled area for you. It is very weak this quarter. Could you size that operation, and is that one of the areas where youve been doing the contraction and what's your longer term strategy for that asset? 
Robert Mehrabian: We have 3 electronic contact manufacturing facilities. We have a small one in New Hampshire. We have a large one in Lewisburg, Tennessee. That's close to Kentucky, but it is Lewisburg. The third one was -- is in Los Angeles area. We have announced that we are going to shut down our Los Angeles operations and thats been where most of -- that's our microelectronic packaging business. It has really 2 major products. One product is solid state relays. We are moving that to our electromechanical relay facility which is about 20 miles away. And that will -- thats a healthy business for us. The packaging business, frankly that whole business has declined about 50% in the last 4 years. We will move the remainder of that and combine it with our Lewisburg operation. So we are going from 3 facilities to 2 facilities and all of our EMS combined between Lewisburg and the small facility that we have in New Hampshire, will then contribute about $100 million to our top-line. We are obviously are not happy with the contraction we are seeing. But it is what it is and weve taken the necessary steps. 
Mark Jordan: Relative to the instrumentation segment, with the acquisitions that you have made there and quite of been sizable. What is a -- would be a normal targeted operating margin for that business after the acquisition-related expenses drop off? 
Robert Mehrabian: Mark, I think because of some of the intangible amortization that will continue, our margins may come down a little bit. But I think somewhere between 18% to 20% is a good range for us in that business, thats GAAP. But thats a long-term aim for us. This quarter, if you take the $3.8 million that we spent on acquisition costs -- one-time acquisition costs, were probably are going to be closer to 18%. 
Mark Jordan: Final question relative to the engineering systems, your guidance of basically flat for the full year would imply kind of a low $70 million number which is a real drop off from the Q3 performance. Could you talk about what -- what inflated the third quarter and whats happening to draw the fourth quarter down to the low $70 million range? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. In the third quarter we had strong sales in some of our historical NASA programs. We also had some really good contract manufacturing in delivering gun mounts to littoral combat ships. Those kind of boosted the quarter for us. I think it is becoming more normalized, we would be lower in manufacturing in Q4; 70, 72, you're right on there. For the year, we should be flat year-over-year. Frankly, we also had some upside in our objective simulation -- the modeling and simulation business. The upside we're about $20 million. The downside in the quarter really was from our SETA programs which are -- which used to be sizable, but continuing into next year we expect those to be around $7 million or so. So the contractions are coming from the SETA programs. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Hojo with Sidoti & Company. 
Tyler Hojo: Just going back to Jeremys line of questioning on R&D. Last quarter, I think you called out an incremental expense within the instrumentation segment for reservoir monitoring. I'm just wondering if there was any continuation of that in this quarter? 
Robert Mehrabian: No, Tyler. What -- the reservoir monitoring system that we developed is now being installed in Brazil as a test bed, and we are anxious to find out how well it works because if that system works, thats going to be a very important contributor to our oil exploration and production business. So most of the increase in our R&D in the quarter has been in really 2 areas -- 3 areas. One, our X-Ray imaging because we are developing very sensitive imaging systems for major customers, medical supply customers. Second, as you know we have a -- an [indiscernible] infrared sensor program in our Canadian DALSA operations in Vermont. That's absorbing more R&D. And then lastly, because of the LeCroy acquisitions we are developing our Indium phosphide semiconductor processes to be able to displace the Silicon germanium at the very high end, high bandwidth domain for those products. So most of our increases are targeted in those areas. 
Tyler Hojo: Okay, also, just going back to reservoir monitoring and you mentioned what you developed is with the customer. Any idea on timing or potential kind of revenues that could come from that product? 
Robert Mehrabian: In the short-term really we have to succeed. The system has to succeed. Wed probably find out whether this test is successful over the next few months. I dont know what the revenue stream from that would be. But over the long-term, it could be as significant as our streamer cable business that has really been very healthy for us. It could be as high as $50 million, $60 million and grow. Because reservoir monitoring is becoming very important as people try to get -- be more successful in getting oil out from the sea floor and find that -- kind of determine which pockets are declining and which pockets they can pressurize and get more out of. 
Tyler Hojo: And just lastly from me, I was just wondering if you could maybe comment, Robert, on the LeCroy acquisition. How is that tracking and obviously youre going to get another month in there for Q4. But is it tracking kind of according to internal plan? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Were very excited about that. They are kind of -- probably going to be slightly below their revenues for last year because the whole oscilloscope market across the board is done, but they are gaining share because they do have the very high end -- high bandwidth oscilloscope that goes to about 65 gigahertz. And then they also just introduced a very exciting new product which is a 12 bit oscilloscope in the mid range, which got 16 times the resolution of the competitive products. Now of course, in the long-term, Tyler, as we discussed, our Indium phosphide technology would enhance the high bandwidth significantly. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel. 
Stephen Levenson: Just a question about voluntary contributions. Ive heard this on a few other calls this quarter. And I guess the question is whats the pension -- the funded level of the pension plan and is this being done to reduce the potential pension expense in the future, or is there some other advantage to Teledyne to do it this way? 
Robert Mehrabian: There is really, Steve, 3 reasons. First, as we looked at our long-term pension obligation, we decided to take a number of steps to reduce that. First, we modified the way long pension is calculated from an average of 5 years -- average of higher 5 years to each year and that has reduced our pension exposure over the long-term about, Id say, 8%. We also have people in our pension -- by the way, Steve, as you recall, we stopped putting new employees into our pension plan in 2004. 
Stephen Levenson: So this is all the long tail stuff? 
Robert Mehrabian: Thats it, exactly. But when you look at the long tail, we have 3 types of people in our pension program. First, those who are actively working today. Those that left the pension for -- but are vested and those that are receiving pension so the vested ones are not receiving pension, but they can receive pension in the future. What we have done is we put out a program to offer them payment based on calculations -- [indiscernible] calculations of if wanted to take a lump sum at the present time and thats helpful. And lastly, the problem that we have is that right now at 5.5% discount rate, which is what we used for 2012, our pension right now is funded over 100%, so 101%, 102% presently. But the discount rate is going to go down. There is no question about that, the issue is how far down? And as the discount rate goes down, today it might be 4.6%, 4.65% it will drop our funded ratio by almost 10%. So part of the contribution is to take some of that headwind away because our present calculations show that next year versus this year we are going to have a headwind of almost $0.15 a share. So everybody that you're hearing from are doing some of these same things we are. Take the long-term down -- long-term obligations down if you can and make sure that you kind of counteract some of the headwind because of the decrease in the discount rate that is coming. 
Stephen Levenson: On the imaging side, there obviously have been a lot of new products introduced. Can you tell us if those are intended to go after competitors where you had a hole in the line, or if these are new proprietary products or if they are upgrades? 
Robert Mehrabian: By and large they are new proprietary products and upgrades. In the x-ray domain, this is also a very successful x-ray product line, with large panel CMOS x-rays. They have very high resolution. And when you have very high resolution in x-rays, as you well know, you can lower the dosage and the amount of dosage that you apply. And actually they have products that are so sensitive that you can use them dynamically during the operation. Thats during an operation you can actually watch to see where the instruments -- the physicians instruments are. So thats a new product. And thats been a really good increase year-over-year for us. The second area is Optech which is our LIDAR imaging system, 3-dimensional laser imaging system. And that has been in the market for a while, but they are also developing new products coupled to some of our underwater products because they cant do -- from aerially they can do 3-dimensional pictures of the shoreline as well as some underwater, then we have BlueView that can complete deeper water. And finally the big new product for us is going to be our uncooled infrared which we are developing. I guess that one you say is going -- is for competition in the future, and thats really going to be competitive to foreign foundries that are dominant. 
Stephen Levenson: For example [indiscernible] or... 
Robert Mehrabian: It would be [indiscernible] most probably. Because some of our on-shore foundries in the U.S., they do have some [indiscernible] restrictions. And then I have to mention one thing and that is in our fundamental work that were doing here in our imaging businesses is in California, we had a whole set of programs in 2 college [indiscernible] and we just introduced a strained superlattice camera into the market, which is.. 
Stephen Levenson: That was just the other day, right? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, we think thats the first of its kind. And its a totally new technology and should perform at -- up to 130 degrees Fahrenheit. So you dont have to cool it too far down. And it should be lighter and less expensive. 
Operator: And next, well go to the line of Kevin Ciabattoni with... 
Kevin Ciabattoni: I just want to look first at the Environmental Instrumentation business, I think you pointed out that it was pretty steady internationally and down domestically. And you pointed to a couple reasons. Is that something we can expect as a longer term trend where there are some one-time factors there? Just kind of directionally where do you see that business going? 
Robert Mehrabian: On the domestic -- let me start with the domestic front first. Municipalities are having a difficult time in meeting their budget and their pensions. And the other thing is the kind of hostility towards coal production that you have see -- you have seen over the last 3 years has kind of dampened capital expenditures in that domain. And we have a lot of instruments that go into measuring particulates, measuring air quality socks, et cetera. So that has been unfortunate, depends on what happens after the election, that will either pick up or it wont. But on the other hand we do have roadside monitoring programs -- materials that are doing well. When you go to the foreign area, our sales to China are relatively healthy. We introduced new water monitoring products that are used for measuring flows in rivers, water quality and air quality products. So youre right, the foreign is stable, domestic is slow, and we think that over the long-term it all depends on the emphasis on taking out a lot of coal production and other utilities production down. That might affect us negatively if that remains the way it is. 
Kevin Ciabattoni: And then looking at the defense end market as well as NASA, what kind of scenarios are you looking at occurring from kind of the fiscal cliff Sequestration issues? 
Robert Mehrabian: Im going to take the guys word from last week. Sequestration is not going happen, right? Even though these guys backed off afterwards, but I dont think -- I think were taking into account that our Defense businesses are going to contract. Defense right now contributes about 31% of our revenues, but less than 25% of our profit. So -- and you heard me talk about closure of one of our electronic manufacturing services which is all defense frankly. So we are not hopeful about Defense. On the national side, this administration has dismantled the NASA man space program, period. So we see shrinkage there. On the positive side in that domain we do have a new program which is -- we put announcements on which is -- it's an earth imaging system that would be located on the International Space Station. We are now working with partners to develop a strategy. We have about $18 million from NASA on that. If we can get that imaging system up with some partners, and we begin to enjoy some of the fruits of that, I think that would be healthy for us. But by and large other NASA programs, we are not very helpful. Well, on the other side we do have -- in our imaging group, we have some strong programs both in Europe as well as James Webb Telescope. So there kind of -- its like everything else in our businesses, mix of business is helping us where things are going down, other things are going up. So we have a -- thats always helpful to us. 
Kevin Ciabattoni: Great and then just a last one, any update on the SAP implementation? The ERP -- yes... 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Its going well. We are doing it in a very measured way. We are only doing it in part of our businesses. Its not SAP. It's a Microsoft Business -- its a Microsoft Exchange product. I hate to do advertisements for anybody else. But having said that, weve put a pilot system in and we will put it in our instrumentation businesses and if that works in our A&D. Our LeCroy, DALSA, Engineered Systems and Scientific -- and Imaging, those already have their system. So this is not going to be across all of Teledyne. 
Operator: And we will go to the line of Jeremy Devaney with BB&T. 
Jeremy Devaney: First I wanted to -- earlier, Robert, you mentioned onshore versus offshore that you have a higher concentration in the offshore. I was wondering if you could break that out for us. What percentage of the oil and gas business is certainly offshore versus onshore? 
Robert Mehrabian: I am trying to get a number out of my guys, but I would say our offshore is probably about 80% to 90% of the total, closer to 90%, less onshore. Onshore, we do have some products -- connected products that came, Jeremy, with VariSystem. That is in the tracking domain. And they are doing okay, but most of our work is offshore. 
Jeremy Devaney: All right. And that kind of brings us to an interesting question. I wanted to turn a little to organic growth and VariSystems is an interesting place to start. Sequentially, VariSystems looks like it was off pretty heavily, $9.3 million last quarter versus $5.8 this quarter. Could you help walk us through the organic growth rates on your business across the 4 segments, Engineered Systems who is the only one that grew organically? I'm having a little trouble reconciling M&A strategy going forward and risks of that versus the organic growth of the business. 
Robert Mehrabian: Oil and gas is up about 10%, so it offsets more than offsets VariSystems which is the onshore. In general, I will give you a big picture. We are probably down about a percent, organically 1%, but a lot of that, we took hits in our EMS business as I discussed before. Our imaging businesses are modestly up. Our instrumentation businesses are modestly up. We think that -- I don't -- we made 42 acquisitions and frankly since we havent had many failures I dont think there is a lot of risk there. We are pretty good at that. So you got to do what you got to do. If you look at all the earnings that are coming out of different companies today, people are contracting. Those that can will do acquisitions in key areas, strategic areas and growth. Those that cant, wont and will suffer the consequences. 
Jeremy Devaney: I totally hear you on your M&A history. And you certainly have the track record. You guys have done an exceptional job. But even when we look at the DALSA acquisition, you mentioned it's going to be down slightly year-over-year, the growth rates came in at about 4.7% year-over-year on the quarter. Are you seeing any challenges with forecasting some of these acquisition targets given the current environment? 
Robert Mehrabian: Actually DALSA generally was up a little bit -- maybe a little over a percent year-over-year. Total year they are up. Next year, they are going to be up. They have exceptionally good products. The X-Ray imaging business was up over 20% quarter-over-quarter. So I dont see it. Yes, they -- we are probably going to have some as -- if manufacturing doesnt pick up especially in the semi domain, we will probably have some challenges in vision systems for semiconductors or flat panel displays or whatever. On the other hand, we also provide all the systems for handheld devices and inspection of iPads and other things. So I think DALSA is going to do fine. I am not worried about DALSA. My worry is frankly focused on the U.S. economy. 
Jeremy Devaney: You are absolutely right. I misspoke. It was actually LeCroy you said was going to be down for the year and it was up 4.7% for the quarter, I misspoke. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, they had a very good first 2 months. So year-over-year their first 2 months were very good. They were over 20% over last year, but maybe its because they are coming to Teledyne and we are always conservative and cautious. So maybe they are being a little conservative. Right now I think they are going to do fine. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Jordan, Noble Financial. 
Mark Jordan: Just a quick follow-up. Robert, just philosophically, you have been funding all of your acquisitions with bank debt and cash flow generated from operations for a number of years now. Do you see that changing and/or under what situation would you look to the equity markets as to bolster your borrowing in acquisition power? 
Robert Mehrabian: Mark, its easier to fund it with cash as you well know. Acquisitions, maybe their stock are very difficult to make them accretive as you also know. On the other hand, if there was an extraordinary situation where it was a big enough acquisition and it fit where we want to grow, we would do it with shares and shares and cash combination. So I am not going to exclude that. On the other hand, it would have to be a really good acquisition that we can make work, because we dont like to do dilutive acquisitions, havent done it so far. It might be temporarily diluted for a few months or 6 months. But all of our acquisitions so far have been accretive. So thats the best answer I can give you on that. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
Robert Mehrabian: Operator, thank you very much. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call. 
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert, and again, thanks everyone for joining us and certainly if you have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number listed on your earnings release. And again, the releases are available on our website, as is the replay of this call. Operator, if you could conclude the call and give the dial-in information for replay, wed appreciate it. Thank you, again. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. And todays conference is available for replay at 11:25 this morning and running through midnight on November 25. You may access the AT&T Executive play back service at anytime by dialing 1 (800) 475-6701 and entering the access code of 255948. International participants may dial (320) 365-3844, and again please enter the access code of 255948. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Teledyne Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator instructions]
 As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Id now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead. 
Jason VanWees: Thank you, Rachel, and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations at Teledyne. And Id like to welcome everyone to Teledyne Technologies second quarter 2012 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened.
 Joining me this morning are Teledynes Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Dale Schnittjer; and Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, John Kuelbs. After remarks by Robert and Dale, we will ask for your questions.
 However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats, as noted in this earnings release and our periodic SEC filings, and of course, actual results may differ materially.
 In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in, will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Second quarter sales of $518.5 million was an all-time record for Teledyne and GAAP earnings per share of $1.06 was also an all-time record, despite $1.3 million of non-recurring acquisition charges in the quarter.
 In the second quarter, backlog increased $28 million to a record $1.02 billion and overall book-to-bill was $1.05. Through both internal R&D investments, as well as our recently-announced acquisitions, we continue our emphasis on higher margin industrial growth for markets. We also continue to increase our global presence and like always, continue to drive improvements in our operations.
 Our current portfolio of high technology businesses provide proprietary, highly engineered products and serve markets, such as energy exploration and production, global infrastructure, factory automation, transportation and communication. In order to drive growth and gain market share in challenging economic environments, we continue to invest in R&D for new and improved products.
 Our internal R&D expense in the second quarter increased 7%, compared to last year, for approximately $29 million or $116 million annualized. Please also note that we receive an additional $100 million-plus in relevant R&D funding collectively from our government and commercial customers.
 Our commercial businesses performed well in the quarter with organic sales growth of 6.4% in our electronic instrumentation segment, record orders and sales at Teledyne DALSA and 9% organic growth in sales of avionics and other commercial electronics in our aerospace and defense electronics segment.
 Our government -- government businesses declined year-over-year, nonetheless, government sales increased 6.5% compared to the first quarter and we were also awarded several new contracts, including a very significant award by a foreign customer for software-based microwave radio system and an $18.5 million award from NASA to develop a space-based imaging system to be deployed and operated by Teledyne on the International Space Station.
 International sales contributed 38% of total revenue and U.S. government sales accounted for just 31% of sales, down from 36% in 2011 and 47% just a few years ago.
 The profile of our government business also continues to evolve with an increase in proprietary products and prime contracts leveraging our marine instrumentation and Digital Imaging Capability.
 International sales increased from 2011, but declined slightly from the first quarter of 2012. We did witness substantial weakness in Europe for some product lines such as industrial machine vision cameras. However, growth in European sales of other products such as avionics and marine instrumentation, as well as broad-based growth in the Asian markets more than offset this decline.
 I will now comment on our business segments after which Dale Schnittjer will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the third quarter and full year 2012.
 Turning to our Instrumentation segment, this segment comprises our highest margin group of businesses and primarily serves offshore energy, including deepwater exploration and production and global infrastructure markets. International sales represent about 55% of the segment sales in the second quarter.
 Instrumentation segment sales increased 6.4% to $162.4 million, record sales of environmental instruments grew 5.1% year-over-year and sales of marine instrumentation grew 7.3% year-over-year.
 Growth of environmental instruments resulted in part from increased power and petrochemical activity in Asia and Middle East. However, strong growth in these markets was partially offset by weak demand from municipalities in the United States and reduced demand for -- from pharmaceutical companies, which combined with some acquisition costs, affected margins in the quarter.
 Growth in marine instrumentations resulted from very strong sales of acoustic navigation subsystems using tethered remotely-operated vehicles or ROVs and fully autonomous undersea vehicles or AUVs. During the quarter, we also completed delivery of our first custom, permanent deepwater reservoir monitoring system for offshore oil fields.
 While we were pleased with this technical effort and new product milestone we absorbed about $1.4 million of expense related to this project in the quarter. The reservoir monitoring system, if successful, could provide substantial source of new revenue in the future.
 Immediately following the end of the quarter, we completed the acquisition of BlueView Technologies, which provides compact forward-looking underwater imaging sonar, also ocean floor imaging system and 3-dimensional scanning sonar.
 BlueViews advanced sonar systems are currently deployed on ROVs, AUVs, surface vessels and fixed and portable platforms. In addition, BlueViews 3-dimensional scanning sonars provide underwater equivalent to the leading airborne and terrestrial light detection and ranging or LIDAR systems produced by Optech, which became a majority-owned subsidiary at the start of the second quarter.
 Finally, we remain very excited about the pending acquisition -- pending shareholder approval of LeCroy Corporation, whose results will be reported within our instrumentation segment.
 LeCroy will add a leader in electronics tests and measurement solutions to our analytical instrumentation businesses. In addition, LeCroy brings exceptional technical talent, design capabilities and market access to leverage our unique technology in indium phosphide and analog and mixed signal devices developed at Teledyne Scientific, our R&D laboratory.
 With regard to this acquisition as noted earlier, operating profit in the segment was impacted by about $800,000 of acquisition-related legal costs. We currently expect to record additional non-recurring expenses of $5 million in the third quarter and $1.8 million in the fourth quarter within this segment.
 Turning to the Digital Imaging segment, this segment provides a broad portfolio of visible, including LIDAR, infrared, X-ray, ultraviolet sensors, cameras and software. Second quarter sales in Digital Imaging increased 15% compared to last year.
 Most of the revenue growth was due to the consolidated results of Optech. However, revenue growth excluding Optech also increased marginally. Segment operating profit was flat but reporting operating margin reflects: first, 58 basis points of increased R&D spending compared to last year; second, a total of approximately 320 basis points related to intangible asset amortization; and third, the reclassification of Canadian R&D tax credit from above the line segment income to below the line provision for taxes.
 Despite a difficult economic environment, especially in Europe, Teledyne DALSA reported increased orders and sales, which were both at record levels. Year-over-year sales were particularly strong for digital X-ray sensors used in medical and dental applications.
 Orders also exceeded sales in each major product category, reflecting increased demand especially in Asia for machine vision cameras, as well as strong orders for specialty micro electromechanical systems or MEMS production.
 Non-DALSA revenues declined slightly as sales related to classified imaging and space programs were partially offset by reduced government R&D funds.
 Turning to Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, second quarter sales decreased 0.5% compared to the second quarter of 2011. Sales of higher margin commercial avionics, aircraft batteries and electronic relays increased 9%, while sales of microwave devices and interconnect increased 6.8% due to the acquisition of VariSystems.
 The overall decline in total segment sales resulted from significantly-decreased revenue of lower margin government electronic manufacturing services. Within this segment, U.S. government sales were 36% of the total, down from 45% in 2011 and almost 50% in 2009.
 Nonetheless, orders in this segment were very strong with book -- with a book-to-bill ratio of 1.25, driven in part by contract awards in some of our defense businesses, including the significant award of a software-based radio system mentioned earlier.
 Turning to our Engineered Systems segment, second quarter revenue and margins declined, given the anticipated reduction in services for systems engineering and technical assistance or SETA programs, as a result of government budget cuts and a revised organizational conflict of interest policy.
 However, revenue was at the greatest level in the last 4 quarters and was bolstered by approximately $10 million of revenue related to new prime contracts won last year, including the Shallow Water Combat Submersible vehicle for the Navy SEALs and the objective stimulation framework or OSF program for missile defense.
 In conclusion, Im very encouraged with our evolving portfolio of higher technology industrial businesses with greater focus on instrumentation and imaging and our decreased dependence on government program, as well as our increased global presence.
 We also have a proven track record of earnings improvement and we expect 2012 to be our 11th consecutive year of GAAP and I emphasize GAAP earnings growth, despite anticipated non-recurring charges of $8.3 million or $0.15 per share related to acquisitions, primarily the pending acquisition of LeCroy.
 I will now turn the call over to Dale Schnittjer. 
Dale Schnittjer: Thank you, Robert and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our 2012 outlook.
 On cash flow, in the second quarter cash provided from operating activities from continuing operations was $69 million, compared with $80.2 million for the same period of 2011. The lower cash from operating activities reflected the impact of higher income tax payments and the timing of accounts receivable collections.
 Free cash flow was $51.9 million in the second quarter of 2012. Capital expenditures were $17.1 million in the second quarter, compared to $11.4 million for the same period of 2011.
 Depreciation and amortization expense was $18.1 million in the quarter, compared with $16.8 million last year. We expect to invest approximately $70 million in capital expenditures in 2012.
 Also for the full year of 2012, we expect depreciation and amortization expense to be approximately $80 million, with the amortization expense portion at approximately $30 million or $0.55 per share. We ended the quarter with $306.1 million of net debt, that is $332.2 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $26.1 million for a net debt-to-capital ratio of 21.3%.
 Following the closing of LeCroy, which we expect to occur on August 3rd, net debt is estimated to be approximately $625 million at the end of the third quarter.
 Next, on pension, in the second quarter of 2012 gross pension expense was $1.6 million, compared with gross pension expense of $0.9 million in the same period of 2011. The increase in pension expense for the second quarter of 2012, compared with the second quarter of 2011, was primarily due to a change in the discount rate used to measure the benefit obligation.
 Net pension income after recovery of allowable costs pursuant to government cost accounts -- accounting standards was $1.1 million in the second quarter of 2012, compared with $2.1 million of net pension income in the second quarter of 2011.
 On a full year basis, the pension impact for 2012 is expected to be flat compared to 2011, primarily due to planned amendments approved in late 2011 and the impact of voluntary cash contributions offset by a reduction in the discount rate for 2012 to 5.5% versus 6.15% for the majority of 2011.
 Next, on stock options, stock option compensation expense was $2 million in the second quarter of 2012, compared with the $1.4 million in the second quarter of 2011.
 Moving to our outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2012 will be in the range of $0.90 to $0.94. We expect full year 2012 earnings per share from continuing operations of approximately $3.98 to $4.04.
 As Robert mentioned, we are affirming our GAAP earnings outlook despite an $8.3 million or roughly $0.15 per share of non-recurring charges related to acquisitions. These estimated charges, the majority -- the major portion of which will be in the third and fourth quarters, include inventory step ups, legal and advisory expenses that exclude ongoing amortization associated with these transactions.
 Stock option expense is expected to be $8.7 million in 2012, compared to $5.8 million in 2011. This is because no employee stock options were granted in 2009, which caused the expense to be relatively low during 2009 through 2011.
 Additionally, stock option expense will likely be higher due to an expected increase in fair value per share of stock options. Finally, the 2012 full year effective tax rate is expected to be 30.5%, compared to 32.9% for 2011.
 I will now pass the call back to Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Dale. We would now like to take your questions. Rachel, if youre ready to proceed with the questions-and-answers, please go ahead. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Tyler Hojo of Sidoti & Company. 
Tyler Hojo: First question, I was just hoping that you could perhaps update the guidance just by end market, commercial and then government? 
Robert Mehrabian: Generally, I think, our growth is going -- it has been in the Q2, about 7% in the commercial market, a 7% decline in our government businesses for a net plus growth of about 3%. I think going forward, with the acquisition of LeCroy, we expect that the growth in the commercial markets will increase, while the government programs would probably hold where they are. 
Tyler Hojo: Okay. Understood. And I mean, you mentioned LeCroy, Im actually curious, I mean, you gave us some pretty good detail in regards to how the non-recurring expenses are going to flow through the back half of the year. But just wondering, I mean, what kind of accretion are you expecting from LeCroy, Optech and BlueView in this kind of reaffirmed GAAP guidance range? 
Robert Mehrabian: In 2012, I think with the expenses that we detailed in mine, as well as Dales, we expect the acquisitions to be essentially neutral and we are not really guiding for 2013 yet, but obviously, since some of these non-recurring charges will be behind us, there should be accretion from those acquisitions. 
Tyler Hojo: Okay. That sounds good. And just lastly for me, Robert, you mentioned in your prepared remarks the space-based Digital Imaging capability that youre developing for the ISS. I was hoping that maybe you could provide some details in regards to what the potential growth outlook is for that. It seems pretty interesting. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Were very excited about that, Tyler. Its a multi-user system that's designed for Earth Sensing and Earth Imaging. It will have ability to host for -- up to 4 instruments and obviously we would have one, maybe more instruments ourselves. And we would have partners hopefully, other commercial partners to share the rest of the platform with us. The system will not probably be operational until 2.5 years hence. And its very difficult for me to say what the revenue from that system would be at this time. But I can tell you that it uses a lot of the capabilities across all of Teledynes digital systems, as well as obviously Brown Engineerings long and illustrious programs in servicing space, including the International Space Station. I think as we get closer to it, we will have better outlook numbers. But right now, I cant tell you how much thats going to bring in revenues. But its going to be a very important thing for us, especially as we partner with other companies. 
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Mark Jordan of Noble Financial. 
Mark Jordan: Robert, I was wondering if you could go back and talk a little bit about both the instrumentation and the aerospace and defense segments, and give us a rough percentage breakdown as to the major components in those, for example, with instrumentation, marine versus environmental. And then, secondly, with aerospace, defense, just the aerospace products defense, electronics manufacturing services and relays sort of how those groups breakdown roughly in a percentage basis to the major components. 
Robert Mehrabian: Okay. I can try and do that, Mark. Ive got to get a little help here from my colleagues. Marine is about 2/3. The rest is environmental, is about -- well environmental includes our process. So I would say if you count it that way, marine is about 2/3 and the other is about 40% -- 60% and 40%, the breakdown between marine and environmental. If you go to aerospace and defense, basically the commercial businesses are about 64% and the government businesses are about 36%. And the avionics and so when you look at the total aerospace and defense, its about 32% of the total -- 32.6% of the total. Instrumentation is 31% of the total. And just to summarize it, digital imaging is about 21.5% and engineer systems is about 15% of the total. 
Mark Jordan: Okay. With the acquisition or if you go back over the years, the acquisition process seem to have evolved, where you would make a series of acquisitions in a concentration; youd make it in the marine sensor area and in the environmental area, you made a number of acquisitions to tuck in. Is LeCroy a platform to allow you to effectively go on an M&A process of doing a series of tuck-ins that could fit into that and you would be developing sort of a third area of concentration in the instrumentation business? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. I think youve hit that very accurately. While we have instrumentation, as you know in process and environmental, process analyzer for example, we dont really have a platform in test and measurement. And our plan is -- and of course, LeCroys management has been looking at opportunities within that domain. And our plan is, with their help and processes that theyll develop, to make acquisitions in test and measurement and expand that platform. 
Mark Jordan: Okay. Do you have any rough guess as to what the purchase amortization charge relative to LeCroy might be? 
Robert Mehrabian: I think the amortization probably is going to be about $10 million a year. As you know, Mark, weve got to go through a process with our accountants to kind of do that accurately because we have to get their concurrence. And but roughly when everything is said and done, we will have about $0.52 of amortization expense next year in total, including LeCroy. 
Mark Jordan: Yes. That's -- thats an after-tax number? 
Robert Mehrabian: Thats $0.52 EPS impact. 
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli of KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Just maybe some house-keeping ones first, just on the orders and the backlog, how much of the backlog growth came from the recent acquisitions or what was the contribution there? 
Robert Mehrabian: About $27 million came from recent acquisitions but we also had some increase in our backlog, especially in our defense programs. The big program that I mentioned with the foreign customer was one. Another one was from our classified space programs, which are doing really well in that domain and our revenues in that domain have increased from essentially $1 million or $2 million to what we expect would be in the future up to $20 million a year. So the backlog came from both acquisitions as well as internal programs. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay. And then did I hear correctly the tax rate for 2012 now to be 30.5%? 
Robert Mehrabian: Ill let Dale answer that. 
Dale Schnittjer: Yes, you did. Thats our current estimate, is 30.5%. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay. So that -- and Im just trying to reconcile the guidance for the year. Youve got the $8 million charge but I guess youre picking up 200 basis points on tax. Is that essentially the kind of help washing out the, the -- that kind of expense pressure in the second half of the year? 
Dale Schnittjer: Yes. Thats accurate. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay. And then just lastly, if we can look at maybe some of the trends here on margins, what should we be thinking with some of the elevated R&D on the instrumentation business? Those margins I guess now at 17%, even when you adjust for maybe some of the amortization, those are really, I guess at multi-year lows. How should we be thinking about those margins going forward? 
Robert Mehrabian: I think on that, Mike, north of 19% would be more accurate. This quarter, we took some margin contraction in instrumentation in 3 areas. First, about $800,000 of acquisition expenses, $1.5 million that we spent on our ocean bottom reservoir monitoring, which was a very important program for us. And the big changes in Q3, Q4 will probably, excluding LeCroy, should increase the margins to about 19-plus percent. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay. Okay. And then lastly, maybe if you could just give us an update on some of the real-time trends youre seeing in the shorter cycle businesses. I think you made some comments. Obviously, youre seeing some pressures in Europe, but obviously youve got confidence in the back half of the year and maybe if you can kind of give us a sense of whats giving you that confidence given some slowdown in the Asia-Pacific region as well as the lingering uncertainty in Europe. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Mike. It's -- obviously, we have a lot of pressure in Europe, just like everybody else. We also have some pressure in the United States. The uncertainty with both the government programs and defense programs sequestration as well as the tax increases, the upcoming tax increases have kind of put a lot of people on a holding pattern. We are getting reduced revenue from municipalities for some of our water pollution products for measuring water pollution and other things. But on the other hand, this is balanced -- this is balanced with an increase in Asia-Pacific for some of our visioning -- digital visioning cameras, some new plants that are being built for flat panel displays in China. Also, we have really good growth in our underwater connectors and sonar programs. As example, if you look at underwater investments -- capital investments in deepwater hardware, the expectation is that growth in the next 5 years would be very strong. In the last -- past 5 years, underwater expenditures in total have been about $77 billion for equipment. In the next 5 years, theyre going to be $135 billion and most of that -- the majority of that or 57% is going to be deepwater, which is where we play. Were also seeing increased emphasis on remotely operated vehicles as well as complete autonomous vehicles and gliders, which is our bread and butter in that domain. So all in all, expect Europe down maybe 5%, expect Asia-Pacific to hold. On the other hand, in oil and gas, we might expect upwards of 15%, 10% growth in our portfolio. Thats the beauty of having a portfolio like the one we have, which balances out between government and commercial, and balances out between domestic commercial and international commercial. Right now, our international commercial businesses are ahead of our domestic commercial businesses by 5 percentage of our revenue. So I hope that helps. 
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Steve Levenson of Stifel. 
Stephen Levenson: Away from the things you just mentioned in relation to LeCroy, are there any gaps in the product portfolio youre still looking to fill? 
Robert Mehrabian: Well, you know, Steve, we bought 11 marine businesses. We just obviously bought the BlueView, which is the sonar company. We would like to pick up some more businesses in that domain. We obviously have Optech, the majority interest in Optech right now, which is the LIDAR company that can take 3-dimensional surveys of not only the waterfront but the shallow ocean coupled with BlueView for the deeper water, we can see the whole shoreline. We have to get to the majority of Optech. So thats part of our acquisition plan, but in general I think we will look more -- for more acquisitions in the marine domain. And I dont want to repeat the LeCroy issue because we talked about it, but we have a test and measurement platform hopefully. Were not finding a lot of environmental acquisitions right now. We would like to make some acquisitions for digital imaging, especially for our DALSA product line. Were interested in expanding in our camera market. Were interested in expanding in our CMOS capability. So theres a lot out there that were looking at. 
Stephen Levenson: Okay. And I may have missed this, but does the $8.3 million of expenses, one-time non-recurring items. Does that all come in the third quarter or is it split between the third and fourth quarter? 
Robert Mehrabian: It was -- let me just elaborate. It was $200,000 in the first quarter, $1.3 million in the second quarter, $5 million in the third quarter and $1.8 million in the fourth quarter, to a total of $8.3 million. Please recognize that some of these are estimates right now because we havent -- we dont have a detailed look at what we have to write up in inventories at LeCroy. And we dont have all the other expenses yet figured out but thats a reasonably good estimate. 
Operator: [Operator instructions] You have a question from the line of Jeremy Devaney of BB&T Marketing. 
Jeremy Devaney: Robert, if I just could start with the guidance, decent size deed [ph] in the quarter relative to consensus and also relative to your prior quarterly guidance. And you held the full year constant and the Q3 is lower than the Q2. Is there anything we should read into your back half conservatism or if you just could elaborate on some of your thinking on whats directing that guidance? 
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. First, Jeremy, please let me note that everything we do is GAAP. If I wanted to do a non-GAAP forward-looking guidance, we would certainly meet the Street and probably exceed the Streets expectations on a non-GAAP basis. But we dont do adjusted GAAP reporting. Others do, we dont.
 So third quarter guidance is lower because we have about $0.10 of non-recurring charges. Theres nothing else that you can read into that. If we didnt have the charges going forward, we would have increased our guidance for the full year probably by about $0.10 to $0.12. If you did it on adjusted GAAP a la whoever. 
Jeremy Devaney: All right. Thats helpful. Second, on the LeCroy acquisition, youre adding a decent chunk of debt there. When Im looking at the macro markets, theres a bit of a slowdown and were taking the leverage up significantly into some pretty steady macro market headwinds. Where are you comfortable with debt on a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio or a net debt-to-total capital ratio? It looks like youre going to be up around 1.8x post the transaction. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Probably closer to 1.9 to 2, but we expect to finish the year because we generate a healthy level of cash. We expect to generate the year lower than that, probably closer to 1.7. And then next year, depending on how much pension contribution we decide to make, we could go up a little bit and then come down again. But I can tell you its going to stay below 2 and then its going to go down presuming we dont make acquisitions. And our covenants are at 3.25. So we are very comfortable with where we are. We generate a lot of cash and we have to deploy the cash to benefit our shareholders. 
Jeremy Devaney: And lastly, in the quarter, towards the tail end of the quarter, we saw a lot of volatility in oil prices. I know historically youve said $90 is sort of the break point for some really aggressive demand action from your supply chain and then below $60 is where you see softening. Could you give us some color around what youre seeing and hearing from your customers and what youre thinking in terms of how the volatility is impacting your customer demand? 
Robert Mehrabian: Well, one of our major customers that does oil exploration just came out with -- raised their guidance. So theyre pretty bullish on whats happening. In the second half, we expect our sales to increase because our backlogs are up. Oil is today at about $89 to $90, $89. All the projections seem to indicate that because you do longer term capital commitments, at least in the deepwater arena, theyre going to have significant growth, 14% growth a year in capital expenditures. So we dont see any weakness. I think FMC, who is one of our partners had a very strong growth in orders yesterday. So were comfortable where things are. They have to go down substantially before it affects our businesses. 
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue. Back to you, gentlemen. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Operator. Ill now ask Jason to conclude the conference call. 
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. If any of you have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release. And of course all news releases are on our website, teledyne.com. Rachel, if you could please give the dial-in information and conclude the call, wed appreciate it. Thanks again. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 10 oclock a.m. today through August 26th at midnight. You may access AT&T Executive Replay System at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701, entering the access code 247034.
 International participants dial 320-365-3844 and again that access code is 247034. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-25 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Teledyne's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference to your host Mr. Jason VanWees.  Please go ahead. 
Jason VanWees: Thank you and good morning everyone.  This is Jason VanWees, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations at Teledyne.  And I would like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call.  We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened.
 Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian, Senior Vice President and CFO, Dale Schnittjer, and Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary, John Kuelbs.
 After remarks by Robert and Dale, we will ask for your questions.  However, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks, and caveats, as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and of course actual results may differ materially.
 In order to avoid potential selective disclosures this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via webcast and dial-in will be available for about one month.
 Here is Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning everyone. First quarter sales of $494 million increased 5.5%.  Earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.96 compared to $0.87 in 2011.  As we have progressively done over the last decade, we continued our emphasis on higher margin industrial growth markets, increased our global presence, and like always, further pushed continuous improvement in our operations.
 Our current portfolio of higher technology businesses, provide proprietary, highly engineered products and served markets, which has energy exploration and production, global infrastructure, factory automation, transportation, and communication.  In order to drive organic growth in this market, we continue to invest in research and development.  In fact R&D expense increased 20 % compared to last year.
 In the first quarter, we received record orders of $528 million excluding acquired backlog.  Overall, book-to-bill was 1.07.  And despite our greater mix of short cycle businesses, backlog was approximately $990 million compared to approximately $945 million at 2011 fiscal year end.
 International sales contributed more than 40% of total revenue in the quarter.  And U.S. government sales accounted for just 31% of sales, down from 36% in 2011, and 47% just a few years ago.  The profile of our government businesses also continues to evolve with an increase in proprietary products over engineering services.
 Finally, given the greater profitability of our commercial businesses, the U.S. government in the first quarter accounted for only about 20% of income.
 I will now comment on our business segment, after which Dale Schnittjer will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the second quarter and full year 2012.
 Starting with our instrumentation segment, this segment comprises our highest margin group of businesses and primarily serves the offshore energy including deep water exploration and production and global infrastructure markets. International sales represented more than 55% of the segment sales in the first quarter.  Despite a tough year-over-year comparison, first quarter sales in the instrumentation segment increased slightly to $160.6 million.  Sales however increased 7.9% sequentially compared to 4th quarter of 2011.
 Record sales of environmental instruments grew 10% year-over-year, while sales of marine instrumentation contracted slightly.
 Growth in environmental instrument continued due in part from increased power and petrochemical activity in Asia, Russia, and the Middle East.  While marine instruments declined slightly year-over-year, this was largely timings related.  We experienced good sequential growth of 8.8%.
 In the deep water oil production market we announced in January that our oil and gas group was awarded a 3 year global frame agreement with FMC Technologies to supply wide portfolio of interconnect and sensing products and services in support of FMC's offshore oil and gas business.  In March, FMC was awarded a $1.5 billion agreement for subsea trees and equipment from Petrobras of Brazil.  Given our frame agreement with FMC and our 11 years local presence in the Brazilian market, we expect that this will provide an excellent opportunity for Teledyne over the next several years.
 Turning to the Digital Imaging segment, this segment provides a broad portfolio of visible, infrared, x-ray and ultraviolet sensors, cameras and software.  First quarter sales, in Digital Imaging increased 42%, compared to last year.  Most of the revenue growth was due to the full year result of DALSA, which was acquired in February 2011.  However, revenue growth excluding DALSA was 7.5%.
 Segment operating profit increased, but operating margin was compacted by one, 270 basis points of increased R&D spending compared to last year.  Two, approximately 325 basis points of acquisition related intangible asset amortization. And 3, the reclassification of Canadian R&D tax credit from above the line segment income to below the line provision for taxes.
 The non-DALSA revenue growth resulted from increased sales related to classified imaging program, greater achievement of laser eye protection glasses, and sales of new mid-wave UAV disc, tactical imaging cameras.
 Immediately after the end of the quarter, we increased our ownership interest in Optech Incorporated from 19% to 51%.  Optech provides full integrated light detection and ranging or lidar system and camera imaging solution used in airborne terrestrial mapping, airborne laser bathymetry, mobile mapping, and laser imaging.
 Turning to our Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, first quarter sales decreased 1.3% compared to first quarter of 2011.  However sales of high margin commercial avionics, aircraft batteries, and electronic relays increased almost 15%.  There is a microwave device as and interconnects were stable and increased modestly due to the acquisition of VariSystems.  The decline in the segment sales resulted from significantly decreased revenue of low margin government electronic manufacturing services.  Given the improved mix, segment operating profit increased 6% and segment operating margin increased 95 basis points.
 Within this segment, U.S. government sales were 36% of total, down from 45% in 2011 and almost 50% in 2009.  The acquisition of VariSystems during the quarter was another example of our focus on expanding our portfolio of commercial products for industrial growth market such as the oil and gas industry.
 Turning to the Engineered System segment, first quarter revenue and margins declined slightly given the anticipated reduction with systems engineering and technical assistance program, as a result of U.S. government budget cuts, and a revised organizational conflict of interest policy, partially offset by increased manufacturing work for marine, aerospace and industrial applications.  We believe that government sales in this segment have largely stabilized due in part to revenue now been generated from nearly $1 billion of major contracts won in 2011.
 In conclusion, we now have a portfolio of high technology industrial businesses and we continue to increase our international presence.  While the government portion of our earnings has also decreased to only 20%.
 Finally, we also have a proven track record of earnings improvement, and we expect 2012 to be our 11th consecutive year of GAAP earnings growth.
 I will now turn the call over to Dale Schnittjer. 
Dale Schnittjer: Thank you Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our 2012 outlook.
 On cash flow, in the first quarter, cash provided from operating activities from continuing operations was a cash usage of $19.7 million, compared with positive cash flow of $6.6 million for the same period of 2011.  Free cash flow was a cash usage of $30.3 million in the first quarter of 2012.  Adjusted for pension contributions, net of taxes, free cash flow was $2.2 million.
 Capital expenditures were $10.6 million in the first quarter, compared to $6.5 million for the same period of 2011.
 Depreciation and amortization expense was $16.8 million in the quarter compared to $13.9 million last year.  We expect to invest approximately $65 million in capital in 2012.  Also, for the full year of 2012, we expect depreciation and amortization expense to be approximately $75 million with amortization expense at approximately $28 million of the $75 million.
 We ended the quarter with $316.5 million of net debt.  That is $401.4 million of debt and capital leases less cash of $84.9 million for a net debt to capital ratio of 23.2%.  Cash was temporarily elevated at the end of the first quarter since we borrowed on the last day of the quarter to fund the purchase of the majority interest in Optech which closed early on the first day of the second quarter.
 Next on pension, net pension income after recovery of allowable costs pursuant to government cost accounting standards was $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2012, compared with $0.2 million of net pension income in the first quarter of 2011.  There was a small positive variance in net pension income in the first quarter of 2012.  However, on a full year basis, the pension impact for 2012 versus 2011 is expected to be flat, primarily due to planned amendments and the impact of voluntary cash contributions offset by a reduction in a discount rate for 2012.
 On stock options. Stock option compensation expense was $1.5 million in the first quarter 2012, compared with $1.4 million in the first quarter of 2011.  Stock option expense for 2012 will be higher in the balance of the year compared to the first quarter, and will also be greater than prior years.  This is due to, first, no employee stock options were granted in the first quarter of 2012.  This years stock options will be granted in April given the timing of the proxy proposal, and this will increase expense relative to the first quarter.  Second, our stock options vest over 3 years and because no employee stock options were granted in 2009, expense was relatively low during the 2009 through 2011.  Finally, stock option expense will likely be higher due to an expected increase in fair value per share of stock options.
 Moving to the 2012 outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the second quarter of 2012 will be in the range of $0.97 to $0.99.  We expect full year 2012 earnings per share from continuing operations of approximately $3.98 to $4.04.  Stock option expense is expected to be $8.7 million in 2012 compared to $5.8 million in 2011.
 Finally, the 2012 full year effective tax rate, excluding any tax credits or other adjustments is expected to be 32.5% compared to 34% for 2011.
 I will now pass the call back to Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Dale. Before we take your questions, I would like to note that our 3 segment executives, Brian Doody, Rex Geveden, and Aldo Pichelli, are with us here today and I may pass along some of the questions for them to answer.
 Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the questions-and-answers please go ahead. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Michael Ciarmoli of Keybanc Capital Markets. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Robert, if I could just pass in to the EPS increase.  You got a little bit of a tax I guess benefit in the quarter and it seemed like, what had been maybe some tension tailwinds or headwinds turned into some tailwinds.  I mean was that really the drivers behind the increase or was there any more kind of operational gains that that drove the increase for the full year, your view? 
Robert Mehrabian: I think we got about 2.5 cents from tax and maybe a penny or maybe less than a penny.  We did pick up some earnings from our acquisition of VariSystems, which is probably the driver there. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay, okay.  And then, if I've got my math right, and maybe you can comment on the full year, the organic growth at the corporate level for the quarter and for the full year you guys still look to be kind of under some pressure maybe slightly down to the low single digit, I mean do you have any organic growth expectations for the full year? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes we do.  Well I think our expectation is in the 5% maybe a little more for the year.  The thing that we think will happen with us is that we will increase our commercial businesses and maybe shrink our government businesses like we did in the first quarter.  And that's part of it that, as you know Michael, is planned; we really have gotten out of the seato-type work pretty much. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Right.  Is that, is the planned shrinkage of government is that, just kind of the natural pressures and challenges or you guys thinking about doing anything strategically with some of those segments and some of those business units there? 
Robert Mehrabian: Let me just say both of those. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay.  That's helpful.  And then, last question, and I'll just jump off here.  You mentioned, I think in the prepared comments some of the short cycle businesses and I knew there had been maybe a quarter or 2 ago some concerns on what was happening in Europe?  What are you seeing in some of those, maybe the industrial automation, the semi cap equipment, can you comment on kind of what kind of order trends you're seeing right now? 
Robert Mehrabian: We saw some softness in the semi cap equipment earlier but we're seeing some pickup there.  In Europe, I think, just like everybody else, everything is stagnant.  It's -- I would say Europe is neutral for us.  On the other hand, Asia-Pacific, we're seeing some positive signs.  Middle East, interestingly, Middle East dry shale is a significant buildup of petrochemicals and other activities that's helping us.  The only exception in Europe, I would say for us, is Norway, because of our oil and gas presence. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay.  And with that Asia-Pacific I know you've got some of the machine vision that was tied to consumer electronics.  Any kind of real changes there with demand trends in that specific market? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes I think, I'm going to actually answer that and then let perhaps Brian Doody make a comment.  I think what we're seeing is some of the machine vision in that we've for flat panel displays; a lot of the large flat panel display companies are not doing well.  On the other hand, we're seeing a pickup in small notebook and others display devices that you're cognizant of what you heard yesterday in the market, we're seeing pickups there.  So while there is some weakness, theres some positives.  Brain do you want to add to that? 
Brian Doody: Sure.  Thanks, Robert.  In Asia, we have generally had a very stronger position in for semiconductor capital equipment, which includes inspecting flat panel displays as Robert mentioned.  The real bright spot for us is the increased use of very high resolution smaller displays for tablets and smartphones.  This combined with pressure and some bad press that manufacturers are getting for working conditions is pushing these manufactures to increase their automation levels within the factories and that's a driver for our growth.  So we're starting to see some of those factors pushup demand as we come out of this down cycle in this particular industry. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You have a question from the line of Chris Quilty of Raymond James. 
Chris Quilty: Question, you called out the record R&D spending in the quarter, is that merely a reflection of a fully loaded impact of DALSA or are there some onetime investments you've undertaken this year that you see a specific pay back on? 
Robert Mehrabian: I think that's really a pickup from DALSA.  DALSA has got a -- but they have 2 parts of our R&D expenditures.  One is that internal, which is about 10% plus.  The other is they do customer directed R&D.  This is from the internal R&D pickup.  Brain do you have any other comment? 
Brian Doody: No, I think you said it correctly Robert.  The R&D spend from Teledyne DALSA will fluctuate as our contract business goes up and down for any NRE work.  And as the industry is in semiconductor CapEx are in down cycles they tend to increase their R&D activity and move towards next generation product development.  So we actually increase our R&D during those periods and that's what we're seeing. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Chris, just on a bigger scale, internally sponsored R&D in 2011 was about $102 million.  Our anticipation is that that would be about $212 million this year; I'm sorry $112 million this year. 
Chris Quilty: Okay, switching gears, can you characterize for us the acquisition pipeline, how you feel about pricing multiples, valuation expectations, and whether you're seeing anything more interesting from the sector basis? 
Robert Mehrabian: I must say there has been more activity for us in that domain.  Obviously we're interested in things, products that are go into the ocean and oil and gas that's where VariSystems came in, op tech interesting some of the lighter images come right on the shore line.  So you can see some of the pictures of the shoreline and of course we are looking to buy things that we take images under the water, more precise images than the scans we have now.  I think overall, there is some opportunity, perhaps some larger opportunities as we get along. 
Chris Quilty: Question for Dale on the following the anticipated pension contribution in the second half of the year, where does that put your anticipated and in funding status? 
Dale Schnittjer: Well, we are -- if we include the prepayments in our plan currently we are a 100% funded and that would put us at about a 105%. 
Chris Quilty: And what would be the rational for over funding? 
Dale Schnittjer: Well, that funding assumes an 8.25% rate of return.  We do not know what the return will be exactly and the liability continues to grow as you take an additional year of discounting off of the PDO liability, so that is not a lot of leeway sitting on top of the pension liability that we have. 
Chris Quilty: Understand 8.25% is reason enough.  Final question, the marine instruments was down in the quarter I believe, is that just due to some variables?  And, I know we have talked about this already but, Robert, can you talk about the anticipated impact of frac-ing or the growth of frac-ing over the next couple of years?  Whether that is a net positive or negative to your business demand? 
Robert Mehrabian: I think from my perspective that is a net positive especially with our acquisition of VariSystems.  Obviously, there is some regulations coming down there but those won't be effective until 2015; that should not affect this much.  And thus, as you remember, those relate to the first when you start the frac-ing process you get some gases that come up that may have to be either burned or captured, right now they're being burned.  But, I think that what will affect frac-ing is probably the price of gas and people are shifting their emphasis to oil sands, which again is good for us.  So we think generally that is positive of us. 
Operator: Our next question from a line of Robert Kirkpatrick of Cardinal Capital. 
Robert Kirkpatrick: Could you please expand a bit on the FMC relationship the order that they received from Petrobras and what that could need for the marine part of your business going-forward? 
Robert Mehrabian: The FMC Petrobras agreement is for increased subsea trees, Rob, and our agreement with FMC -- we have always had a very good relationship with FMC.  But in Brazil especially, I think we are kind of sole source to them in a lot of the stuff that we can make.  What the frame agreement that is it kind of solidifies our position for them over multiple years.
 And the other thing in general that is happening in the deep sea market exploration market is, if you look at they measure the number of subsea trees, these are the large trees that sit on top of the oil well.  Those are expected to almost double between 2011 and 2015.  Now, of course that is great for us, it's all the way because we make -- we own half the electrical market there connector market and perhaps as much as 90% plus of the optical connector market.  And then we also make pressure and temperature sensors and other sensors.  And our underwater vehicles and other people's under water vehicles use the lot of our Doppler Velocity measurement devices.  So, all in all that whole area is really positive for us. 
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Mark Jordan of Noble Financial. 
Mark Jordan: First question is relative to you area alluded to well some of the larger production contracts for the marines for the, I guess the assault vehicle etc.  When would those contracts go into a production mode versus being in design and development? 
Robert Mehrabian: I am going to let Rex speak up on this.  Rex Geveden who runs both our engineered systems and our scientific and imaging here.  But, let me just note on the underwater vehicles, there are separate contract in the marine business but there are 2 big contracts that the engineered systems does.  One of them is gliders which are self-powered vehicles, underwater vehicle.  And the next one is the shallow water vehicle for delivering the special ops folks.  So, I will let Rex transfer the more detailed question. 
Rex Geveden: Okay, thank you, Robert.  One of our -- the contract for our shallow water combat submersible is in the engineering development phase right now.  That goes through about the summer of 2013 at which point production would occur.  We have -- the contract has options for up to 42 vehicles in it and that production to go over 5 years past 2013, so up to 2018 we have indications that that we would perhaps 16 to 18 vehicles in that timeframe excluding any foreign military sales. On the glider program that Robert referred to, we're in the production phase on that one right now.  We've delivered about 50 vehicles of the unpowered gliders to the customer and they have options for another 100 vehicles that we would produce over the next 2 years. 
Mark Jordan: Second question, we just talked about upgrading of undersea fields with new trees, added sensors.  What is the catalyst for the producing company to actually go out and do that upgrade and how much lead time is there in going back and making the decision for significant capital upgrade? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, most of these are, Mark, new trees that are being put.  They're just drilling new holes.  Deep ocean is the only really growing domain left for new oil production.  So, when we say trees are going to be added those would be for new production and primarily in the deep water domain.  And we not only make the connectors, but we make a whole set of sensors that are either located down there or on vehicles that are used for assembling stuff on the ocean floor. 
Mark Jordan: Is there any difference in terms of the level of the sophistication of the equipment placed under water by geographic area?  By that I mean is it -- its in US Gulf waters is it any different than would be utilized in Brazil or Russia for that matter? 
Robert Mehrabian: I think its not the location by itself, Mark, but I think you have an important point.  The deeper you go, as you start getting down to 7,000 ft or more, the material challenges become really serious because you cannot really replace material.  You dont want to replace them.  You have a minimum 25 year life requirement.
 The one advantage that we have over competitors is that in our scientific research domain here we have a very strong history of material used in challenging environments in space.  And we are taking a lot of that know-how and now bringing it to deep ocean floor structures.  And our customers find that very attractive because here they're putting stuff in deep water that are very challenging environment, both in terms of pressure and temperature and they want to have predicted maps of how long this stuff will last, and we're able to produce that.  And we are the only company that does that right now.  So, we are at an advantage with our customers in doing things like that. 
Operator: And the next question from the line of Steve Levenson of Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Stephen Levenson: I'll apologize, I dont know if this has been asked before because I've been flipping back between calls.  On the electronic manufacturing, could you discuss the timing issue and is this a business that you think still has long term opportunities or is it maybe on your list for changes? 
Robert Mehrabian: I'll let Al Pichelli take that.  He runs both our instrument segment and our electronics, commercial and defense electronics segment. 
Al Pichelli: Thank you, Robert.  And yes, as we look at our contract manufacturing services, there was tapering off of activity early part of this year specifically EMS where we build circuit card assemblies and box builds for some of the major clients, [indiscernible] Northrop Grumman.  We are starting some very attractive programs but there has been a delay in funding in some of these programs.  These are ones in which we are sole sourced and we believe that there will be some recovery as we get near the end of this year into 2013, so we do believe its more of a timing temporary delay. 
Robert Mehrabian: I depict a bigger picture there is that segment, the electronic segment was essentially flat year-over-year.  On the other hand our electronic manufacturing services, EMS part of that business was down almost 30%.  So, we picked that up in other areas of the business as I mentioned.  Some of it are commercial aerospace where we put computers on commercial aircraft and some of it also we have put businesses in our microwave businesses.  So, avionics was up probably 15%, microwave was up about 5% and they made up for the down spike that we saw in the MS.  And the other thing is the EMS margins are much lower.  So, overall, operating profit increased 6% year-over-year even though EMS was down almost 30%. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  You have a follow-up question from the line of Michael Ciarmoli of Keybanc Capital Markets. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Just a follow up maybe on the margins, Robert.  If I looked at the aerospace and the defense electronics, it sounds like clearly there's pressure on the EMS, but its I guess the 4th quarter now where the margins have trended lower.  Is this more of a function of some of the contracting and funding delays?  I mean, can you hold this 14% or are we expecting these margins to continue to maybe to trend back down towards that 10% to 12% range? 
Robert Mehrabian: I think I'm rarely given to optimism on these things, but on the other hand, I must say I think the margins are going to improve in that domain, maybe 50 basis points over the year rather than go down. 
Michael Ciarmoli: And is that a function of maybe the strength in some of the avionics and some of the other areas? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, you're right, its a mix issue.  But also even in our manufacturing we expect some of that programs, as Al mentioned, to come back.  And as I indicated earlier, we did buy VariSystems, which is a difficult environment connector and cable product line, and we think that will have better margins also. 
Michael Ciarmoli: Okay.  And then just on the $520 million orders you referenced, can you give us any sense of the end market mix there?  Were there any standouts or any concentration? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think most of it is commercial.  Really good pickup in some of our marine businesses, a little in the government business. But we have acoustics we had a really pickup in some of our classified programs out of our imaging group here in Thousand Oaks.  And some of our avionics, especially in commercial where we supply both what is referred to as the wireless downlink and now the uplink to commercial aircraft; we have had some nice pickups there so.  And we've had some nice pickups in our engineered systems.  So, I think its across the board.  We see some strength in our bookings, and we dont count long term bookings for which the money has not been allocated. 
Operator: Okay, and there are no further questions in queue. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator and now I will turn the call over to Jason to conclude it. 
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert.  Again thank you everyone for joining us morning.  If you have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me at the number listed on the earnings release.  Again all of our earnings releases are available on our website www.teledyne.com.  Operator, if you would go ahead and give the replay information and end today's conference call that would be fantastic. 
Operator: I certainly will.  And ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 o'clock am today through May 25th at midnight.  You may access the AT&T Executive Replay System at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701 entering the access code 235585.  International participants dial 320-365-3844 and again that access is 235585.
 That does conclude your conference for today.  Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference.  You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-26 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Just a reminder this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the call over to Jason VanWees. Please go ahead. 
Jason VanWees: Good morning everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations at Teledyne. And Id like to welcome everyone to Teledyne Technologies fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened.
 Joining us today are Teledyne Technologies Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Dale Schnittjer and Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, John Kuelbs.
 After remarks by Robert and Dale, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings, and of course actual results may differ materially.
 In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is also simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via dial-in and webcast will be available for approximately one month. Heres Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you Jason and good morning everyone. Fourth quarter sales was $474.5 million increased 12.6%. Earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.99 compared to a $1 last year, note however that the fourth quarter 2010 included $0.24 of tax credit partially offset by $0.08 of acquisition and disposition expenses.
 Before I discuss individual business segments, I have some general comments. 2011 was a decisive year in the history of Teledyne both financially and strategically. Full year sales of $1.94 billion increased 18.1%. Earnings per share from continuing operations of $3.81 increased 17.2%. GAAP operating margin was 11.7%, an increase of 84 basis points.
 And free cash flow, excluding voluntary pension contributions was $221.8 million, an increase of 79% from 2010. All of these metrics were at record level.
 Beyond the financial performance, the divestiture of our aircraft piston engine business in April 2011 along with its liabilities significantly reduced Teledynes risk profile, while the acquisition of DALSA was a major commitment to digital imaging. 
 Teledyne is a different company today. Following a decade of progressive change through acquisitions and divestitures and continuous improvements in operations, we enter 2012 as a company that serves primarily industrial growth markets. 
 We now possess high technology businesses, a greater research and development capability, and a portfolio of proprietary highly engineered products serving markets such as of offshore energy, global infrastructure, factory automation, transportation and communication.
  U.S. Government sales now account for 35% of total revenues down from 47% just two years ago. And the profile of our government business has also changed, with an increasing proprietary products over engineering services. Finally, given the greater profitability of our commercial businesses, the U.S. Government today accounts for less than 25% of our income. Weve also been growing our sales internationally, and in the fourth quarter this increased to 34% of our total sales.
 I will now comment on our business segments after which Dale Schnittjer will review some of the financials in more detail and provide an earnings outlook for the first quarter and the full year.
 Turning to our Instrumentation segment, as a reminder this segment which comprises our highest margin group of businesses provides advanced electronic instrumentation, including trace chemical analyzers, underwater vehicles, acoustic sensing and imaging systems and specialty subsea interconnects. This segment primarily serves the offshore energy, including deepwater exploration and production and global infrastructure market.
 In addition to the high price of oil, other macroeconomic drivers for this segment include population growth and industrialization in the developing world. Industrial sales - international sales represent more than 50% of the revenue in this segment. Fourth quarter sales in this segment increased slightly to $148.9 million.
 Sales of environmental instruments grew almost 4% while sales of marine instrumentation contracted slightly. While the marine instruments declined slightly in the quarter, this was largely timing related. We currently expect good sequential growth in the first quarter of 2012 as book-to-bill in this segment in the fourth quarter was 1.2 X.
 Turning to the digital imaging segment. Before mentioning the results, I wanted to offer some historical perspective and comment on our strategy in digital imaging. Teledyne entered the digital imaging market with the acquisition of Rockwell Scientific & Imaging in 2006, we were then and still remain the leader in very high performance sensors for land and space-based infrared astronomy. Today both our technical depth and the breadth of our product lines have increased dramatically. We now offer a suite of sensors, cameras and software spanning the electromagnetic spectrum from x-ray to infrared. 
 Beyond our historical space of astronomy sensors that look out and capture infrared protons from the origin of the universe, we have begun making inroads into classified program where we did not previously participate. 
 With the acquisition of DALSA, we are now the leading provider of commercial ultra-high-resolution visible light sensors used for space and aerial photogrammetry that is the devices that capture the images available to you on Google Earth and Bing.
 Our sensors and cameras are also used for tactical application, such as hyperspectral sensors that is used on the Predator UAV and a cool infrared camera thats used on the ScanEagle UAV. 
 In the commercial domain, Teledyne DALSA is a leader in high performance visible and ultraviolet cameras for factory automation and is an emergent supplier of smart cameras for automated quality control in industrial processes. 
 Finally, medical and dental x-ray imaging is one of the highest priority in our digital imaging segment. Order intake for new X-ray high-resolution lower dose panels have been excellent from both our medical and dental customers.
 Turing to the results, fourth quarter sales increased 187% compared to last year. While the bulk of the revenue was due to the acquisition of DALSA in February of 2011, underlying organic growth was over 10%.
 Segment operating margin increased, but remained relatively low on a GAAP basis largely as a result of one; increased R&D spending, two; approximately 290 basis points of acquisition related intangible asset amortization and three; and just as importantly the reclassification of Canadian R&D tax credit from above the line in segments income to below the line provision in U.S. GAAP for taxes.
 Turning to the Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment, fourth quarter sales increased 2.6%, due to higher sales of microwave devices, interconnect and aircraft information management system. Segment operating profit increased 23% and segment operating margin increased 233 basis points. 
 Margins in this segment continued to grow nicely over last year, as a result of one; sustained operational excellence efforts, two; a mix shift towards higher margin commercial product and proprietary defense electronics versus lower margins manufacturing - government manufacturing services.
 Turing to the Engineering System segment, as in our Aerospace and Defense Electronic segment, there has been a progressive and intentional mix shift in this segment. In this case, the shift is toward proprietary technology and manufactures products away from less - historically less differentiated government systems engineering and technical assistance program.
 Fourth quarter revenue and margin declined as we have continued to absorb significant government funding reduction in certain Missile Defense Engineering Program and a pressured NASA budget. However growth in manned and unmanned underwater systems, an area in which Teledyne has become a leader was able to partially offset the decline.
 While our Instrumentation Segment provides electronic subsystems as well as complete autonomous underwater systems for ocean science, oil and gas, and commercial hydrographic survey markets, our Engineered Systems segments provide unmanned autonomous gliding vehicles to the U.S. Navy and more recently was selected to develop and produce next generation of Navy SEAL Delivery Vehicles.
 In conclusion, after a decade of acquisitions and divestitures, we now have a mix of high technology industrial businesses that are growing in international markets. We also have a much lower risk profile, a strong balance sheet and a hands-on management with a proven track record of ten consecutive years of earnings improvement.
 Finally, the defense market now represents less than 25% of our earnings. Furthermore, we do expect some stability in earnings in this market as we have continued to position these businesses to be more aligned with surveillance market, unmanned systems and certain Navy programs which we expect to remain at relative priorities in the defense budget.
 I will now turn the call over to Dale Schnittjer. 
Dale Schnittjer: Thank you, Robert and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our 2012 outlook. On cash flow in the fourth quarter, cash provided from operating activities from continuing operations was strong at $79.8 million compared with $60.2 million for the same period of 2010.
 Free cash flow was $65.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. For the full year 2011, free cash flow was $177.8 million, adjusting for the pension contribution net of taxes, free cash flow was $221.8 million.
 Capital expenditures were $14.1 million in the fourth quarter compared with $15.4 million for the same period of 2010. Depreciation and amortization expense was $16.8 million in the quarter compared with $12 million last year. For the full year 2011, capital expenditures were $41.7 million and depreciation and amortization expense was $64.2 million. Of this $64.2 million, approximately $24 million was intangible assets amortization expense. To put that in perspective thats approximately $0.41 per share in amortization expense for 2011.
 We expect to invest approximately $60 million in capital expenditures in 2012. Also for the full year of 2012, we expect depreciation and amortization expense to be approximately $70 million with amortization expense approximately $24 million.
 We ended the quarter with $263.4 million of net debt. Thats $312.8 million of debt and capital leases, less cash of $49.4 million for a net debt to cap ratio of 21.2%. Currently we have approximately $500 million available under our credit facility. The margin of borrowing cost on the facility is LIBOR plus 125 basis points to 250 basis points depending upon the leverage ratio.
 While cash flow from continuing operations remain strong, we paid $46.9 million of income taxes in the fourth quarter related to the gain on the sale of the discontinued piston engine business.
 Next on pension, net pension income after recovery of allowable costs pursuant to government accounting standards was $2.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared to $1.2 million of net pension income in the fourth quarter of 2010. On stock options, stock option compensation expense was $1.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared with $1.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. 
 Moving to our 2012 outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2012 will be in the range of $0.88 to $0.91. 
 We expect full year 2012 earnings per share from continuing operations of approximately $3.90 to $3.96. As noted in the earnings release, the discount rate for our domestic pension plan will decrease to 5.5% in 2012 from 6.15% in 2011 and the expected rate of return for 2012 will remain at 8.25%. Finally, the 2012 full year effective tax rate is expected to be 32.5% compared with 32.9% in 2011. 
 I will now pass the call back to Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Dale. We would now like to take your questions. Stacy, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And well go to Howard Rubel with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Howard Rubel: Thank you very much. Good morning, Robert. How are you? 
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Howard. 
Howard Rubel: Could you just talk a little bit more about some of the risks to your forecast and where, on one hand, there is some challenges and on the other hand maybe whether you see some opportunities? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah, Howard, I think the primary risk and it is a small one is in our government businesses still. We potentially could take another 5% of revenue out of that, but as I indicated, the profitability of our government business is now comprised less than 25% of our earnings.
 On the upside, because of our exposure to oil and gas and international market, I think were going to do pretty well there. And finally with at least the announcement that we heard today with increased emphasis on Special Operation Forces and their products that they use we are favorably inclined in that direction.
 First, with our data link systems to UAVs. Second, with our new surveillance cameras both for the Predator as well as the ScanEagle as well as some of the submersible manned vehicles that were developing for the Navy SEAL. So when you put all of those together, I think defense budget changes are going to be actually favorable to Teledyne. 
Howard Rubel: I was actually thinking a little bit more in some of the instrumentation markets or in digital imaging in terms of either risks or - I mean risks or challenges? 
Robert Mehrabian: In the instrumentation domain, as you know, were primarily environmental and marine, I dont see risk, much risk in our marine. We may have a little bit of a headwind in our oil exploration. But were shipping there from chambers that are drawn behind boat to reservoir monitoring and our new products that are coming out this quarter and next will be a buffer for that.
 In the environmental instrumentation, obviously the problem is spending by municipalities and the government, but even there weve done all right. Weve gotten some major awards for water quality monitoring in two large municipalities. And of course overseas, we are getting, we are selling a lot of our environmental product. In the - and then we of course, playing the food and beverage, NA separation, which is important in China and water quality and everything et cetera.
 So I think overall, I dont see a lot of negative in our instrumentation. In digital imaging on the other hand, the one area that we have to be careful about is the semiconductor capital equipment industry to which especially we sell our standard products. The book-to-bill is declined from 0.98 in last May to 0.83 this November. Its stabilized and we think in the second half of 2012 that market will pick up again as it has historical cyclicality.
 So we do have a little headwinds there, but again on digital imaging on the really positive side is that we have made significant inroads in the medical X-ray, both for medical and dental X-ray market. Weve introduced new CMOS large panel X-ray sensors, which have much better resolution at significantly lower doses thats what exists out there today. And we have a lot of orders in that area and those are increasing, so we are bullish on that part of imaging. I hope that answers it better Howard. 
Howard Rubel: Well, that was very helpful and then I just have one last question for Dale. To go back to the pension plan, what percentage are you funded today both for risk and for financial purposes? 
Dale Schnittjer: The funding is at 91% today. 
Howard Rubel: So there is no required contributions for the foreseeable future? 
Dale Schnittjer: Thats right, there are not. Our policy has been to contribute to the pension trust an amount thats equal to what we pay out to retirees each year, but there is no requirement for payments. 
Robert Mehrabian: Maybe the other side of that Howard is that as you remember January 2004 we stopped all new entrance in our defined pension plan and today only 27% of our active employees participate in that plan. 
Howard Rubel: Thank you gentlemen for your help. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. 
Operator: We will go to Jeremy Devaney with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Devaney: Good morning, Robert. Thanks for taking the call. I wanted to start off taking a look at funded backlog. What was the total funded backlog at the end of the quarter and how did you see the pace of orders through the quarter for both your government customers and then separately more for your other end market customers, if you could comment specifically? 
Robert Mehrabian: Q4 and our funded backlog Jeremy was $950 million, but of course that does not include our longer-term award such as the submersible vehicles for the SEAL Delivery or our OSF longer-term contracts. So those are things that materialize in the next 12 months. Furthermore in instruments, our book-to-bill is 1.2, in digital imaging is slightly below 1, in general the only area that we are a little concerned about again is our engineering services, engineered services area, which segment, which the backlog at least a 12 month backlog is about 0.8. 
Jeremy Devaney: All right, thats very helpful. If we look out into next year, I know how everybody is talking with you a little bit about some unforeseen risks, how would you say youre thinking about the defense budget as it relates to your specific businesses, I know special opportunities community its looking strong for you, do you think you fully baked in sequestration and its impacts to the full extent or you sort of just baking in the cuts that the OMB pass-back to DOD right now? 
Robert Mehrabian: I think overall, we might have to take maybe a 5% cut if they keep doing what they are doing in 2012 in our government budget. I cant tell you about the out years. In 2013, I dont think sequestration is going to have a effect on us. The reduction in spending in Afghanistan and Iraq will have little or no impact on Teledyne.
 Any increases in UAV and battlefield satellite communication, which are high priorities, would be very positive for us, and really if were not going to build new platforms, we are simply going to maintain our older legacy platforms and that is really in some ways very good for us, because we have a lot of products that are going in those platform. So overall and finally we do have one program that is coming, which is a counter - complete integrated counter ID system that we are developing for European customers, which could have a very positive effect on our defense program. 
Jeremy Devaney: Would that be through the engineered systems segment? 
Robert Mehrabian: No, most probably that would be through our electronics, defense electronics group and it will be probably be in our, one of our European acquired companies. 
Jeremy Devaney: Excellent, thanks for the detail. Ill hop back in queue. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. 
Operator: Well go to Mark Jordan with Noble Financial. Please go ahead. 
Mark Jordan: Good morning, gentlemen. First question relative to the tax rate significant decline projected for next year at 32.5%, is that tied to Canadian tax benefits from DALSA? 
Robert Mehrabian: Primarily that and some European and the fact that we have much more international sales. 
Mark Jordan: Okay. Second question relative to pensions again. As you said youve been making contributions roughly equal to the funds withdrawn, youre $44 million this year up from 28.1, given that the demographics of your retiree pool when do you see that contribution peaking? 
Robert Mehrabian: It will be a number of years from now Mark. On the positive side, were doing two things this year, which would have a positive effect on our pension. First, about 27% of the people that are in the pension program who are vested have left Teledyne. And what we are going to do this year, we are going to make an offer to buy them out and that will take a significant liability of our pension. 
 Second, we made a modification to our pension plan now, which changes some of the calculations in terms of averaging every years pension income versus the final five year average, which will have another positive [pick up], potentially reducing our liabilities by 10%. So when we do both of those I think we have stabilized the pension for the future. But I think we will continue putting in somewhere around $40 million to $42 million a year, because we expect that to be the amount that will be paid out to our retirees. 
Mark Jordan: Okay. Final question, if I may. Looking at the aerospace margins at 14%, do you see that as sort of an area where that segment will stabilize, or how do you see that that segment over the next year or two from an operating margin, profit margin standpoint? 
Robert Mehrabian: I think that 14% is a good number. It might even go up a little bit. We are bullish on that segment at least the part that serves the aerospace market. We have very strong positions in data acquisition and wireless transmission of data in both Boeing and Airbus and as you know, their businesses have significantly improved and their backlogs are at historical levels. Actually, they are beginning to pull in some products from Q2 and Q3 into Q1. So I think because of our mix of our products that we have shifted both there and in defense, I think our margins are going to remain in that range or even slightly above. 
Mark Jordan: Thank you very much. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Mark. 
Operator: We will go to Chris Quilty with Raymond James. Please go ahead. 
Chris Quilty: Thank you. Speaking of margins Robert, can you give us, perhaps your general forecast for the growth rates in the margin performance by segment? 
Robert Mehrabian: Ill try, I just talked about the aerospace/defense, I think in the commercial domain, our margins should keep improving as it has in the past, maybe 100 basis points over time maybe a little more. In digital imaging, we have constrained a little bit from two perspectives. First, as I mentioned in DALSA, when they were an independent Canadian public company, their margins were healthier because they took their R&D tax credits above the line. Now, we are taking it below the line, as Dale mentioned our taxes and as - was asked before our tax rates have gone down because of that, so we are not getting as much credit there. 
 The other part of imaging, which is our scientific R&D centers, we actually dont take profit there, we intentionally reinvest the profit there in our R&D and that make - of course making the products, better products for the rest of our segments.
 Overall, I would say that if you look at our 11.7% GAAP margin this year we should be able to increase that maybe 40 basis points, 50 basis points next year. 
Chris Quilty: Okay and I mean youve had good improvement in the Aero-Defense segment margin wise. Are the current margin levels sustainable? 
Robert Mehrabian: We believe so. 
Chris Quilty: Okay. 
Robert Mehrabian: And you have never had seen me be so bullish about anything, but I am. 
Chris Quilty: Thats good. Another question just regarding DALSA, did you give the organic growth rate? I may have missed that. 
Robert Mehrabian: Its about 10% 
Chris Quilty: Okay. And regarding the buyback plan? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes 
Chris Quilty: I guess you had mentioned that was sort of a trade off between the M&A opportunities and obviously the stock price. Have you seen any improvement in the pricing or valuations in M&A or would you be more inclined towards repurchase as a way to deploy the cash? 
Robert Mehrabian: Both, we will buy back stock as the opportunity comes our way. As we have announced we are out to buy 1.5 million shares. We have only bought about 650. On the other hand, we are seeing some opportunities in M&A right now. Interestingly enough, we like properties that we see especially in Canada like, where we got DALSA. And so we expect to be active there too.  As Dale mentioned we do have about $500 million that we have access to and were generating really healthy cash. As you noted, we generated over $220 million this year. 
Chris Quilty: Final question regarding energy, I know most of your activities are focused on the offshore. So I guess a two part question here. Do you have opportunities in the fracking market, which seems to be one of the faster growing areas and alternatively the growth of that type of energy extraction take away from the growth in the offshore? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah, I dont think it will take away from the offshore at all. We do participate a little bit in the fracking, you will see us increase our participation there both from our capability to offer product on the top side as well as use some of our environmental instruments, which of course as you know are in need there. 
 So we see that being very positive for us and as you know thats primarily at least gas or very heavy oil in this country. In deep water energy production, we dont see any slacking of that, actually the most recent data that I have looked at shows that the Christmas trees which are the structures that sit at the ocean bottom.
 The number of them from 2011 to 2012 should go somewhere from 350 to about 600 and thats very positive and a lot of that is deep water, which is where we excel and we have a whole bunch of new products including high power feed-throughs that can carry 6000 volts and over 200 amps. So were very bullish about that area. 
Chris Quilty: Great, thank you for the comments. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. 
Operator: Now well go to Robert Patrick with Cardinal Capital. Please go ahead. 
Robert Kirkpatrick: Good morning. Could you explain to us why CapEx is going to be going from kind of the $40 million to $60 million number? Are there certain opportunities youre trying to take advantage or you just more bullish on the American economy, the world economy? Help us understand that a little bit better please. 
Robert Mehrabian: Theres two primary reasons. One, as weve indicated before we are developing large capabilities in our DALSA semiconductor facility in our Vermont facility, to begin production of uncooled long wavelength infrared products. And those would be VOx based and were making commitment to capital there. 
 The second is that historically because of all the acquisitions that we have made and all the various businesses that we have. We have put together a series of ERP systems that are not the most efficient for a company that is now evolved to where we are. So were going to probably invest somewhere about $10 million or so next year in upgrading our ERP system across the company and that kind of investment would continue over a number of years. 
Robert Kirkpatrick: And would there be operating expenses associated with that as well, that are substantial the later one, the ERP upgrade? 
Robert Mehrabian: No, I dont believe so. There are some expenses, those would be offset by savings as we go forward. Net-net overtime I think that would pay for itself, because as you improve your ERP systems, you reduce the number of things that you have to do to get the financials up. 
Robert Kirkpatrick: Okay. And then maybe a question for Dale specifically. Your pension expense this year and your projection for it next year, as it runs through the income statement? 
Dale Schnittjer: Well, as we pointed out in our Q for 2010, the pension expense associated with the 25 basis point change in the discount rate goes up by $2.2 million. So you can calculate what the difference would be in expense associated with a discount rate change. 
Robert Kirkpatrick: Super, thank you so much. 
Operator: Well go to Kevin Ciabattoni with KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kevin Ciabattoni: Good morning, guys. 
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning. 
Kevin Ciabattoni: Looking first at specifically the OSF and SEAL Delivery Vehicle. Youve mentioned I think last quarter you saw the OSF at kind of $30 million to $40 million for next year running about $8 million plus a quarter. Is that still the case? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah, I would say about $8 million a quarter. Could be a little more, and the SWCS, which is the delivery vehicles, next year it is going to probably be still in the development phase, about $12 million to $15 million. 
Kevin Ciabattoni: Okay, thats helpful. And then looking at the DALSA business, at their kind of more commercial industrial end markets, what did you see there in the quarter and what are you looking at for 12 in terms of  I guess kind of directionally? 
Robert Mehrabian: I think in the first quarter, were looking at first and may be part of the second quarter. Were looking at reduced sales in our standard products, which are going to lets say flat panel display inspection. We think that will pick up later in the year. We think that in the special products that we develop for our customers, we have a whole suite of products that are specially developed for customers, where they pay for NRE, there were going to do fine. We have a lot of projects underway. And as I indicated before, the X-ray area is going to be really our big growth area. We expect that area to substantially grow year-over-year.
 To summarize short-term, we think semiconductor is going to be semiconductor inspection flat panel. Even though we do play in the tablet computers thats not sufficient to make up for the flat panel display. Were going to see a positive in Asia, in security maybe slightly negative in Europe in semiconductors. 
Kevin Ciabattoni: Okay. And that X-ray business that you guys are funding is any of that R&D customer funded there? 
Robert Mehrabian: Oh, yes. 
Kevin Ciabattoni: Okay. 
Robert Mehrabian: Frequently. 
Kevin Ciabattoni: Okay. And then lastly, youd mentioned that you were seeing some improvement in the M&A kind of pipeline, is it fair to say you guys would be looking at more commercially focused acquisition there and continuing to shift away from the government defense business? 
Robert Mehrabian: Thats very fair. 
Kevin Ciabattoni: Okay, thats all I had. Thanks. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. 
Operator: We have a follow-up from Jeremy Devaney from BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Jeremy Devaney: Hey, Robert, I just wanted to circle back. Earlier youd said you were on a consolidated basis, you are looking for about 40 to 50 bps increased EBIT margin. And you were also talking about the ERP system that youre going to begin putting into place. Are those two tied together? What are you seeing as the largest driver of that margin expansion, really? 
Robert Mehrabian: Its not the ERP system. I can assure you of that. The ERP system will pay for itself, hopefully if we do everything right. The margin improvement is primarily because of the shift in our product mix. First, shift in the commercial domain to higher margin businesses, the instruments, oil and gas, international.
 Second, even in our defense businesses, we are moving more towards higher value-added products, the kinds of things that OSF and submersible vehicles for troops, gliders and also for data link to UAVs battlefield communication. And finally, I think in the commercial aerospace, we are bullish on that area only because most of our products are communication devices, data acquisition and wireless communication for commercial aircraft. And there we own significant chunks of the market, in things like the 737, 777 and those are where we see our margin improvements coming. 
Jeremy Devaney: Hey, thats fair. Continues to be very granular than do you see the instrumentation business being able to go 20% plus margin next quarter and within the engineered systems business, do you think thats going to be 9% plus? 
Robert Mehrabian: This year, the instrumentation business was 19.9% to be exact. We think it will remain around there [19.9%, 20%] over the next year. Those are healthy margins because we are also investing in R&D there. On the engineered systems, we think that will probably go down somewhat, its a little over 9%, it will probably go down to a little over 8%, and frankly the guidance that weve given out today as you saw is as usual it takes all the risk into consideration and we dont have for example any - in our engineered system business. We dont have any revenue baked in for our USEC nuclear manufacturing that goes for that business in there. So those margins would be a little under pressure. 
Jeremy Devaney: And you actually brought up, one last good question; I dont want to hog all the good questions here. But USEC, where do we stand today, I know weve seen some press releases out of  their entity, but it seems like it got pushed out of the budget for 12. What are you seeing, Robert? 
Robert Mehrabian: They got a little funding release. They got $44 million recently for some of the reserves that they had for the nuclear products. They may get some reprogram money for development and I think they are positive about that. From our perspective, the way we run this company as you know historically we dont count on things we dont know about, and so thats not in our budget right now. 
Jeremy Devaney: Is that $30 million to $40 million a year if and when it comes through at full rate? 
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah, I mean, its not in our projections. I cant, you know with this administration, you cant put things like that in the projection. 
Jeremy Devaney: Thanks Bob. Thanks for all the detail. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there are no questions in queue. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much operator. Ill now turn the call over to Jason to conclude it. 
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert and thanks everyone for joining us on the call this morning. And if you do have follow-up questions, please feel free to contact me at the number on the earnings release. Operator, if you could give us the replay information and then conclude the call wed appreciate it. Thanks again. 
Operator: Sure will. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 12 oclock pm today running through February 26 until midnight. You may access the AT&T Replay System at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701 or 1-320-365-3844 and when prompted enter the access code of 222575. Those numbers again 1-800-475-6701 or 1-320-365-3844, access code 222575.
 That does conclude the conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-30 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - VP, Corporate Development and Investor Relations Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President and CEO Dale Schnittjer - SVP and CFO John Kuelbs - EVP, General Counsel and Secretary
Analysts: Peter Skibitski - SunTrust Mark Jordan - Noble Financial Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus Chris Quilty - Raymond James Jeremy Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Teledyne Technologies Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. Now I turn the conference to Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: This is Jason VanWees, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations at Teledyne Technologies. I would like to welcome everyone to Teledyne Technologies third quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market open. Joining me today are Teledyne Technologies Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian, Senior Vice President and CFO, Dale Schnittjer and Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, John Kuelbs. After remarks by Robert and Dale we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and of course actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures this call is also simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via webcast and dial-in will be available for approximately one month. Heres Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Before commenting on the specific results within our segment, I have some general comments about our businesses and about our performance in the third quarter.  First our businesses performed strongly in the quarter, driven by growth in our commercial markets. Total sales increased 3.4% with 10.2% sales growth in the Electronics and Communications segment led by 17% growth in our commercial instrumentation businesses. Operating margin increased 39 basis points to 10.6% despite $3 million of pretax acquisition relative cost, which negatively affect that margin by 68 basis points. While earnings per share were lowered than the third quarter of last year, please note our last years earnings included $0.25 of tax credit versus just positive $0.03 of net operating items this quarter, i.e., $0.08 of tax credit offset by $0.05 of acquisition-related cost. Also total orders were strong in the quarter exceeding sales by almost 9.5%. In fact quarter funded backlog was $884 million just high of record level of $891 million in the second quarter of 2008, thats before of course the global financial crisis. Second, during the quarter we want some significant contracts. As example, Teledyne Scientific or research laboratory was awarded the single largest contract in the businesses history at $25 million DARPA contract known as EXACTO. The purpose of the program is to develop and demonstrate an actively-guided maneuverable 50-caliber bullet capable of addressing moving targets at extreme ranges in high winds. Also in the marine domain last week our Engineered Systems segment assisted by Marine Instrumentation businesses was awarded with contract by the US Navy Special Operations Command for phase 1 of the design and development of Shallow Water Combat Submersible a replacement vehicle for the current naval sea delivery system. The additional contract is just value at $1.2 million, but is awarded to Teledyne, the entire contract including engineering, development and production phases could be worth up to $400 million over five years. Third, we closed two acquisitions during the quarter. The acquisitions of Intelek Plc further expanded our capabilities and microwave systems, especially for commercial customers. We also recently acquired the manufacturer of Gavia Autonomous Underwater Vehicle or AUV. The Gavia AUV system broadens our portfolio of autonomous marine vehicle system as the detection and surveying capabilities of this AUV complements our current marine glider systems used for long-term sensing and observation including the Littoral Battlespace Sensing-Gliders for the US Navy. Finally, in September we funded $250 million private placement of senior notes at a weighted average interest rate of 4.8% ad our current $590 million bank line is virtually undrawn. We freed our bank line not only because fixed rate are low at the present time, but because our current pipeline of complementary potential acquisition is nearly the largest in the company history. Now turn to our business segment and the third quarter performance. Third quarter sales in our Electronics and Communications segment as I noted increased by 10.2% and segments operating profit increased 9.1%. On a GAAP basis segment operating margin decreased 13 basis points. However, the quarters margin was negatively impacted by 92 basis points due to the $3 million pre-tax acquisition-related costs that I mentioned earlier. In the third quarter, sales of Defense Electronics increased 5.7% primarily driven by acquisition and as I mentioned earlier sales for our electronic instrumentation businesses increased 17% to approximately $150 million mainly due to 22.7% increase in sales of marine instrumentation primarily resulting from strong sales of geophysical sensors, our oil exploration as well as subsea interconnect system. Global subsea oil production capital expenditures remain stable especially in West Africa, South America and Asia. In addition, in our environmental monitoring instrument and industrial instrumentation businesses, sales increased 10% and 5% respectively in the quarter. Finally, sales for our Avionic and Other Commercial Electronics businesses increased for the first time in two-and-half years led by growth in our electronic relays and avionics businesses. Turning to our Engineered System segment, in the third quarter the expected revenue decreased of about 18%, reflected lower sales from nuclear manufacturing, missile defense engineering and NASA programs partially offset by our growing capabilities in real-time distributed testing and other software programs. While operating profit decreased 10.3%, operating margin increased 292 basis points to near record level. Currently, most of our nuclear manufacture in relates to USECs American Centrifuge Project. In late July 2010 USEC updated this application for a long guarantee to the partner of energy. In anticipation of favorable judgment by the DOE USEC began the mobilization of project in early September. As a consequence, we anticipate some additional sales in the fourth quarter of this year. Should the long guarantee be approved, this could result in $25 million of additional revenue for Teledyne in 2011. Turning to our Engineered, Aerospace Engines and Components segment sales increased 11.8% compared to last year. We reported an operating income of $1 million versus an operating income of $1.2 million in third quarter of 2009. The 2009 $1.2 million was primarily due to reduction in certain insurance reserves. In the general aviation market, demand for less expensive OEM piston aircraft typically beat recoveries. While still only half of the 2008 volume, quarter sales of engines to aircraft OEMs increased for the third consecutive quarter and improved 80% over the third quarter of 2009. In addition, we continue to invest in new product development such as the Turbo Diesel Engine in order to increase overseas sales particularly in Asia. For your reference, there are less than 1,000 general aviation aircraft in China at the moment, compared to over 200,000 in North America. Finally, in our Energy and Power Systems segments sales decreased about 18.4% compared to last year, as a result of reduced revenue from turbine engines for the Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile or JASSM. JASSM engine sales are expected to resume late this year and to continue through 2011.
 : In conclusion, business in each of our major commercial market continued to recover nicely in 2010. In the third quarter, sales related to energy exploration and production, power generation, air and water quality monitoring and commercial aviation all increased compared to last year. Going forward, we intend to continue investing in our instrumentation businesses, especially in the marine, electro-optical and infrared imaging domain, as well as perhaps expand our nuclear manufacturing capabilities. I will now turn the call over to Dale Schnittjer.
Dale Schnittjer: I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert and then I will discuss our 2010 outlook. On cash flow in the third quarter, cash provided from operating activities was $23.7 million compared with $46.9 million with the same period of 2009. The lower operating cash flow reflects a tough comparison with last year and increased working capital requirements including higher deferred accounts receivable. Free cash flow for the third quarter of 2010 was $16.8 million compared with $37.6 million for 2009. We made voluntary pension contributions of $37 million in each of the third quarters of the 2010 and 2009. Adjusting for pension contributions net of taxes, free cash flow was $39.3 million in the third quarter of 2010, and was 30% greater than net income. Capital expenditures were $6.9 million in the third quarter compared with $9.3 million for the same period of 2009. Depreciation and amortization expense was $12.6 million in the quarter compared with $10.2 million last year. We ended the quarter with $242 million of net debt. Our balance sheet remains strong with net debt-to-capital ratio of 24.2%. Our credit facility has $590 million of bank commitments and expires in July of 2011. We recently began the process to renew the credit facility. As Robert mentioned in September, we funded a private placement of $250 million of senior unsecured debt. The notes have a weighted average interest rate of 4.8% and consisted $75 million with 5-year maturity, $100 million with 7-year maturity and $75 million with 10-year maturity. The proceeds were used to pay down the existing revolving credit facility, because the borrowing cost of our floating rate bank debt was roughly 75 basis points and the senior fixed rate notes are at 4.8%. We expect higher interest expense in the fourth quarter of 2010 and the full year of 2011. On pension, in the third quarter of 2010 gross pension expense was $1.3 million compared with gross pension expense of $5.7 million in the same period of 2009. Net pension income after recovery of allowable cost pursuant to the Government Cost Accounting Standards or CAS was $1.1 million in the third quarter of 2010 compared with $2.6 million of net pension expense in the third quarter of 2009. On stock option, stock option compensation expense was $1.2 million in the third quarter of 2010 compared with $1.3 million in the third quarter of 2009. Now let me turn to the 2010 outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2010 will be in the range of $0.78 to $0.81. We expect full year 2010 earnings per share of approximately $3.06 to $3.09, an increase from our previous outlook of $2.95 to $3.0. Regarding our pension for the full year 2010, we anticipated approximately $5.2 million of gross pension expense under FAS 87 and FAS 158. However, given recovery of allowable pension costs from our CAS covered government contracts, we expect net pension income of $4.4 million or $0.07 per share in 2010, compared to $0.17 per share of net pension expense in 2009. The decrease in full year 2010 pension expense reflects higher investment returns and the impact of pension contributions made since 2007. In addition, as many other companies have mentioned this earnings season as a result of the current low interest rate environment, we could face a fairly substantial reduction in our discount rate used for pension accounting. A potential 100% basis point reduction from our current discount rate of 6.25% could result in a $0.20 negative earning per share impact in 2011. Finally, as a reminder full year 2009 earning per share included $0.42 of tax credits mostly related to non-recurring prior period research and development tax credits. For the full year of 2010, we expect capital expenditures of approximately $30 million and depreciation and amortization expense of approximately $46 million. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: We would like to now take your questions, operator if you are ready to proceed with questions-and-answers, please go ahead.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from line of Peter Skibitski with SunTrust.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust: I may have missed this, but I was just wondering what drove the tax gain this quarter?
Dale Schnittjer: The main driver for the improvement in the tax rate was the additional pickup in the federal R&D tax credit through 2000 to 2005. That was actually some interest on the return. We also had the impact of the 2006 R&D tax credit.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust: Will it go back to a normalized 37% or so in Q4?
Dale Schnittjer: Normalized would be closer to 38.5%.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust: Then can you give us any sense of your initial outlook for 2011 yet?
Dale Schnittjer: We are not prepared to do that at this time.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust: Okay. I tell you what, in terms of how you think about things right now. I know the price of oil has been a bit on the rise, it sounds like it positively impacted your Marine Instrumentation Unit here in this past quarter. Do you sense that the outlook is pretty strong over the next 12 months for you guys in that unit given where oil is right now?
Robert Mehrabian: Pete, in general the outlook is going to be similar to what we enjoying now. The only negative is there is one is the halt in the oil production in the Gulf of Mexico, but as you look forward into 2011 about 35% of subsea capital expenditures are what people refer to as trees, subsea trees that are put on well heads is going to be from Petrobras and they are very good customers of ours. We should be okay.
Operator: Question from Mark Jordan with Noble Financial.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial: You had mentioned that there is the opportunity for the Centrifuge business to rebound and if we make the assumption that it does come back and you get the incremental $25 million in revenue out of that. Is that sufficient to offset the erosion created by the OCI issues and declining NASA revenue in that group next year?
Robert Mehrabian: Good question. Probably not because the $25 million or so that really has to offset about Id say $50 million or so in detriment. Its not just missile defense, but NASA in a state of flux as you know. If we have some positive optic on the NASA especially since we have good engineering program that may work the way you described it, but right now as I look at it, it probably wouldnt cover all of it.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial: You mentioned in your wish list of areas, where you would like to invest in Marine Instruments, Nuclear, you did not mention Defense Electronics. Do you feel is that a function of not having good targets out there or do you think that market will be more under pressure given budgetary issues over the next year or so?
Robert Mehrabian: Mark, I feel that we are well situated in the Defense Electronics domain. As you know we are not very platform dependent in that area and we have some very strong programs and favorable trends in UAV communication, in the EXACTO program that I mentioned, in our glider programs. Having said that, it would be prudent for a company like ours, over a period of time to decrease our dependence on defense. Right now we are about I would say somewhere between 46% and 47% defense dependence. A big junk of that is of course our Defense Electronics.
far sized:
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial: Final question for Dale relative to the bank lines, it looks like that your existing bank line, looks like it is LIBOR plus about 50. Could you guess as to what the spread will be when you renegotiate your lines?
Dale Schnittjer: The spread will be between 175 and 200 basis points.
Robert Mehrabian:  Does that help mark?
Operator: Next question is from Steve Levenson with Stifel Nicolaus.
Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus: On the potential replacement for the SEAL Delivery Vehicle, is that all development work or is that something Teledyne could actually build in the future? Or would you have to partner up with a shipyard?
Robert Mehrabian: Well, we will partner up with someone perhaps not the shipyard, but we also can build a significant part of that because we do have large manufacturing capabilities. As you know, a lot of our Marine Instrumentation businesses are really going to be very helpful because we not only have the senses, but we have the various programs to make that happen. The answer is, we will have a partner, but we can build it ourselves mostly too.
Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus: In relation to Marine Instrumentation on the commercial side, as rig count increases should your sales grow at an accelerated rate beyond changes in the rig count or more evenly?
Robert Mehrabian:
 : The other side is that because of the hiatus in the Gulf of Mexico there is going to be more requirement as you well know in controlling the wellheads being able to detect any irregularities and that would also favor us.
 :
Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus: Last one you mentioned Electro-Optical a little bit and you have made some recent acquisitions and investments. Do you think you got gimbal product, for example, that can challenge some of the incumbents on contracts that are up for re-completes?
Robert Mehrabian: Our gimbal product at least the one that we are working with the Optical Alchemy is on the smaller scale. As you know, gimbals varying size from 6 to 7 inches up to 24 to 30 inches in size. The one that is Optical Alchemy has developed and is actually now in production on is the very small size gimbal. For small UAVs and its a very interesting system because its not only the small gimbal that initially stabilize, but it also is able to give geo-referenced positions, that is you not only provide information, but you also provide targets specific locations. We will make some inroads there, but I do not know if we would be replacing any of the large existing platforms. On the other hand we are also working very hard to get our own cameras and lenses, so that we will be able to offer a cool platform as well as some software there.
Operator: Next question is from Chris Quilty with Raymond James.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Robert, can you talk about two big programmatic changes with NASA? Constellation and it looks like the Ares I is going away and move towards some commercial launch and maybe a new Ares V heavy lift. How all of that impacts you and presumably that is all in your guidance? Actually we will hit that and I will ask a second.
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start with NASA. There is uncertainty. Let me start. There is a whole lot of uncertainty about the exploration program specially the Constellation, where we have a strong position. Overall our NASA programs last year were close to $100 million. This year they are going to be closer to $80 million. It is down about $20 million from there. As you said, funding for Ares I have been reduced by 50% and that might even be further reduced. On the other hand there is a heavy lift vehicle and Orion Spacecraft, which we can participate in. We are also pretty positioned to capitalize on any changes in the Human Space Flight program because we have a very flexible task order, set of contracts we brought scope and because we didnt told any large prime contracts for hardware development. The future is not as clear as it can be, but there are some compromises being considered between Congress and the White House. Once thats done, we should do okay since we do have a lot of capabilities and we can participate in the heavy launch vehicle development, robotic precursor mission as well as spacecraft development, so all in all will be okay.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: You think next year is flattish?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I would think flattish except this there were some significant new developments will hold our own.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: The second question on the GMD program, that is up for bid on the follow-on sustainment contract. You are just teamed with the Boeing incumbent?
Robert Mehrabian: Actually, we used to be, but right now we are with Lockheed as a second tier sub in some of that work. We have a number of programs there as you know. We also have of course work with Boeing as well. We have two pieces there. One of them is, in the missile defense development and the other one is in the part of our work that is SETA work with the systems engineering and technical assistance. Both of those programs have declined. We dont expect that those programs would improve significantly just to give you Chris ballpark number. Last year we had about $136 million in total, among all of these programs in revenue. This year we expect it to be closer to $100 million. If we can hold that, we would be fortunate. Thats why I said earlier that really we have to reduce our dependence on defense programs as going forward as a company because as you and I will know it is not possible to expect significant investments in this program considering the status of our deficit nationally.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: The migration of that program as it stands now, they have stopped putting GDIs in holes and they are moving on towards more of a testing phase. Wouldnt you benefit from a higher level of operational tests?
Robert Mehrabian: In general you are absolutely correct. On the other hand the increases in GMD for example, the $300 million that took it to $1.3 million thats primarily aimed at preserving supply chain capabilities and that one effects us positively because that will again be used for hardware procurement. You are right. The more they move towards, they seem to better that is for it so thats why I said we might be able to hold our own in this program.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: In your Environmental Test Equipment, have you yet felt the free flow of TARP money help in any of your end-markets there?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Are you laughing?
Robert Mehrabian: You may have asked me that question before. Well, lets see, how should I answer that. Without being political I would say, no.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Final question here, the glider business, A, have you bought up every glider company that exists yet and B, can you give us a sense of what the run rate of those businesses are today and what the opportunity might be? Is it just the proliferation of dozens and dozens of these things into the ocean keeps the growth going or is it more of a service to maintain the number of gliders that exist today?
Robert Mehrabian: There are two parts. First, let me correct, we havent bought all the underwater vehicle businesses. There is one at least big one out there that we know of. Having said that, there are a number of different sets of underwater vehicles as you know, glider is one and Ill come back to that in a second. These underwater systems called floats, which at about 3,000 of those across the world that essentially measures temperature conductivity or salinity density and relay that information to a satellite and various researchers use that. There are the gliders, there is a floats and then there is the underwater vehicles that are powered. Those come in to domains. One are tethered that is they have an umbilical cord and the second are free and those are powered by usually a lithium batteries. To answer your question, our underwater vehicle business is still relatively small its about $30 million. What is in terms of glider deployment the biggest program that we currently have is the one I mentioned earlier, which is the battleship, in front of the battleship they deploy gliders to be able to battleship, I should say, they deploy gliders to be able to detect and measures temperature and density so that they can accurately then resolve chronic signals. In that program is in early development and testing now and it has been very successful and that program in itself could have as many as a 100 gliders in this total. The navy is testing those. In the next week off the San Diego coast. Thats a $55 million program by itself. Lets see. Thats about I can say and of course we are not only investing before in gliders because we want to have gliders and UAVs because we also have so many different sensors we want to have a truck to be able to add our sensors and test them collectively so others can also deploy them in their systems. I hope that answers the question.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: It does and actually just a follow-up on Marks question about the mini-sub program. I guess the actual news I had seen today was that the SEALs were canceling their SEAL Delivery Vehicle follow-on program is that?
Robert Mehrabian: Not that I know off. I have not seen that. I know we were awarded this program only last week and it maybe that they are stopping production of the existing system, but not future.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: The legacy AFSPS?
Robert Mehrabian: I do not know the name, Chris. I do know that this new program was competitively bid and there were two winners for the first stage. Hold on a second. Thats a sub. Im being told that you mentioned is a sub.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Yes. That was the dry vehicle.
Robert Mehrabian: This is not.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Got it. Just want to make sure.
Robert Mehrabian: Ours is flooded.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: On purposes, you should say.
Robert Mehrabian: On purpose.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. Thats good. Alright, thanks guys.
Operator: Next question is from Peter Skibitski with SunTrust.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust: Im just curious maybe you could make some comments on how pricing is trending? I guess specifically in the Electronics segment.
Robert Mehrabian: In the defense side of the electronics there is going to be continuous pressure on reducing prices from the primes. On the other hand, we have scaled our company as a whole including that business, so that our breakeven points have gone down, costs have gone down. We havent been adding people like many other companies. Our cost structure is fairly stable. We should be okay there. There is anything that goes of course overseas now the dollar is trending in a direction thats favorable to us.
Peter Skibitski - SunTrust: On the commercial side, you are seeing more favorable pricing I suppose?
Robert Mehrabian: I think so. Especially if it is exporter related because of the cheaper dollar.
Peter Skibitski  SunTrust: Robert, anything bid in terms of competitive opportunities out there over the next 12 months like the Shallow Water Combat Submersible?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, we had actually bidding on a number of programs especially in the nuclear domain, which might be favorable. There is a program as I mentioned we have some very strong software capabilities in our Engineered Systems. One program that we are bidding on is the objective simulation framework program. Its a software intensive program that could have a substantial affect on us if we were the winners.
Peter Skibitski  SunTrust: Are you bidding as prime?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, we are and thats why so exciting and of course we have talked about USEC. I will take on that.
Operator: We have a question from Jeremy Devaney with BB&T Capital Markets.
Jeremy Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets: Actually Robert I wanted to go back to USEC. I apologize if you have already spoken on it. Im bouncing between two calls here. I wanted to explore USEC a little bit more. Are you still anticipating when that program comes live that it would be on the order of $10 million to $11 million a quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: You are right maybe a little less. I would say $30 million to $35 million a year. There was 1news out of USEC only last night, I just forgot to mention. It seems that is a positive development with the DOE. DOEs evaluation of their loan guarantee proposal has two faces. There is a technical face and financial phase in the evaluation. Their news release said that they had been given instructions on a framework, which sounded like it was going for the financial. It warmer to look at it more positively one can assume that is technical parts of their program has been they made a lot of progress on what else I guess they wouldnt go to the financial part. Their announcement that they have made significant progress with DOE vis--vis there are too busy in loan guarantee. Its positive news for us too.
Jeremy Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets: That certainly is positive. Then separately I was wondering, I had a discussion with someone recently about some of the alternative energy initiatives going on over at DOD. I was wondering if you had explored all of the positioning of your hydrogen generators in relation to DODs fossil fuel consumption and what you think your opportunities are there to leverage your alterative energy into DOD?
Robert Mehrabian: Im not sure really about that. We have some small contracts with DOE, not DOD. These are R product e-contracts. We also have some other work with government agencies with our alternative fuel programs. I just dont see it. They talk about these programs, but I just dont see them
Jeremy Devaney - BB&T Capital Markets: Alright, great. Thank you for the answers and keep up the good work.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions in queue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Paul. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert. Again thank you everyone for joining us morning. If you have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me, my number is on the earnings release. Operator, if you would go ahead and give the replay information and then conclude the call. We appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 am Pacific Time today through midnight Pacific Time on November 28th. You may access the AT&T Executive Replay Service at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701 entering the access code 167791. International participants dial 320-365-3844 and access code 167791.  That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - VP, Corporate Development and IR Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President, CEO Dale Schnittjer - SVP, CFO
Analysts: Mark Jordan - Noble Financial Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets Steve Levenson - Stifel Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to thank you for standing by and welcome to the Teledyne Technologies second quarter earning teleconference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today's call will be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your facilitator, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead, sir.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice President Corporate Development and Investor Relations at Teledyne Technologies. I'd like to welcome you to Teledyne Technologies second quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne Technologies' Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Dale Schnittjer; and Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, John Kuelbs. After remarks by Robert and Dale we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and, of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both by a webcast and dial-in will be available for about one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian:  Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Before commenting on the specific results of our individual businesses, I have some general observations about our markets and performance during the second quarter. First, our commercial businesses continued to recovery nicely in the quarter. As a result of strong sales growth and margin improvement in our Environment and Monitoring and Marine Instrumentation businesses increased operating profit more than offset various charges in our Electronics and Communication segment. Our commercial aerospace businesses also performed well with increased sales and significantly improved margins, especially within our avionics business, Teledyne Controls. Second, with regard to our government businesses, sales of defense electronics increased in the quarter and we expect continued growth, especially due to our recent acquisitions of Optimum Optical and Intelek, which will expand our product portfolio and capabilities in the military imaging and microwave communication markets. As we have discussed in the past, the declines in our Engineered Systems segment were fully expected primarily due to lower sales of Missile Defense Engineering Services as a result of budget cuts and the lack of a loan guarantee for one of our customers in the nuclear domain. Negative comparisons in this business will persist through the end of 2010. However, as we mentioned in our last earnings call, we are optimistic about some recovery in 2011 due to our belief of greater financing possibility for the American Centrifuge Nuclear Enrichment Project. Finally, with growth of our high-margin commercial businesses, more than offsetting declines in our government business, year-over-year GAAP earnings per share increased 13%. Now, I'll turn to our business segment and the Q2 performance. Second quarter sales in our Electronics and Communications segment increased 6.1% compared to last year and segment operating profit increased 4.3%. On a GAAP basis, segment operating margin decreased 25 basis points. However, this quarter's margin was negatively impacted by over 250 basis points due to charges and acquisition-related fees. Excluding these items, segment operating margin would have been at record levels. Sales of Defense Electronics, which comprise about 45% of this segment, increased slightly compared to the second quarter of 2009. Growth in this business area was primarily driven by increased sales of microwave devices and the outlook for these products remains steady with continued new business opportunities in Defense Communication as well as Counter IED applications. Earlier this week we completed the acquisition of Intelek plc, a public company in the UK, whose satellite and microwave communication businesses are highly complementary with Teledyne. In particular, Paradise Datacom, an Intelek company headquartered in State College, Pennsylvania, provides high-power solid state amplifiers and modems for commercial customers which complement Teledyne's strong position in broadband high-power traveling wave tubes and lower-power solid state subsystems primarily for military customers. By combining our capabilities, we believe that Teledyne will be able to offer an enhanced range of high-powered traveling wave tubes and as well as the gallium arsenide and gallium nitride based solid state amplifier systems for communication, radar and electronic warfare applications. In our infrared and digital imaging businesses, we've been steadily involving from historically a producer of space-based focal plane arrays into a provider of subsystems, instruments and full camera products. As part of this strategy, in March of this year, we acquired a minority stake in Optical Alchemy and also received an option to acquire the company in the future. Because of Optical Alchemy's inertially stabilized gimbal systems are very small and light, they're especially well-suited for UAV applications. In June we acquired Optimum Optical, a manufacturer of custom lenses and optomechanical assemblies for infrared, visible and ultraviolet spectrums. Their products are primarily using tactical military imaging systems found in a variety of defense platforms including a number of small UAV systems. These capabilities in lens and optomechanical systems are strategically positioned between our new products and the complete gimbal systems designed and manufactured by Optical Alchemy. Turning to our electronic instrumentation businesses, which also are comprised of 45% of the revenue in this segment, second quarter sales increased 13.7% from [$136.2] million to $165 million mainly due to a 17% increase in sales of marine instrumentation resulting from particularly strong sales of geophysical sensors for oil exploration. In addition, sales of environmental monitoring instruments and industrial instruments increased 11% and 5% respectively. Following the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, some projects for offshore production systems were delayed and sales in this area declined slightly. However, global (inaudible) production remains stable particularly due to ongoing demand in West Africa, South America and Asia. While the oil spill impacted our marine production business, we believe that we may benefit in the long term due to demand for more sophisticate monitoring systems including pressure and corrosion sensors, additional electrical and optical interconnects and new sensors for blowout preventers, or BOPs. We also believe that there may be opportunities to increase sales of ocean current monitoring systems and autonomous gliders and flows. As it relates to the Gulf spill, a number of our products have been involved in the repair and cleanup efforts. For example, the remotely operated vehicles, or ROVs, used for work at the wellhead, typically employ our Doppler velocity logs in their dynamic positioning system for stability in the presence of ocean currents. Several Teledyne autonomous robotic gliders have been deployed in the Gulf of Mexico to monitor the oil spill using optical sensors. Finally, we were recently notified that the capping stack used to restrain the well in the Gulf uses Teledyne oil and gas pressure sensors to measure the pressure in the wellhead cap. In addition, connections to these sensors are made via our wet mateable connectors. In the subsea defense sector, the business also remains strong. The US Navy continues to purchase new Virginia class submarines to retire aging Los Angeles class subs. Finally, the remaining 10% of the revenue in this segment comes from our avionics and our other commercial electronics businesses. Sales for these businesses collectively decreased about 3% compared to last year. Growth in our relays and avionics businesses nearly offset the decline in sales of telecommunications subsystems and electronic manufacturing services where we've stopped taking orders because these businesses are becoming commoditized. Due to healthy performance of our avionics and electronics relay businesses we expect to have positive comps in this business by the end of the year. Turning to our engineer system segment, revenue decreased 25% compared to last year. The decrease in sales primarily reflects the lower sales of nuclear manufacturing and missile defense engineering programs. Operating profit increased 14.9% with operating margin increasing 130 basis points. As I've stated previously, we expect to reduce sales in this segment in 2010 given the lack of a loan guarantee for our ultimate customer of nuclear gas centrifuge service margins as well as reduced government funding for some of our missile defense engineering services as well as changes in the government's policy regarding organizational conflict of interest. As it relates to the American Centrifuge Project, we are increasingly confident of a possible restart of some of our work late in this year. In Atrium, the OE announced that it was doubling loan guarantees for nuclear (inaudible) and processing. Furthermore, USEC, our ultimate customer, announced in May that Toshiba and Babcock & Wilcox had agreed to make a $200 million investment in the company strengthening its financial position. We continue to look for other opportunities to leverage our nuclear manufacturing capabilities, which include our nuclear quality system and ASME nuclear stamps. Earlier this year, we received our first contract to manufacture hardware for commercial nuclear power generation and today we've received orders exceeding $5 million. Finally, as part of the acquisition of Intelek plc mentioned earlier, Teledyne acquired the business now named Teledyne CML, located in the UK. This business manufactures precision machines and composite aero structures primarily for military and commercial aircraft. Teledyne CML, which will become part of our engineered systems segment, expands our manufacturing and precision machining businesses and also add new capabilities in composite manufacturing in this area. In our aerospace engines and components segment, sales increased 16.2% compared to last year and sales of OEM engines increased 32% while sales of after-market engines and spare parts and services increased 12.5%. During the quarter we reported an operating income of $2 million versus operating income of $700,000 last year, although this quarter's income was aided by reversal of $1.2 million of product recall and replacement reserves that were no longer needed. This was the first time since 2008 that we've seen meaningful positive comparison in engine sales for new OEM aircraft. As for the after-market, we believe the second quarter's strong gain in sales was likely aided by some restocking as distributors, and we, remain a bit cautious on the outlook for the balance of the year. Finally, we continue investing in new product development such as our turbo visual engine in order to increase sales overseas, particularly in Asia. Finally, in our energy and power system segment, sales increased 1.8% as a result of higher sales of commercial hydrogen generated and power systems for government applications as well as higher battery product sales, partially offset by reduced revenues from the Jasmine Turbine Engine Program. As I've mentioned previously, the Jasmine engine sales are expected to decline in 2010 due to a lagging production but are expected to resume late this year and continue throughout 2011. Segment operating profit increased $1.1 million during the quarter. In conclusion, our businesses, in each of our major commercial markets, have begun recovering nicely in 2010. In the second quarter, sales related to energy exploration, power generation, air and water quality monitoring and commercial aviation all increased substantially compared to last year. We are, however, withholding near-term enthusiasm given uncertainty in both energy exploration regulations and the defense and NASA budgets and the sustainability of its local economic recovery. That said, while total sales are still below pre-recession levels due in part to some expectant declines in our government businesses, GAAP, gross and operating margins are approaching peak levels. Finally, our cash flow was very strong in the quarter and we expect to continue making strategic acquisitions. I will now turn the call over to Dale Schnittjer.
Dale Schnittjer: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert. Then I will discuss our 2010 outlook. On cash flow, in the second quarter cash provided from operating activities was $46.9 million compared with $35.8 million for the same period of 2009. The higher operating cash flow was primarily due to higher net income and improved working capital partially offset by higher income tax payments. Pre-cash flow for the second quarter of 2010 was $41.7 million, compared to $31.4 million for 2009. Capital expenditures were $5.2 million in the second quarter compared with $4.4 million for the same period of 2009; and depreciation and amortization expense was $11.2 million in the quarter compared with $11.3 million last year. We ended the quarter with $200.6 million of net debt. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt to capital ratio of 21.8%. Our credit facility has $590 million of bank commitments and expires in July of 2011. We are planning to renew our credit facility prior to its scheduled maturity. In addition, during May of 2010 we entered into a no-purchase agreement providing for a private placement of $250 million of unsecured debt. The notes have a weighted average interest rate of 4.8% and consist of $75 million with a five-year maturity, $75 million with a seven-year maturity and $100 million with a 10-year maturity. The proceeds will be used to pay down the existing revolver credit facility and for general corporate purposes including acquisitions. On pension, in the second quarter of 2010 gross pension expense was $1.3 million compared with gross pension expense of $5.6 million in the same period of 2009. Net pension income after recovery of allowable costs pursuant to government cost accounting standards, or [CAD], was $1.1 million in the second quarter of 2010 compared with $2.5 million of net pension expense in the second quarter of 2009. Next on stock options, stock option compensation expense was $1.2 million in the second quarter of 2010 as well as the second quarter of 2009. Now let me turn to the 2010 outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the third quarter of 2010 will be in the range of $0.74 to $0.76. We expect full-year 2010 earnings per share of approximately $2.95 to $3, an increase from our previous outlook of $2.89 to $2.96. Regarding our pension for the full year of 2010, we currently anticipate approximately $5.2 million of gross pension expense under FAS 87 and FAS 158. However, given our recovery of allowable pension costs from our CAS-covered government contracts, we expect net pension income of $4.4 million or $0.07 per share in 2010 compared to a $0.17 per share of net pension expense in 2009. The decrease in full-year 2010 expense reflects higher investment returns and the impact of pension contributions made in 2009 and 2008. As a reminder, full-year 2009 earnings per share included $0.39 per share of prior period research and development tax credits that will not reoccur in 2010. For the full year of 2010 we expect capital expenditures of approximately $35 million and depreciation and amortization expense of approximately $46 million. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Dale. We'd now like to take your questions. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial: A question relative to margin at the systems engineer sector at 11% for the quarter; was there some extraordinary fees earned during the period, or is that a normal rate for the business that remains?
Robert Mehrabian: I think it's a partial reflection that we had pension income in that segment and it wasn't effect of any specialities.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial: But we should expect the double-digit type of operating margin potential here on that reduce revenue rate through the balance of the year?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I would say, probably, Mark, it would be in the mid-10s. There is a little product mix difference -- 11, maybe, at the high end but the mid 10.50, double-digit, yes.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial: On the electronic communications margins, you reported 12.8, but that's after the 260 basis-point hit for the acquisition-related adjustments. Adding that back, it's a margin of 15.4. Is that -- I would imagine that you would view that as an unsustainable level?
Robert Mehrabian: As much as I'd love it to be sustained at that level, I think it'll come down somewhat closer to 14% perhaps, Mark, but that's still pretty good.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial: You would look at that as at the 14% norm as a very good normalized run rate with something that probably would be difficult to improve upon?
Robert Mehrabian: Oh, no, I wouldn't say it'd be difficult to improve upon. I just think that will be the rate this year. As you well know, we're continuously changing the business mix there to improve our margin. So I think in the out years, we have to strive for higher margins.
Mark Jordan - Noble Financial:  A final question, if I may, relative to the -- as you go and renegotiate your underlying bank lines here in the coming months, do you have an idea as to what would be the rates that you would -- on the next extension?
Robert Mehrabian: The revolver -- which is I think what you're asking about -- right now the revolver is LIBOR plus about 50 basis points. What we see in the market now and we just recently met with some of our bankers, for investment grade loans like ours, revolvers like ours, it will increase from 50 basis points over LIBOR to between 175 to 200 basis points. We waited a little longer, Mark, because we've been told by various bankers that as the year progresses there might be -- rates might be a little more favorable, maybe closer to the 175 than the 200.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: So the profitability across the segments has really stabilized here. So that's good news. But I did want to talk about the $8.2 million inventory reversal charge that you took in E&C. Can we get some more information about that? It was somewhat significant, obviously, to the margin and so what's going on there?
Robert Mehrabian: Mike, in the second quarter, we recorded a noncash, pretax charge of $8.2 million. It was really to correct cost of sales that had been recorded incorrectly by the company over a number of years between 2003 and 2010. Primarily it was the result of incorrect inventory valuation at one of our business units.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: That has been remedied, going forward?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: A second question for you with regard to the data links for communications with the UAVs. Did you see any lift in order flow there in the second quarter? I think you talked about last quarter that you were expecting some activity there?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. Actually, Michael, that's a good observation. We received initial production orders for amplifiers used on the common data link upgrade for the Shadow UAV. We also received our first production order for car amplifiers based on gallium nitride technology for the IED market. We expect follow-on production orders in 2011.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: That's great news. Then just a follow-up with regard to some financial metrics here; what is the expectation for free cash flow for fiscal year '10 and do you have any initial thoughts on how free cash flow should play out, moving into '11?
Dale Schnittjer: Yes, we look at precash flow. We normally think that catch provided from operations is in the a little over $100 million and our capital is in the $35 million, $40 million area. So we would e in the $100 million area, maybe a little lower.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Is that kind of stable moving into fiscal year '11? In other words, I guess where I'm going with this is that you don't see any big changes in the way that you're seeing the working capital moving throughout the firm?
Dale Schnittjer: No, we see no big changes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Levenson - Stifel.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: In relation to the subsea instrumentation and the gliders, do you think the disaster in the Gulf is going to result in any regulation that requires more monitoring equipment? I'm curious to know if you're lobbying for something like that.
Robert Mehrabian: As you know, those regulations are coming. There has been the House Energy and Commerce Committee has reported out a Blowout Prevention Act earlier in July. It's not been enacted yet but it's been reported by a 48 to zero vote. There are many provisions in that but it also includes various asset monitoring systems for real-time increase of things like erosion, corrosion monitoring sensors. I think in the short-term the regulation, if it's enacted in the form that it's come out today, it may have, in the short term, may have a little negative effect, but I think in the longer term it will be very beneficial to us because basically it will call for more sophisticated monitoring systems including the pressure and corrosion, provisional electrical and optical interconnects and new sensors for blowout prevention. On July 14, the House Committee, I think, on Science and Technology also reported two bills to enhance US preparedness for oil spills and we are carefully following, obviously, all these legislations and overall that our gliders, our ADCPs for current monitoring, all of that is going to be positive for us.
Steve Levenson - Stifel:  So not a lot of lobbying necessary with a vote like that, I guess.
Robert Mehrabian: No, I don't think so.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: Then in relation to thermal, you've now got, really, with Optical Alchemy, a full range of products. Do you see the UAV market growing that you can increase sales and earnings there? Or is that something where you think you can take share now that you've got all the different components?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, I think where we are focusing there, Steve, is more the smaller UAVs. As you know, that market is moving faster and growing more in the smaller UAVs. So our focus has been on the Raven, Shadow, [Scan Ego], others, which would require smaller gimbals and lighter cameras. We also think there is going to be C4ISR upgrades to our existing platform. So all of those, I think, favor our small gimbal and camera and instrument capabilities. As you know, we also have in our Teledyne Scientific and Imaging information analysis capability for image analysis, which is very unique. Once you get the image that's all right but then you've got to analyze those and we have some strong capabilities there that we think will help us in that growth.
Steve Levenson - Stifel: The last item is, are these pretty much restricted for sale in the US or do you have international opportunities as well?
Robert Mehrabian: I think most of the UAV applications are US, though I must add that we probably will have opportunities with NATO and some other countries.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: A first question for you, Robert, in the past you've kind of given us a breakdown of acquisition contribution by segment. I was hoping you might be able to walk through that. I guess, this is a secondary question, which is with the recent acquisitions, can you give us an idea of where they will fall by segment? It sounds like the Intelek business is going to get split up in terms of where it's assigned.
Robert Mehrabian: There was very little revenue from acquisition in Q2 versus last year. There was about $400,000 and that was primarily from the acquisition of Optical Optimum in the Q1. But that's it -- in Q2, I should say. On the Intelek, it will get split up. The majority of it I would say out of about $40 million, about -- $50 million -- I'm sorry -- about $40 million or so, maybe a little less, would go to the electronics and communication segment and about $50 million will go to the engineered systems segment in the precision manufacturing composites capabilities in the UK, which, by the way, we find that attractive, not just because we don't currently have composite capability but also it establishes a presence for us in Europe which we don't currently enjoy in the manufacturing domain.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Is that military or commercial composites?
Robert Mehrabian: Both.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Can you just -- I mean, you've gotten a little bit more active on the M&A front. Can you give us a sense of what you're seeing out there in terms of opportunities and also acquisition multiples? When you look across, you've got a relatively broad spectrum of end markets that you can opportunistically choose from. Are there certain areas where valuations have become more attractive than others?
Robert Mehrabian: That's a good question, Chris. Without making the answer very long, there is nothing out there that's cheap, unfortunately.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: (Inaudible) cheap enough for you, Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, some of them may be. But we've never overpaid for things. But having said that, I think in general there are a large number of small opportunities that we can participate in. There's a scarcity of things that are on the larger side and the stuff that's out there usually has got a lot of hair on it. You've got to buy something. Let's say you buy something that has $100 million to $150 million in revenue but you've got to get rid of half of it. That's just not very attractive. But having said that, we are continuously looking in three areas: first, marine; second, the whole area of optics and imaging. I think with the acquisition of Intelek -- and there are two things that are opening up for us. One of them is, of course, this whole area of satellite communication and communication in general. The other one that we would like to move into more aggressively is the nuclear manufacturing domain because we think that's a good area for Teledyne because of our quality systems and the nuclear stamps that we have, which are kind of a good asset for us.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Switching gears, the electronic instruments business, for several quarters now, we've seen the exit of the telecom and the EMS business as something that's been a drag. Are we many quarters removed from the point where that will cease to be a noticeable item?
Robert Mehrabian: That's a good question. What we -- in Q2 we -- if you look at where we are from last year, we had maybe over $8 million in revenue in that area. We are down to $2.5 million now and I think that will probably go down a little more but it's not going to be much more of a drag because we basically aren't taking any orders there. I would think the rest of the year the relays and avionics will give us positive comps in that area.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates:  Teledyne Imaging, I mean, that was one of your bigger acquisitions, or it was your biggest in the last five years. You did get -- subsequent to that you had the nice contract for the laser eye protection but on the more historic side of that, some of the space imaging and whatnot. I know, difficult competition ongoing. Can you give us an update on where that acquisition sits a couple of years out in terms of its performance and also what you see in terms of the opportunities on a go-forward basis?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, there are two parts to it. First, there's one part of it that has to do with Teledyne Scientific, which is our research arm fundamentally. That has been very effective for us from a multiple domain. First, there are a number of products that have been developed in Scientific that have found their way into our businesses. For example, they have a very strong materials program and a lot of our oil and gas customers are looking for long-term projections of underwater performance of materials. They are lending a tremendous amount of help to our oil and gas businesses. But also, both in the communication area, they have a lot of DARFA contracts, very successful as well as in various new programs like our atomic clock -- or very small atomic clock, in the guided bullet program that you may have heard about and others. So that Scientific has become a very important part of Teledyne in developing new products for our businesses. Moving to the imaging side, on the space programs, as you may recall, we were very successful in prior large-scale programs in the space program but we also have now, while that overall program, in terms of its size, has gone down somewhat because some of the space programs have stopped. We have some very good programs now in space astronomy, ground-based astronomy. While the James Webb program money went down, the subsequent increases in astronomy have really helped us a lot. We have, for example, in JMAPS, which is a Joint Multiarcsecond Pathfinder Survey -- it's a complicated name -- we have a $7.5 million contract from the US Navy that we are just working on and other things. So that part is doing really well. But the part that we're really thinking about developing a platform for growth like we did in our General Instruments business is the whole area of imaging. As you recall, we bought a commercial imaging company in the East Coast a couple of years ago, Judson. Now we have picked up a minority share in a gimbal company which we will end up owning. We bought some things in optical domain. We're moving to camera products. So I think that's going to be -- overall, I think this acquisition has been kind of the core of our technology as we move out to a higher-value added product.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James & Associates: Two final, two-part question here. You cited both NASA and missile defense as areas that are going to be challenged this year. Can you, on missile defense, just remind us of where you sit at in terms of revenue level on the current GMD program relative to where you were a couple of years ago and thoughts on what the major milestones or new programs that may get that back on a positive trajectory. With regard to NASA, kind of a discussion -- I mean, obviously, you're hooked in with Johnson and running ops on the International Space Station and that's great steady business but the whole debate going on in Congress between new space versus traditional NASA Constellation program. Depending upon how that breaks in the future here, your relative benefits or losses from either path?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, let me give you the broader answers that you asked for first. If you look at our total missile defense revenues in last year, in 2009, it was over $130 million. This year we are expected to be closer to $90 million, so there is a significant decline. That is -- some of it has to do with missile defense programs which are development programs. But a big chunk of it has to do with our engineering services program, which is going down. Also, as you know, the missile defense, the GMD budget part of the missile defense budget from last year to this year went down 50% from $1.5 billion to $1 billion. So I think what we're trying to do is maintain our presence. But we also have some new things that are getting a good traction in there, especially in integrated testing. We have some really good software capabilities and hardware in the loop, things like that. We expect those to grow some but not enough to make up the difference. Let me move to NASA, if I may. Overall, I think our NASA programs have been about $100 million, give or take a little. We expect it to go down this year again and, frankly, the turmoil you refer to between the administration and Congress and NASA on the space flight program is not helpful. It's not helpful to us. It's not helpful to anybody else. There is, however, legislation both in the Senate and the House that is trying to restore the Constellation program or the manned space program. That might be a compromise that would evolve between the Orion spacecraft as well as some of the lift vehicles. We think that from our perspective, in the short term, which is this year, we'll probably take some haircut on our NASA programs but we think, in the long term though, we're pretty well-positioned to capitalize on the changes I think better than a lot of our competitors because we have a lot of flexible task order contracts with broad scope and we don't really hold any large prime contracts for hardware development. So, all in all, I think -- for example, even in the Orion spacecraft we just recently got an order for $5 million to produce some gauges for the power system there. So I think in the long term, regardless of which direction this goes, we're going to be okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lewis -- BB&T Capital Markets.
Michael Lewis -- BB&T Capital Markets: Robert, I was wondering on Intelek, if you look at the price paid, have you guys conducted a purchase price allocation? I spoke with you guys when you first picked up the company and I think Intelek had about $28 million in equity. So are we looking at $24 million, $25 million in goodwill and intangibles? If you have it, can you break that out for us?
Robert Mehrabian: The book value for it is close to $20 million and we -- I'm sorry, GBP 20 million, which is more like $35 million. So there would be some intangible amortization. In the short term, Michael, as you well know, we have to write down the expenses, the acquisition expenses which would be the fees that we paid the investment bankers as well as legal fees. So in the short term we already -- we think that's going to be a couple of million based on -- not all our bills have arrived yet but they will. So in the short term I think we're going to get hit with some expenses there. In the long term I dont think the intangible amortization is going to be very large.
Michael Lewis -- BB&T Capital Markets: The growth expectation for this property in your fiscal year '11 is a few percent mid-single maybe?
Robert Mehrabian: I would say that's a good number.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen of the panel, there are no further questions in queue at this time. Please continue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you very much, Operator. I'll ask Jason to conclude the conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Operator, and, again, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. If you have follow-up questions, please do feel free to call me at the number listed on the earnings release and, again, all our releases are available on our website, teledyne.com. Operator, if you could conclude the call and give the replay information we would appreciate it. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today, which will be available for replay from today at 10:00 am Eastern time until August 29, midnight of that day. You may access that conference by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 156581. If you happen to be dialing from an international location, please dial 1-320-365-3844 and the same access code of 156581. Those dial-in numbers, once again, domestic 800-475-6701, international 320-365-3844 and the access code for both dial-in numbers is 156581. Once again, that does conclude our conference call. On behalf of today's panel I'd like to thank you for your participation and thank you for using AT&T. Have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees  VP, Corporate Development and IR Robert Mehrabian  Chairman, President and CEO Dale Schnittjer  SVP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets Steve Levenson  Stifel Nicolaus Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital Chris Quilty  Raymond James
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for standing by and welcome to the Teledyne first quarter earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). And I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you and good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations at Teledyne. I would like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's first quarter 2010 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining you this morning are Teledyne Technologies' Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Dale Schnittjer; and Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, John Kuelbs. After remarks by Robert and Dale, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks, and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and of course, actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay both via webcast and dial-in will be available for about a month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning, everyone. Before commenting on the specific results of our individual businesses, I have some general observations about our market, our performance, and our performance during the first quarter. Those of our commercial businesses, which had been impacted most by the 2009 recession, recovered strongly in the quarter. Given this recovery, coupled with a leaner cost structure, our operating margin increased 107 basis points and our earnings per share grew 19.3%. As a reminder, in response to last year's recession, we lowered operating costs by over $80 million and reduced headcount by 9.8%. Due to some encouraging signs in our commercial markets and the stability of our defense businesses, we also increased our 2010 earnings outlook. Some key points including the following. First, sales from our commercial short-cycle electronic businesses such as instrumentation for environmental monitoring and industrial process control increased substantially and order activity remained strong. Second, all prices remained high and our marine instrumentation businesses are positively leverage  leveraged towards this trend. We are also beginning to receive orders for more integrated subsea power and process monitoring solutions. Third, our newly-developed defense microwave products for UAV and counter-IED applications are gaining traction. Fourth, due to dramatic gains in sales of aftermarket engines and parts, we nearly reversed last year's first quarter loss in our aviation engine businesses. And finally, we previously described the 2010 headwinds in three of our government programs. These are lower sales of missile defense engineering services, reduced deliveries of JASSM missile  cruise missile engines, and the lack of a loan guarantee for one of our customers in the nuclear domain. While not a factor for 2010, the long-term outlook for each of these areas has improved recently. The funding for the Ground-based Midcourse Defense program was cut from $1.5 billion in 2009 to $1 billion in 2010. The  but the budget request for GMD in 2011, which was issued in the first quarter, was $1.3 billion, a 30% increase. During the first quarter, we received incremental funding for JASSM engines that will start shipping in the fourth quarter of this year with continuous production thereafter. Lastly, as I'll describe later, we are now more optimistic that our ultimate customer for nuclear centrifuge modules will receive a loan guarantee, paving the way for a potential revenue growth in 2011. Now, I'll turn to our business segments and our Q1 performance. First quarter sales in our electronics and communications segment were flat compared to last year. However, segment operating profit increased 4.7% and segment operating margin increased 56 basis points. In the first quarter of 2010, sales of defense electronics increased 8.4% compared to the first quarter of 2009. The demand outlook for sales of defense electronics continues to look stable. Approximately half of our revenue in this market comes from sales of microwave devices and advanced interconnect products. Sales of these products increased 13.6% year-over-year and orders for newly developed microwave products such as an antenna subsystem for the Warfighter Information Network-Tactical radios program were particularly strong. In addition, we anticipate orders in the second quarter for newly designed UAV datalink and counter-IED subsystems. In our infrared and visible imaging businesses, we've been steadily evolving from historically a producer of space-based focal plane arrays, in other words components, albeit very sophisticated ones, into a provider of subsystem, instruments, and field [ph] camera products for space, tactical military, and some commercial applications. As part of this strategy, we acquired a minority stake in Optical Alchemy and also received an option to acquire the company in the future. Because Optical Alchemy's inertially-stabilized gimbal systems are very small and light, they are especially well-suited for UAV applications. In addition, beyond just delivering an image, the company systems are geo-referenced, which means they provide information about a target's specific location. Turning to our electronic instrumentation businesses, first quarter sales decreased modestly as a result of  and as a result of second  as a result of record sales in the first quarter of 2009 of geophysical sensors for oil production. As mentioned earlier, sales of short-cycle environmental monitoring instruments and industrial instrumentation increased significantly, up 11% and 17%, respectively. While first quarter sales of marine instruments declined, given the tough comparison, we expect the full year 2010 sales would exceed 2009. The outlook for our subsea oil production remains attractive. Having integrated our acquisitions in this domain, we are now receiving orders for systems that provide all of the following; subsea power distribution, data acquisition and transmission, pressure and temperature sensing, and sand corrosion monitoring. Also, the subsea defense sector remains strong, both domestically and internationally. In the first quarter, we received orders totaling $17 million from Northrop Grumman and Lockheed Martin for interconnects related to new Virginia-class submarines, and we expect another order from General Dynamics' Electric Boat division. Finally, the remaining 10% revenue of  in this segment comes from our avionics and other commercial electronics businesses. In the first quarter of 2010, sales from these businesses collectively decreased 16% compared to the first quarter of 2009, primarily due to a decline in sales of telecommunication subsystems and commercial electronic manufacturing services. We have intentionally stopped taking orders in these businesses because these businesses are becoming commoditized. Revenue comparisons should ease throughout the rest of the year due to the healthy performance of our avionics and electronics relays businesses. Turning our engineering  engineered systems segment, in the first quarter of 2010, revenue decreased 11.8% compared to last year. The decrease in sales primarily reflected lower sales for nuclear manufacturing and missile defense engineering programs, partially offset by increased sales for environmental programs. Operating profit decreased 9.9%, while operating margin increased slightly. As I've stated previously, we expect reduced sales in this segment in 2010 given the lack of a loan guarantee for our ultimate customer of nuclear gas centrifuge service modules, reduced government funding for some of our missile defense engineering services, as well as changes in the government's policy regarding organizational conflict of interest. Nonetheless, there has been some recent positive news regarding USEC's American centrifuge project. In late March, the Department of Energy finalized $45 million of funding to USEC to continue centrifuge development. In addition, last week the DOE announced that it's doubling the loan guarantees for nuclear front-end processing, that is enrichment technologies like the American centrifuge, from $2 billion to $4 billion. We believe this raises the likelihood that DOE will ultimately support the USEC project, which could result in approximately $40 million of annual revenues to us after 2010. We continue to look at other opportunities also that leverage our nuclear manufacturing capabilities, including our nuclear quality systems and ASME stamps that we possess. In the first quarter, we received our first contract to manufacture hardware for commercial  for a commercial nuclear power generation. The $2,007 million [ph] order is for a prototype turbine emergency power generator system that will ultimately be delivered to Toshiba. In our aerospace engines and components segment, sales increased 31.9% compared to last year. Sales of OEM engines increased 5.4%, while aftermarket sales increased over 40%. During the first quarter, we reported a small operating loss of $400,000 versus an operating loss of $4.3 million in the first quarter of 2009. While this quarter's performance was likely aided by some restocking at distributors, we believe that we've gained market share and hence improved our competitive position. In addition, we do continue to invest in new product development such as our turbo diesel engine in order to increase overseas sales, particularly in Asia. Finally, in our energy and power systems segment, sales increased 3.9% compared to last year as a result of higher sales of commercial hydrogen generators and power systems for government applications, which were partially offset by expected declines in the military turbine engine business. First quarter segment operating profit increased slightly, largely as a result of higher sales. In conclusion, first, we see the macroeconomic environment and our short-cycle commercial businesses recovering in 2010. Second, while it's still very early, we are encouraged about the long-term outlook for our long-cycle government and nuclear businesses. Finally, given our strong balance sheet and our history of successfully integrating strategic acquisitions, we also expect to pursue acquisitions more aggressively in the future. I would now turn the call over Dale Schnittjer.
Dale Schnittjer: Thank you, Robert and good morning, everyone. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert, then I will discuss our 2010 outlook. On cash flow, in the first quarter, cash provided from operating activities was $3 million compared with a use of cash of $7.6 million for the same period of 2009. The cash usage in 2009 resulted from pension contributions of $48.6 million net of tax compared to no pension contributions in 2010. Over the last two years, we have contributed approximately $170 million pretax to our pension trust and our pension plan is now approximately 90% funded on a GAAP PBO basis. Free cash flow for the first quarter of 2010 was a cash usage of $2.3 million compared to a cash usage of $20.7 million for 2009. Excluding the 2009 pension contribution, free cash flow in the first quarter of 2010 declined primarily due to higher working capital, which resulted from early collection of accounts receivable in the fourth quarter of 2009. Capital expenditures were $5.3 million in the first quarter compared to $13.1 million for the same period of 2009. Depreciation and amortization expense was $11.2 million in the quarter compared with $11.7 million last year. We ended the quarter with $230.6 million of net debt. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt-to-capital ratio of 25%. Our credit facility has $590 million of bank commitments and expires in July of 2010. We are planning to renew the credit facility prior to its scheduled maturity. In addition, we are anticipating issuing up to $250 million of unsecured debt pursuant to a private placement transaction in 2010. The proceeds would be used to pay down the existing revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes including acquisitions. If I said it expires in 2010, it expires  the credit facility expires in 2011. Moving to pension, in the first quarter of 2010, gross pension expense was $1.3 million compared with gross pension expense of $5.6 million in the same period of 2009. Net pension income after recovery of allowable costs pursuant to Government Cost Accounting Standards or CAS was $1.1 million in the first quarter of 2010 compared with $2.5 million of net pension expense in the first quarter of 2009. Next, on stock option expense, in the first quarter of 2010, stock option compensation expense was $1.3 million compared with $1.6 million in the first quarter of 2009. The lower 2010 amount primarily reflects issuing fewer stock options for 2010 annual grant of stock option. Now, turning to the 2010 outlook, management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2010 will be in a range of $0.69 to $0.71. We expect full year 2010 earnings per share of approximately $2.89 to $2.96, an increase from our previous outlook of $2.80 to $2.90. Regarding our pension, for full year 2010, we currently anticipate approximately $5.2 million of gross pension expense. However, given recovery of allowable pension costs from our CAS-covered government contracts, we expect net pension income of $4.4 million or $0.07 per share in 2010 compared to $0.17 per share of net pension expense in 2009. The decrease in full year 2010 pension expense reflects higher investment returns and the impact of pension contributions made in 2008 and 2009. As a reminder, full year 2009 earnings per share included $0.39 of prior-period research and development tax credits that will not reoccur in 2010. For the full year of 2010, we expect capital expenditures of approximately $35 million to $40 million and depreciation and amortization expense of $48 million. I will now turn the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Before we go to your question-and-answer period, I was just reminded that when I was talking about the commercial nuclear power generation manufacturing order, instead of saying $2.7 million order, I said $2,007 million, which will be over $2 billion in orders. I wish that were true, but unfortunately, it's not. So with that correction, I'd like now to start taking your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the question and answers, please do go ahead.
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from Michael Lewis with BB&T Capital Markets.
Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Hi, Robert, good morning. A quick question for you with regard to the aftermarket part  portion of aircraft engines. Do you think that the 30%-plus revenue growth that you saw in the quarter is sustainable throughout the rest of the year?
Robert Mehrabian: We are not counting on that, Michael. I think we probably will have in the range of about 20% overall growth if you pull total year-over-year in our orders. But I think it's going to be stronger than last year, but not as strong as 2008.
Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then just to circle back on the nuclear business and with regards to the loan guarantee, the differential versus this year's guidance for that business versus, say, fiscal year '11 and with the loan guarantee occurring, did you say it's about a $30 million swing in revenue upside?
Robert Mehrabian: I would say about that. Last year, Michael, we had $36 million, but that wasn't a full production year. This year we expect, for that specific program, closer to $8 million. And we anticipate next year, if we go into full production, it would be close to $40 million for that specific program.
Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thank you. And then just one more question. With regard to the breakout of the business, what proportion of the revenue is now government/defense versus commercial? And where do you see this split moving to, say, two years from now?
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, I would say we are about 50-50. We've been that way for a long time. My estimate is that as a function of time, we would be more heavily oriented toward the commercial domain. Maybe in a couple of years, we would be at 55%, closer to 60% commercial.
Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you so much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Levenson with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Steve Levenson  Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Levenson  Stifel Nicolaus: Too bad it wasn't a $2 billion order.
Robert Mehrabian: I'm glad I corrected it before somebody asked me about it.
Steve Levenson  Stifel Nicolaus: Well, I had a question about the nuclear fuel enrichment. It looks like the likelihood of a loan guarantee is getting better and it looks like it would also cover some business with AREVA. Do you have opportunities with AREVA similar to what you would have with USEC?
Robert Mehrabian: Not at this time that we know of. On the other hand, they haven't begun their manufacturing processes like USEC has. To be very honest with you, Steve, we are very aggressively getting ready to participate in any projects that begin, primarily because we do have a very strong position, both in the quality domain, as well as the ASME stamps, requisite stamps that one needs for manufacturing. So we are talking to a large number of other potential people that would be producing nuclear products.
Steve Levenson  Stifel Nicolaus: Great, thank you. And second, it looks like the DOD is trying to accelerate the use of third-generation thermal imaging sensors. They've got a solicitation I think they're calling Vista out there. Does Teledyne plan to participate in that?
Robert Mehrabian: On the third-gen, Steve, we are currently in discussions with the military and we do expect to receive some additional third-gen funding. We have the  the military, the army remains intent on continuing to promote a competitive environment for the low-rate initial production and other future programs and they show very strong support for our efforts. We are spending our own R&D dollars in technology development and have actually made some very good progress in building demo units for the army to test.
Steve Levenson  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robert Kirkpatrick with Cardinal Capital. Please go ahead.
Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital: Good morning and congratulations.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Rob.
Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital: Dale, could you talk a little bit about kind of rates and timing on both the refinance of the credit facility, as well as the size, and also on the private placement.
Dale Schnittjer: We are somewhat limited on what we can discuss right now. We are following the traditional process for issuing private placement debt. And I'd rather not comment any further so as not to violate the private placement issuance regulations at this time.
Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital: So would that mean that it would, obviously, be probably in the next six months as opposed to right at the end of the year?
Dale Schnittjer: Yes.
Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital: And how about the bank debt market, how is that?
Dale Schnittjer: Right now, with what we are seeing in the bank debt market, the  our banking partners speak very favorably about that and it looks like there is plenty of financing available with our partners.
Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital: So would you anticipate reducing the size of the commitment or would you keep it roughly the same?
Dale Schnittjer: We will look at that when we get to the point of renewing, but at this point, we would look at somewhere in $400 million to $600 million maybe in the revolving credit.
Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital: And would you  you would do the debt facility after the private placement, correct?
Dale Schnittjer: That's correct.
Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital: Great. And then, Robert, I was wondering if you would perhaps shed a little bit more light for us on two topics; one, the Optical Alchemy [ph] acquisition and how that came about; and then secondly, the new sets of products that you are seeing demand for, for both UAV datalinks and for counter-IED. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Rob. What  as I mentioned before, we have historically participated in making very sophisticated focal plane arrays for space applications. Those would be focal plane arrays that have 2Kx2K array of pixels. And now, of course, we are even making 4Kx4K  we are beginning to develop 4Kx4K pixel FPAs for both civil space, as well as ground astronomy. Now, what we did about two years ago is we bought a small company called Judson in Pennsylvania to start moving more towards merchant supplier of not just FPAs, but packages. Judson specializes in packaging of FPAs and sells commercially. Where we were doing units of 10s and 20s, Judson was producing units of over 1,000 a month of this product. So we wanted to get into the commercial domain. And as a part of that, as we then moved into the third-gen infrared, it became necessary to start integrating dewars and coolers into our product so that we would produce a subsystem of FPA that was packaged and included coolers and dewars with it. And ultimately, obviously, these become cameras. Now, where Optical Alchemy comes in is that they actually make gimbals, very light-weight gimbals that are geo-reference-capable, which is once you look at a target, you can also give the GPS coordinates of the target to the viewer. And what that enables us to do now is move up the food chain to become a merchant suppliers of cameras that include  that are included in the gimbals. Matter of fact, we are developing what we call a high-temperature infrared camera, which operates at about 150 degrees for a specific application in that one of the small gimbals that Optical Alchemy makes. So it's kind of a very  Rob, it's a very intentional strategy to become a merchant supplier of cameras and gimbals to people that integrate them into large systems. Now, second question that you asked dealt with counter-IED and UAV applications. In the UAV domain, we have a  we are expecting high-power amplifier orders in the second quarter that will enable datalink for the updated Shadow UAV upgrade. And also in the IED domain, we are  one of the acquisitions that we made was in the U.K. and we are working with a customer there on the development of an integrated subsystem for an IDP  IED jamming system that has large production potential. The system is currently in trials with the U.K. MoD and we are expecting low-rate production orders in  later this year. I hope that answers the two questions, Rob.
Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital: Yes, thank you so much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our next question comes from Chris Quilty with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Good morning, gentlemen. I wrote slow, so I'm going to ask you, Robert, if you could perhaps help me with the numbers again. And perhaps  I think in the past when you've given the break  breakdown on the E&C segment, you've gone ahead and sort of given us the year-over-year revenues on defense electronics, electronic instruments. Could I get those from you?
Robert Mehrabian: Sure. I'll give you any numbers you want, Chris.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: What's the real number for fiscal '10?
Robert Mehrabian: I always give you real numbers, Chris. That's very good. The defense electronics year-over-year Q1, if you look at last year, it was about $126 million. I think that does not include scientific and imaging  yes, it does, actually. It's about $126 million. This year, it's closer to $137 million.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay.
Robert Mehrabian: On instruments, last year, it was about $145 million. This year, it's closer to $141 million, the overall instruments. And then the last, which is avionics and other electronics, as I mentioned, we are not taking orders in commercial  manufacturing of commercial communication products and some of our medical products. So what we've seen is a decline from about $39 million to $32.5 million in that area year-over-year. But as I mentioned, we think that will stabilize as the year goes on.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. And did I detect a nuance there on the commercial side? I mean, you guys had already abandoned the medical products market and pure commercial EMS. I thought I heard you also say that you are de-emphasizing some of the telecommunications products also.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, some of the backhaul products like point-to-point cellular backhaul, we were making transceivers. We are getting out of that business, primarily because what  what's happened is the customers are pushing for cost reductions of 15%, 20% a quarter and just that's not the business we want to be in. By the way, if you look at our history over the last five, six years, we probably exited $60 million to $70 million worth of markets in which the margins have declined, markets have become commoditized, customers want to push us to manufacture overseas and that's not where we want to be. So we continuously exit markets that we don't think are in our interest to continuing.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Now, on the flipside you've seen an increase in your defense related EMS, and can you give us some color there? Is there specific programs or product lines or OEM customers where you are seeing those gains?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, we very methodically decided a few years ago to switch over since the facilities really were operating commercial and defense side by side, same equipment. We very methodically moved to the defense [ph] domain. In  for example, just to give you specifics, termination of the DD(X) destroyer program has resulted in additional requirements to support the Aegis vertical launch programs and we've gotten orders in that domain and forecast that those would continuously increase until 2012. Also, when you look at the cutbacks in the Joint Tactical Radio System, the JTRS program, and cancellation of the transformation of satellite program, those are resulting in new orders for upgraded tactical radios and existing satellite uplink terminals. And there, we've had significant orders in EPLRS, which you know is the Enhanced Position Location Reporting System radio and Advanced Extremely High Frequency, that's the AEHF satellite program, for production later this year and 2011. So all in all, what we are seeing is that our strategy of intentionally shifting into the military domain where we've been down-selected by our customers into reliable providers of manufacturing services, that's worked for us.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. And separate question, it still hasn't shown up in the jobs numbers, but are you seeing any of that stimulus money with your customers in the government side, environmental?
Robert Mehrabian: Very little. We've seen a little bit of ARRA money, especially in some of our environmental programs, but the primary improvement that we've seen in our environmental programs have been overseas, in India and China.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. And the proposed Obama NASA budget-killing constellation, but extending the space station, net-net, good, bad?
Robert Mehrabian: I think net-net, it might not be bad for us. Let me just kind of go through a little detail on that. We  the  we have about  give or take, we have about $90 million with NASA in our programs. About half of that is in the  tied to the space exploration. What  I think we are better positioned than most of our competition in the space programs, because what we have are flexible task order contracts with broad scopes and we don't hold large prime contracts, hardware development programs. Now, the shift that they  that the White House has announced recently  I think it was in April  on April 15 in Kennedy Space Center. The Orion program continuation, that doesn't affect us, because we are not participating in that. But the heavy lift launch, that could have a positive effect on us. And extending the space station would be  to 2020 would be good for us since we do about $23 million of science payload operations there. So all in all, I'd say the whole thing would probably be okay for us. The  the Robotic Precursor Program, that'd probably be good for us. I think with our engineering support structure and the contracts that we have in place that the whole change should be neutral to positive for Teledyne.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Okay. Very good. That's my list of questions, other than I wanted to know if you could say "dewars and coolers" three times quick for us.
Robert Mehrabian: If I could do that, I would be an analyst.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Cheers.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue. If you have any closing comments?
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. I really appreciate you all participating. I'll now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, everyone. And if you have any questions, please feel free to call me at the number on the earnings release. And again, all our releases are available on our website. Operator, if you could conclude today's call and give the replay information, we'd appreciate it. Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Certainly. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference is available for replay starting today at 10 a.m. and will run until May 29th at midnight. You may access the replay service by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code of 145598. You may also dial 320-365-3844 and enter the access code of 145598. Those numbers again are 1-800-475-6701 and 320-365-3844 and entering the access code of 145598. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you very much for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees  Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations Robert Mehrabian  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dale A. Schnittjer  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Kuelbs  Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Secretary
Analysts: Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets Mark Jordan  Noble Financial Group Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital  Stephen Levenson  Stifel Nicolaus & Co. Chris Quilty  Raymond James Margo Murtaugh  Snyder Capital Howard Rubel  Jefferies & Co  
Operator: Welcome to the Teledyne Technologies third quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions). I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Thank you. This is Jason VanWees, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations at Teledyne. I would like to welcome everyone to Teledyne Technologies third quarter 2009 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning. Joining us today are Teledyne Technologies' Chairman, President and CEO, Robert Mehrabian, Senior Vice President and CFO Dale Schnittjer and Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Secretary John Kuelbs. After remarks by Robert and Dale we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started our attorneys have reminded me to tell everyone that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings and actual results may differ materially. In order to avoid potential selective disclosures this call is being simultaneously Webcast and a replay both via Webcast and dial-in will be available for about one month.  Here's Robert. 
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason, and good morning. Before commenting on the specific results of our individual businesses I have some general observations about our performance and our markets. Like most other companies that are partially leveraged to the industrial economy, our revenue declined in the third quarter. It should be noted though our sales in the third quarter of 2008 were at all time high prior to the onslaught of the credit crisis and the subsequent recession which caused significant changes in demand in some of our commercial markets. Nevertheless, we believe that we've managed the company appropriately and our financials reflect this. First, both our earnings per share and cash flow were at record levels in the third quarter of 2009. Second, even excluding the R&D tax credit received this quarter, our earnings exceeded each of the first two quarters of the year. And finally, our operating margin of 10.2% was at the highest level in 2009 and it was greater than the full year 2008. Given the performance to date and our current outlook, we expect total 2009 revenues to decline approximately 7% relative to 2008. On a full year basis the majority of our businesses are expected to have generally flat revenues compared to 2008. However, a portion of our businesses which represent approximately 30% of our sales are expected to decline over 20% collectively. Specifically sales in our aerospace engines and component segments are expected to decline over 30%, instrumentation used in oil exploration and environmental monitoring almost 15% and other commercial electronics about 20%. The latter is partly due to the fact that we've chosen to exit certain commoditized commercial markets. I must also note that we've recently seen some positive signs in our commercial markets. For those commercial businesses which principally serve the commercial aviation, global infrastructure and energy markets, aggregate book-to-bill in the third quarter of 2009 was approximately 1.2. As a result we currently expect revenue in the fourth quarter of 2009 to be above the third quarter and it to be equal to or slightly greater than the first two quarters of this year. As I mentioned earlier, cash flow in the quarter and throughout 2009 has been very strong. Even after paying approximately $20 million for the remaining minority interest in Ocean Design Incorporated and making another voluntary pension contribution of $37 million in the quarter, our debt decreased relative to the second quarter and it now at the lowest level in a year. Finally, today our pension is almost 90% funded on a GAAP PBO basis.  Now, let's turn to some of our business segments. Third quarter sales in our electronics and communications segments decreased 10.6% compared to last year. Segment operating profit decreased 13.7% and segment operating margin decreased 48 basis points. Most of this margin decline was a result of year-over-year increase in pension expense. In this segment our businesses lie within three separate market categories. First, defense electronics, which represents approximately 45% of the segment; second, electronic instruments, which similarly represents another 45% of the segments; and third avionics and other commercial electronics which is now only 10% the segment. In the third quarter of 2009 sales of defense electronics decreased approximately 1% compared to 2008. Today approximately half of our revenue in this market comes from sales of microwave devices and advanced interconnect product. Despite a cautious long-term view on defense spending we continue to believe that sales of these products will be stable.  We expect continued demand in the electronics warfare market and we've developed a number of new products for the radar and military communication markets such as radar soft systems and data links for UAVs.  Turning to electronic instrumentation year-over-year sales declined 15.5%. Instrumentation revenue decreased as a result of 18% declining sales of marine instrumentation and 11.5% contraction in the environment of monitoring devices and 11% decline in sale of industrial instruments.  As a reminder, our environmental monitoring and industrial instruments are correlated with global capital expenditures in industries such as power generation and petrochemical refining. The decline in such global infrastructure markets impacted the demand for our environmental and industrial instruments.  Teledyne marine instrumentation businesses currently represent about [$350,000] million or roughly 20% of the company's total revenue. Oil and gas exploration represents a smaller piece of this, roughly about 4% and oil production represents about 6%.  The balance and the largest portion of our marine sales are derived from oceanographic research, military, hydrographic surveys and other industrial markets. The overall decline in marine instrumentation sales was due to a 50% year-over-year reduction in sales of geophysical sensors to the seismic oil exploration market.  While we expect oil exploration sales to increase in the fourth quarter relative to our third quarter, oil exploration related sales are nevertheless expected to decline approximately 12% year-over-year. Finally, in our avionics and other commercial electronics sales in this business is collectively decreased slightly over 22% compared to last year, primarily due to decline in sales of avionics and other commercial electronics comported such as relays for electronic test equipment.  Turning to our engineer systems segment in the third quarter of 2009 revenue decreased approximately 16% compared to last year. The decline is primarily due to lower sales of manufactured products including gas, centrifuge service modules, as well as reduced aerospace and defense engineering services. Segments operating profit declined 31% and margins decreased 182 basis points. Operating profits reflected both low revenue and in this segment also higher pension expense.  In the aerospace engines and components segment sales decreased approximately 34% compared to last year. Year-over-year sales of OEM engines declined approximately 70% while aftermarket parts and services declined only 15%. At the moment we don't expect a significant increase in sales of OEM engines in the rest of 2009. On the other hand while the aftermarket was weak in the third quarter we've been taking aggressive steps to capture market shares and aftermarket sales increased sequentially in both the second and the third quarter of 2009. During the quarter we reported operating profit of $1.2 million compared to $1.5 million for last year.  Finally, in our energy and power systems sales in the third quarter decreased about 6% as a result of lower sales of commercial hydrogen generators and aviation batteries, partly offset by increased sales of power systems for government applications.  Third quarter operating profit increased 4.5% and margin increased 178 basis points. To conclude, as we've noted in our earlier calls we expect headwinds in 2010 relating to manufacturing of gas centrifuge service modules as well as some of our lower margin missile defense engineering services.  In addition, at this time we can't predict the timing of meaningful improvements in some of our short cycle commercial markets; however, despite the challenges that we and others face in the current environment our balance sheet is at the strongest level in over a year, our pension is almost 90% funded, with recorded record earnings per share and we reported record cash flow.  Given Teledyne's performance to date and our strong liquidity and most importantly our significantly reduced cost structure we believe we're well positioned to benefit when demand in our commercial markets begins to improve.  I will now turn the call over to Dale Schnittjer.
Dale A. Schnittjer: Thank you, Robert and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter not covered by Robert. Then I will discuss our 2009 outlook. On cash flow, in the third quarter cash provided from operating activities was $46.9 million compared with cash provided from operating activities of $51.8 million for the same period of 2008. The lower operating cash flow in 2009 was primarily due to greater pre-tax pension contributions partially offset by the impact of higher net income and lower aircraft product defense and settlement payments.  We made a voluntary pension contribution of $37 million in the third quarter of 2009 compared with $24 million in the third quarter of 2008 of which $22 million was voluntary. Over the last 15 months we have contributed approximately $170 million to our pension trust and as Robert mentioned, our pension is now approximately 90% funded when considering PBO liabilities.  Free cash flow for the third quarter was $37.6 million compared with $41.9 million for the same period of 2008. Adjusting for pension contributions net of taxes free cash flow was $60.1 million in the quarter. For the first nine months of 2009 free cash flow, excluding net pension contributions, was $119.4 million. Capital expenditures were $9.3 million in the third quarter compared to $9.9 million for the same period of 2008. Depreciation and amortization expense was $10.2 million in the quarter compared with $12.6 million last year.  For the full year of 2009 we expect capital expenditures of approximately $35 million to $40 million and depreciation and amortization expense of approximately $44 million. We ended the quarter with $292 million of net debt, the lowest level since September of 2008. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt-to-capital ratio of 33.4%. Our credit facility has $590 million of bank commitments and does not expire until July of 2011. Moving to pension, in the third quarter of 2009 gross pension expense was $5.7 million compared with gross pension expense of $2.4 million in the same period of 2008.  Net pension expense after recovery of allowable costs pursuant to government costs accounting standards was $2.6 million in the third quarter of 2009 compared with zero dollars of net pension expense in the third quarter of 2008.  For the full year 2009 net pension expense is expected to be $10.1 million compared to $200,000 of net pension income in 2008. The increase in pension expense is largely due to the amortization of market loss as experienced in 2008. Next, on stock option compensation expense, in the third quarter of 2009, stock option compensation expense was $1.3 million compared with $1.9 million in the third quarter of 2008. The lower 2009 amount reflects the decision to eliminate the annual grant employee stock options in 2009. Now let me turn to the 2009 outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the fourth quarter of 2009 will be in the range of $0.72 to $0.76. We expect full year 2009 earnings per share of approximately $2.94 to $2.98. The outlook for the fourth quarter and full year 2009 compared with the same periods of 2008 reflects a reduction in the sales of environmental instruments for air and water monitoring and other electronic instruments. In addition, the full year 2009 outlook reflects lower sales for the company's aerospace engines and components segment as well as a contraction in sales of selected marine instruments which serve the offshore exploration market.  Finally, while we plan to give a more complete outlook for 2010 in January, we did want to mention a few programs in our engineered systems segment that we anticipate will contract in 2010. Given reduced program funding, as well as changes in contracting policy, sales of missile defense engineering services are expected to decline next year. In addition, sales of manufactured products for USEC's American Centrifuge Plant are also expected to decline in 2010 since the decision regarding the Department of Energy's loan guarantee to USEC was delayed. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian:  We would now like to take your questions. Operator, if you're ready to proceed with the questions and answers, please go ahead.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets.
Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets:  Robert, I was wondering if we could kind of talk about the cost rationalization that we've witnessed. We've seen significant fixed and variable costs rationalization here over the last few quarters. I guess my question is how much more ability do you have in the infrastructure to further rein in the costs with the various businesses throughout the company?
Robert Mehrabian: Right now where we stand is we have reduced our workforce by 9.5%. We probably can take more cost out in a number of our businesses. On the other hand, I think in some of our businesses, where like in our engineered services businesses, the reductions have been commensurate with reductions in programs.  So if those programs start coming back we will increase in numbers there, but on the other hand in our fixed cost structure, our intention is to maintain as long as we can even when the markets return. So I think the answer is we could probably take more cost out. At this time we're studying that, depends on what the 2010 revenues look like. But we can take more out.
Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: And Robert, with regard to the reduction in the workforce at 9.5%, is there the ability if we see a re-ramping of some of the weaker businesses to bring some of those employees back or do you think once you've let them go that they're now gone?
Robert Mehrabian: No, I think, Michael, we can get them back. The job market out there as you know is very weak and I think we can get them back and at least when we can afford to get them back. It's unfortunate, it's just totally unfortunate. 
 :
 :
Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: I agree with you there on unemployment. But just one more question and I'll get out of the way here. Can we just a quick update on your outlook with regard to M&A specifically? What's your plan on size and scope of properties under evaluation? Do you think you're going to have to start looking at throwing a wider net out there and look at other areas that you may not have looked at, say, two years ago or three years ago? Just like to get your thoughts there.
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, the answer is yes, Michael. We have been doing obviously smaller acquisitions. I think that when we think about a wider net we still think about doing things that fit our portfolio. But the size may be different. Frankly, I think there are some properties that businesses are starting to look attractive to us, both in this country and overseas.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mark Jordan  Noble Financial.
Mark Jordan  Noble Financial Group: 
 : What impact in 2010 will this $100 plus million in contributions year-to-date make in terms of reduced pension expense? And finally could you size what that remaining 10% unfunded statutory liability is in terms of absolute dollars?
Robert Mehrabian:  Let me take a part of it then and hand the latter part to Dale. First I must note that over the last 18 months that the $170 million about  contributions have not been just this year but have been over the last 18 months  and so I think as we said, we're now 90% funded. What we've decided to do going forward, Mark, is even if we don't have to make a pension contribution, in order to stabilize our pension, we've decided on a go-forward basis to make equivalent contributions to the withdrawals that are being made in terms of paying for our retirees. 
: Now going back to the 10% magnitude of what that 10% PBO shortfall is, I'll turn it to Dale.
: Now going back to the 10% magnitude of what that 10% PBO shortfall is, I'll turn it to Dale.
Dale A. Schnittjer:  Yes, on the qualified pension plan, the shortfall is about 65 million when considering the PBO liabilities.
Mark Jordan  Noble Financial Group:  And then given, again, the sizeable contributions you've made this year, could you scale what kind of potential benefit or positive swing factor you might see in 2010 versus '09 assuming the stock market is at the same level at the end of '09 as it was at the end of '08?
Dale A. Schnittjer:
: And the discount rate is driven by or mirrors the AA corporate bonds and AA corporate bonds are currently 50 basis points below this 6.25% so if we had  if we look at a reduction in the discount rate we might see a little bit of improvement in 2009, but that's probably a nickel or less. I meant 2010.
: And the discount rate is driven by or mirrors the AA corporate bonds and AA corporate bonds are currently 50 basis points below this 6.25% so if we had  if we look at a reduction in the discount rate we might see a little bit of improvement in 2009, but that's probably a nickel or less. I meant 2010.
Mark Jordan  Noble Financial Group: Okay, our final question is relative to tax rates. Clearly nobody was looking for the big benefit that you were able to realize here this year. I mean it looks like for 2009 we'll end up with about a 33.3% tax rate; '08 was 36.4 and I guess that compares to kind of a normalized tax rate for you which would be around the 39% range. Looking out into 2010, should we be somewhere a couple hundred basis points below that statutory rate with the assumption that there should be some ongoing benefits from tax credits?
Dale A. Schnittjer: No, we don't see any big tax credit benefit coming in 2010. We think it'll be closer to the 39% area. 
Mark Jordan  Noble Financial Group: And then I guess related to that, how did this large benefit in the current quarter materialize since, again, it seems to be unexpected on our last call? 
Dale A. Schnittjer: The big benefit here comes from the fact that we have done a fair amount of work on the R&D tax credits for prior years 2000 through 2008. And the IRS took a look at the work we had done and they have made some determinations on that were favorable to us on the R&D tax credit for those prior years and this is where it came from.
Mark Jordan  Noble Financial Group:   Okay, so this is really all true ups from out of year type of events, so clearly one time in nature.
Dale A. Schnittjer:   That's correct.
Robert Mehrabian : I must note, Mark, that in this study that Dale referred to we've spent over $4 million which we've expensed on an ongoing basis in the last couple of years to justify this credit. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital.
Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital: Good morning and thank you for the results. Could you explain to us what a few of the leading indicators that you monitor are that will give you a heads up on a rebound in your businesses?
Robert Mehrabian : One for example is the semiconductor market. And since March, the book-to-bill ratios in that have been improving and in August the estimate is that they just went over one, but I must note that if you  even with that improvement if you put year-over-year August comparisons our 2009 sales are still 30 plus percent lower than 2008. So we're not seeing any V here, what we're seeing is the trough that's slowly turning positive. That is one.  Another area has to do with our whole marine instrumentation businesses and it generally, the offshore oil production is anticipated the investments to decline about 3% overall year-over-year. On the other hand, what's happening there is that most of the new [find] and a lot of the new work that's happening is at deeper oceans and that favors us because we have really high advanced technologies in both optical, electrical connectors and penetrators.  Finally, the other thing that's happening there that's to our favor is that people are trying to do a lot more processing on the ocean floor rather than pumping oil to the surface and, for example, separating oil and water. And that again favors us.  And lastly in the oil exploration market, the technology that we're using for our  while the predictions are that exploration will go down, we're kind of holding our own because most of the technology that we use for our major customers is less than two years old and the streamers give the best results out there. So we look at market trend and then we look at whether we have advantages in the products that we are offering. 
Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital :  And then in your fourth quarter estimate, are you assuming any further tax benefits?
Robert Mehrabian : No.
Robert Kirkpatrick  Cardinal Capital : Great, thank you so much.
Robert Mehrabian : Not at this time.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Steve Levenson  Stifel Nicolaus & Co.
Stephen Levenson  Stifel Nicolaus & Co.:  Just to go back to the M&A situation, you've alluded to the fact that the size may be different. Can we assume that that means it might be bigger?
Robert Mehrabian : Yes, if we can find it. I was trying to answer Michael's question from the perspective that when we say we broadened our net, which we have, it's not that we're going to go way outside our field of expertise; we're looking at things that may be larger or smaller.  Our focus has always of course been to make our businesses stronger, but we would not be shy if we were to find something larger that we can bring both fit to what we do as well as bring some of our capabilities in operation management.  Having said that, I still think, we still think, that the bid and ask spreads are still a little high. The reality's settling in but to a certain extent, but people are still thinking about what they hit their high five years ago so, I think that'll moderate with time.
Stephen Levenson  Stifel Nicolaus & Co.:  And if they are bigger, even though Teledyne stock isn't where it was a year or so ago, would you consider using stock as part of the consideration?
Robert Mehrabian : Partly, yes, but you know when you use stock then you have to start thinking about that you're using  especially since our stock is not where it used to be, you're using more richer currency to buy it. So you have to offset that with synergies.  For example, if it's a public company you have to in addition to the operations improvement, you start thinking about how much of the corporate expenses you can take out and so on. But it's a more expensive currency this stock, as you well know.
Stephen Levenson  Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Considering that, I know it's still not quite two years until you said your bank lines expire. At what point do you go back to renegotiate or extend them?
Robert Mehrabian :  Well, we've already begun some early discussions. We probably would begin discussions some time in 2010 with some urgency because we certainly don't want to wait until the end. Now if we don't buy anything obviously our debt's going to be very low. On the other hand we need our line of credit.  Right now our interest rates are very low. It's LIBOR plus 75 at the bottom to 125 at the top of the grid. So we're paying 1%, 1.5% right now. We expect that that will go up certainly. 
Stephen Levenson  Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Thanks, and last is there one or a few different product areas with what you've got today that are doing particularly well that have the best growth opportunities that you see you'd like to expand?
Robert Mehrabian : We think  in general, we think that part of our defense, electronics that deals with microwave and sub systems specialty, that's a good area. And the second area that we're still high on is the oil production, oil and gas production especially in deeper waters where we have a distinct advantage.  For example, we probably have 90 plus percent of the optical interconnect market in that domain. And as people start going deeper in the ocean and start thinking about doing more processing on the ocean floor rather than pumping the oil up, that favors us. So those are two areas, Steve, that I would pick examples.  Another area might be in the underwater autonomous vehicles. At Teledyne Brown Engineering and Teledyne Web along with RTS and hydro, we were successful in getting this big glider contract from the Navy. And we think that's a good area for us. We currently have, for example, a glider that's going across the Atlantic and it's 50  80% of the way across the Atlantic using lithium batteries. So we have a lot  we're gaining experience there. And we think that's another good area for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Quilty  Raymond James.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: So on the leading economic indicators you didn't mention the price of oil hitting a year high. Is that not causing an uptick in some of the energy exploration?
Robert Mehrabian: I think it will in the long term. Right now if you look at the projects that are happening  and I know you're talking about exploration. The production projects were started two, three, four years ago when oil was $40 a barrel, so those are okay.  The exploration side usually lags the price of oil by six to nine months. I think as the oil price goes up of course that's going to be helpful. On the other hand, you and I know that oil price going up is partially relative to the fact that the dollar's going down, right?
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Yes.
Robert Mehrabian: And that in terms of real dollars it may not be going up as much. But having said that, we still are bullish about our oil exploration business, primarily because the technologies that our primary customer has are really advanced and superior to the competition and so our factory is operating fairly regularly in that domain. 
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Now, you mentioned you do feel good about the defense electronics market. When you look at either the FY10 defense budget or the redeployment of troops to Afghanistan, is there anything specifically that you like in the budget or certain programs that you think you're going to benefit from?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, in terms of liking let me start with the liking, but then I've got to talk about the other side, too. 
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Otherwise, it wouldn't be you, Robert.
Robert Mehrabian:  In terms of liking, we don't  yes, in Afghanistan obviously some of our communication, mobile communications products are going to be useful. Let me  but on the bigger picture, we have a negative impact from the F-22. But on the flip side we have a very positive impact from the F-35 and if they make larger quantities of that that would more than offset the F-22. If you go to the EA18-G, that's favorable for electronic warfares and including travelling wave [tube]. If you look at some of the scaling back as you've written frequently on the JTRS, that's actually not bad for us because that means that the legacy system operates are going to be there in which we participate. If you now flip to the other side of the budget, you look at what the administration has done to, primarily to GMD, ground-based [midcourse] defense, they've dropped over 50% of the funding from 2.5 their request to less than a billion, 2.1 billion to less than a billion. And they're going to reduce missiles [fielded] from 34 to 30. Of course you know about Europe. And they've essentially also stretched out the campaign. That's going to have a negative effect on us. Today we enjoy about $130 million in total in missile defense in different areas. Some of it is SETA work of course.  We're expecting with the budget the way it is, we're expecting a 30% decline in that. So that could go from 130 to 90 for us. Now some of it is low margin stuff, especially in the SETA area, but that's a negative. So if I were going to talk about a positive and a negative, I think our engineering systems  engineered systems business  is going to take a hit in the defense budget. On the defense electronics we see some upside and stability.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: The gas centrifuge, I mean, that had been a pretty good growing area for you? Is that entirely related to the loan guarantee issue?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes. We do have the gas centrifuge, yes, and that was  that's right now we have revenues of over $30 million this year in that area. The way things are looking with the loan guarantee and kind of DOE even backing out of the small amount of R&D funding that they promised USEC, we're expecting a nine-month or so delay.  We think our revenues would go from maybe $36 million down to $6 million next year. That's unfortunate because as you well know, if you look across the world probably the two newest enrichment plants are in Iran. 
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: Well, maybe we can do our work over there.
Robert Mehrabian: Well maybe.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James:  So also stimulus money, has that started to work its way down to the municipal government so that you can see some uptake on your environmental instrument business?
Robert Mehrabian: Not so far, Chris. It's had the opposite effect, unfortunately. What's happened is that the municipalities who are under severe budget constraints are shifting some of the monies that they would spend in wastewater cleanup, for example, and projects and waiting for the stimulus money. We haven't seen much of it. I guess if I searched really hard I could dig up maybe half a million dollars here or there, but we haven't seen any. There's supposed to be several billion dollars in wastewater projects, and it just hasn't materialized.
Chris Quilty  Raymond James: You should have been in Cash for Clunkers, that's where all the money was at. So a final question here in terms of the balance sheet and willingness to do large acquisitions, you've kind of said in the past here you're kind of carefully watching the level of debt and sort of balancing concerns about long-term refinancing versus willingness to do larger acquisitions. Has your thought process on that changed at all in the last several months to either being more willing to do larger acquisitions or less so?
Robert Mehrabian: I've got to temper this, but I have to say that maybe we've gone too confident in having done 28 relatively small acquisitions and successfully integrated them. I think we can  I think we feel comfortable that today, that we  more than we did before  that we'll be able to integrate a larger acquisition successfully. A couple of years ago we were still concerned about that, but we feel a little more confidence.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Margo Murtaugh  Snyder Capital.
Margo Murtaugh  Snyder Capital: Yes, thanks. And most of my questions were answered, but your corporate expenses at around $6 million down versus last year. Could you go over the reasons for that and whether you  that will continue in the fourth quarter?
Robert Mehrabian: Let me start and then let Dale answer it. There are pieces of our corporate expenses, like for example, legal work and financial help that we are getting on something like the tax, R&D tax credit and other things that are less, but unless there's also less option expense on the corporate side because we did not offer stock options this year. Anything else, Dale?
Dale A. Schnittjer: Those are the two main drivers, and we still think the corporate expense will be in the $27 million to $27 million-plus area.
Margo Murtaugh  Snyder Capital: And the missile defense business, the $130 million that you had this year, what portion of that is in the engineering service business?
Robert Mehrabian: About $75 million is in the Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance Program. About $30 million is in ground-based missile defense and there's about $23 in integrated testing of missile defense. But I have to say, all of what we do is in engineering services and modeling. But it's all of it is in the engineer system segment.
Margo Murtaugh  Snyder Capital: And is the margin on that like the margin for the segment or is it a little lower?
Robert Mehrabian: The margin for the segment this past quarter were 8.3%. Sometimes they've been as high as 9% or a little better. In the SETA business, which is Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance which is more than half of that, the margins are lower because we have subcontractors that we pass through and that's a lower margin than the rest of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Rubel  Jefferies & Co.
Howard Rubel  Jefferies & Co.: Robert, just to follow up a little bit on what else can you do with the engineering talent that you have in Huntsville as sort of the program goes down? Are you going to go after other contracts? I mean, SETA does seem to be some opportunity as others have sort of had to back away from it. 
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Howard, where we're shifting our attention are two places. First, in the whole area of integrated testing, we have some very unique capabilities that we're exploiting and that's a growth area for us. While it's not very large right now, it's only less than $20 million, that's almost double what we had last year. The other area that is making some headway in is at Aberdeen Proving Ground. We've captured a lot of good programs there recently and we have bids out both in the [cambio] area as well as in the communication area. And finally, the one area that we have emphasis on is in the general nuclear manufacturing because we've been fortunate in that we've kept all of our nuclear manufacturing stamps and we have a significant number of those. And as nuclear plants are being constructed, especially overseas, that is an advantage for us. So even though the gas centrifuge program is gone into a hiatus for a while, we are really working very hard with some of the larger engineering firms to capture that. And lastly, what has happened with our engineering systems business is that they were helping us capture programs that otherwise we couldn't in the other segments. For example, this glider program that I described, and there's some [excellent] programs from DARPA like EXACTO. That's the guided bullet program. So we think we'll have to diversify which in and of itself is a good thing. 
Howard Rubel  Jefferies & Co.: I've got to give you credit to hold aerospace engines components essentially flat despite being down 35% is pretty good or maybe it's better than pretty good. I know it's not what it once was and it probably won't be, but tell me a little bit more about what are you thinking about the market and how you can take advantage of it still and what sort of outlook do you have?
Robert Mehrabian: I think right now we have issues there in terms of both the market and some recalls and God knows we may always have these recall issues and high insurance. What we'd like to do there is keep that market and not lose money. Maybe make a little money for a while until the markets return. I think the opportunity for us is going to be if we can move into the diesel engine market. If we can do that, because that will open up the Far East market to the smaller crowd and also that will open up the market that we haven't participated in which is the small UAV market. So if I were going to say what do I think will happen economically to that market, I don't know because credit's so tight. On the other hand, if we can move into making small diesel engines, that will open up an opportunity that here so far we haven't had. 
Howard Rubel  Jefferies & Co.: Or even take the battery and use that to power an engine.
Robert Mehrabian: There you go.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Mark Jordan  Noble Financial Group.
 :
Mark Jordan  Noble Financial Group:  Just following up on the last question, relative to continental, we've see in some of the local news articles that through the balance of this year at least you're going to short work weeks furloughing the weeks around the holidays. At least on the news articles they're saying you're trying to keep the workforce together with reduced work time. Is this basically a strategy, as you had just mentioned, to keep that business marginally profitable here during the seasonably weaker fourth and first quarters, and therefore you just cut the costs to keep everything in the black?
Robert Mehrabian: What we're trying to do is we're trying to, Mark, keep as much of our, and by the way, this is not unique to that workforce across our businesses, especially our commercial electronic businesses. We are doing that all over the place, going to shorter work weeks, shutting down plants for whole week at a time, taking longer holidays, mainly to keep as many of our people employed as we can because frankly we don't have overseas plants. We just have some small plants in the U.K. All of our workforce, almost all of it, 8,000 or so is in this country. And if we can keep our people working and have some of the others take some voluntary shorter weeks, etc, I think that's healthy both for our company and for our country. So we're doing that not just in aerospace engines but across all of our commercial businesses.
Mark Jordan  Noble Financial Group: And then just as a point of clarification, your goal would be to try and maintain that operation in the black during the seasonally weak Q4, Q1?
Robert Mehrabian: If we can, yes, as much as we can. There are unforeseen circumstances that come about but so far the last two quarters we've managed to stay in the black.
Operator: Your last question comes from Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets.
Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Robert, you talked a little bit about some unique capabilities that you had in the integrated engineering portion of your missile defense work. Can you kind of expand on that and give us some of your thoughts there with what exactly these capabilities are?
Robert Mehrabian: Why don't I do this? First, I can tell you what they are a little bit. Some of it has to do with being able to do architectures that are service oriented. Some of it has to do with modeling and being able to dissimilate hardware in the loop work which is really being able to model with hardware without using the hardware. We're pretty good at those kinds of things. We've invested in software development that's also been helpful. But if you're interested in going more in depth in that, I'll be happy to have our guys give you a short briefing on that.
Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: And then just two quick housekeeping questions for Dale. Dale, I was wondering if you could give me the ending backlog in the quarter and then also just to confirm, where should I be modeling my Q4 tax rate? Am I at 38% to 39% in the quarter? I'm just a little confused there. 
Dale Schnittjer: We are currently looking in the fourth quarter at about 39% for the tax rate. 
Robert Mehrabian: I should tell you, Michael, that we haven't received all of our guidance from IRS yet, so we don't know if there might be any more tax credits or not the rest of this year. So until we hear that, I think Dale is right on. It's going to be about 39%.
Michael Lewis  BB&T Capital Markets: Yes, I'd rather model it high than be conservative.
Robert Mehrabian: I like that. Model it high on the taxes and low on EPS.
Dale Schnittjer: And the backlog is about $830 million. 
Robert Mehrabian: I want to thank you and I'll let Jason conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks Robert again, and thanks everyone for joining us today. If you do have follow-up questions, please feel free to call me. My number is on the earnings release. And again, all the news releases are available on our Web site, Teledyne.com. Operator, if you could give the replay information and conclude the call please. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 10 o'clock am today until November 22nd at midnight. You may access AT&T Executive Playback Service at anytime by dialing 1-800-475-6701 entering the access code 109276. International participants dial 1-320-365-3844 and again, that access code is 109276. And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas H. Reslewic  President, Chief Executive Officer Sean B. OConnor  Vice President  Finance, Chief Financial Officer David Calusdian  Investor Relations, Sharon Merrill Associates
Analysts: John Harmon  Needham & Co. Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners Michael Crawford  B. Riley and Company Brian Riley  B. Riley and Company
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to LeCroy Corporations second quarter fiscal 2009 financial results conference call. Todays call is being recorded. There will be an opportunity for questions and comments after the prepared remarks. (Operator Instructions).  At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, Id like to turn the call over to Mr. David Calusdian of Sharon Merrill Associates. Thank you, Sir. You may begin.
David Calusdian: Good morning, everyone, and welcome. In connection with this conference call LeCroy wishes to take advantage of the safe harbour provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect of statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking under the act. All such forward-looking statements are only estimates of future results and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from these expectations. Information on all of the potential factors that could affect LeCroy Corporations business are described in the companys reports on file with the Securities Exchange Commission as well as in this mornings press release. Any forward-looking statements only represent the companys views as of today, January 28, 2009. While LeCroy may choose to update these forward-looking statements at a later date, the company specifically disclaims any duty to do so. On the call with me this morning are LeCroys president and chief executive officer, Tom Reslewic, and vice president and chief financial officer, Sean OConnor. Ill now turn the call over to Tom. 
Thomas H. Reslewic:   Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. Were glad you could join us today. Ill start things off with our second quarter highlights and then Sean will take you through the financials. After that Ill return with some colour on the order trends, the product road map, the new business pipeline, as well as our guidance and outlook. At that point well turn it over for questions. As you saw in our news release this morning, we wrote off $105.8 million in goodwill this quarter. As with other companies that have made acquisitions in the past few years, external market conditions triggered the impairment of our goodwill on our balance sheet associated with our two protocol acquisitions, CATC and Catalyst. Having to take a charge like this is enormously disappointing to us, as is the downturn in the public equity markets that lead to the write-off in the first place. As a non-cash charge, however, it has no impact on our liquidity and our ability to generate cash going forward. Nor does it affect our banking relationships, how were running the business, or our ability to capitalize on growth opportunities and execute on our product road map.  LeCroy actually performed quite well in the second quarter despite seeing signs of softening in the demand environment starting in mid to late November. Now we all know whats happened to the economy since then. Everything youve been reading in the newspapers is consistent with what were now seeing in our orders and the implications for Q3 and Q4 fiscal 2009 are not encouraging. Before going back to the outlook let me briefly take you through the second quarter business highlights. Our oscilloscope business turned in a solid quarter with orders for scope units the highest in the companys history. In fact, on a local currency basis, second quarter oscilloscope revenues increased 6% compared to a year ago. Late in the first quarter we entered a completely new market segment when we launched our WaveAce series of low cost oscilloscopes. WaveAce is our first scope in the sub-100-MHz space at price points as low as $1,000.  WaveAce did especially well in Europe in the December quarter. We continued to increase our penetration in Europe. We have a strong overall presence in the market and that helps us get new products like the WaveAce out of the gate that much faster.  Although overall European demand was relatively strong in the second quarter orders softened in the US and Asian markets where more customers postponed their spending as the economic outlook deteriorated. Our protocol solutions group rebounded from a soft first quarter in our December quarter as revenues increased greater than 20% from the summer quarter. Were clearly benefiting from our strong position for PCI Express Gen II and USB 3.0, and in our storage protocols SAS and SATA. In fact, our storage protocol orders were up 35% from the sequential first quarter. Our order linearity, or the percentage of total orders that we receive in the first nine weeks of a quarter, was 65% in the second quarter compared with our target of 61%. When we have strong linearity like this that can sometimes indicate late quarter softening, which was certainly the case in the December quarter. Linearity figure for the quarter and the early order trends in the subsequent quarter generally paint a pretty accurate picture of overall demand. Orders in early January were off about 20% compared to a year ago, which is consistent with our expectations for the early part of this quarter.  Total sales for the December quarter were $39.1 million compared with $40.6 million in Q2 last year and $40.7 million in the sequential first quarter. Our overall non-GAAP gross margin increased to 59% for the second quarter, mainly due to lower production costs associated with our latest high-end scope products and a higher percentage of protocol business in the quarter.  Our ability to improve gross margins this quarter was particularly encouraging considering the significant unfavourable impact of foreign currency in the quarter of almost $2 million compared to last year. This figure highlights the relatively strong Q2 performance of the sales and the product margins in local currencies.  In mid-November we started to see some lengthening of the sales cycles and saw order delays that foreshadowed the weakening demand environment that we saw in December and are continuing to see today. We responded with aggressive actions to reduce our cost structure and focus our business on key growth opportunities, including a 10% workforce reduction, termination of several projects that we believed would yield limited return on investment, and as a result we exited our optical scope product line in one of our programs and protocol incurring a non-cash inventory charge of $2.7 million. We also cut salaries across the board by 10%, reduced variable compensation, and suspended the companys 401K match plan. We expect these initiatives, in addition to those implemented at the beginning of the current quarter, to generate cost savings of approximately $8 million annually. In our current quarter well get a significant benefit from these actions, but it will be in the fourth quarter that well see the full benefit. Our non-GAAP net income for the second quarter was $1.7 million compared with $2.4 million for the second quarter of 2008. This translates into non-GAAP EPS of $0.14 a diluted share for the quarter compared with $0.20 in the same quarter a year ago. With that Ill turn it over to Sean to review the financials in more detail.
Sean B. OConnor: Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. In my discussion Ill occasionally be referring to non-GAAP operating results. We use non-GAAP results as a supplement to our results based on GAAP because we believe this provides additional insight into our underlying results and can enhance the understanding of the companys ongoing business. The press release we issued this morning contains a reconciliation of the non-GAAP results to their most closely related GAAP results. The non-GAAP adjustments in the second quarter include the following special charges.  First, a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of approximately $105.771 million, which was primarily generated from the CATC and Catalyst protocol analyzer acquisitions. Id just like to spend a few minutes providing additional background on this item. It was the volatility in decline in the public equity markets that unfortunately had an adverse effect on our stock price during the most recent quarter. Since our market capitalization value was below our net book value, including goodwill, we were required to reassess our goodwill impairment analysis. So following FAS 142, we performed with the assistance of an outside valuation expert a fair value analysis which included valuing the companys tangible and then significant intangible assets. However, the company is not allowed to record these much higher values on the books. The result of this analysis established that the estimated fair value was fully applied to identifiable assets, which results in a goodwill impairment charge. While this large non-cash charge has an impact on our GAAP earnings for the second quarter it is important to note that it does not affect the companys operations, liquidity, or ability to generate future cash flows. The second special charge we incurred was the recording of a severance restructuring charge of $1.471 million. Third, a non-cash inventory business realignment charge of $2.736 million, plus $16,000 for the purchase accounting fair value adjustment of Catalyst inventory that was sold. And last, a non-cash share-based compensation expense of approximately $158,000.  Turning to the second quarter results, as Tom mentioned, primarily due to currency headwinds revenue for the second quarter decreased 3.6% to $39.1 million from $40.6 million for the year-earlier quarter. Revenues were down approximately 4% from the sequential first quarter. Our cost of sales in the second quarter was $18.8 million. This includes first the $2.7 million non-cash inventory write down and the $16,000 charge for the incremental purchase accounting adjustment for Catalyst inventory that was sold. Second, $55,000 for restructuring severance charges. And last, $14,000 of share-based compensation expense.  Excluding the non-cash inventory write down and the other charges our non-GAAP gross margin for the second quarter was 59%. This compares with 58.7% non-GAAP gross margin for the same period last year and 56.7% for the sequential first quarter. Gross margins are up 230 basis points from the first quarter, primarily due to the higher mix of protocol products relative to scope products, as well as the improved cost of goods associated with new scope product introductions. Total operating expense for the second quarter was approximately $127.4 million. This included $105 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge, $1.4 million in severance restructuring charges of which $849,000 was charged to SG&A and $567,000 was charged to R&D, $144,000 in share-based compensation expense of which approximately $71,000 was charged to SG&A and $73,000 was charged to R&D. Excluding these items non-GAAP R&D expense was $8.2 million or 20.9% of revenues. Due to certain NREs associated with the new WaveMaster 8 series we launched in January, this is slightly higher from an R&D expense of $7.8 million or 19.2% of revenues for Q2 last year.  Excluding the special non-cash cost I just mentioned, non-GAAP SG&A expense in the second quarter was $11.9 million or 30.5% of revenues, which is in line compared with $11.9 million or 29.4% of revenues in the same period last year.  Turning to operating income on a GAAP basis, including the non-cash charges, we generated a second quarter loss of $107.2 million compared to a $2.3 million profit for Q2 last year. excluding the non-cash goodwill impairment and other charges our Q2 2009 non-GAAP operating income was $3 million or 7.7% non-GAAP operating margin. This compares with $4.1 million or 10.1% non-GAAP operating margin in the second quarter of last year.  Other expense was $883,000 for the second quarter. This consisted primarily of net interest expense of $916,000 offset by a $33,000 foreign currency gain. In the corresponding quarter of fiscal 2008 we reported other expense of $1.2 million, primarily net interest expense and foreign currency loss.  Our effective tax rate on a GAAP basis for the second quarter was approximately 1.1% compared with 10.3% for the same period last year. excluding the impact of the primarily non-deductable goodwill impairment and share-based compensation expense and other special charges, the full year normalized tax rate was approximately 30% compared to 31.5% in the year-ago period. In addition, the company benefitted this quarter from [inaudible] associated with the filing of our tax return, as well as the impact of the retroactive reinstatement of the R&D credit.  For the second quarter of 2009 we recorded a GAAP net loss of $106.8 million or $8.93 per share. This includes the after-tax effects of the goodwill and other non-cash 123R charges previously noted. Excluding those charges our non-GAAP net income was $1.7 million or $0.14 per diluted share. This compares with non-GAAP net income of $2.4 million or $0.20 per share in the same period last year.  The number of shares outstanding used to compute the second quarter GAAP EPS was 11.962 million shares. This compares with 12.1 million diluted shares outstanding in the same period last year, which is approximately the same amount of shares we used for our current non-GAAP earnings per share. Now turning to the balance sheet. Our cash position was approximately $9.2 million at the end of the quarter. During the quarter we repurchased approximately 65,000 shares of company stock paying approximately $393,000 or an average price of $6.04.  Our Q2 net accounts receivable balance decreased to $32 million compared with a prior year-end balance of $33.3 million.  Inventory decreased by approximately $400,000 during the quarter to $35 million. This is primarily due to the write down of inventory previously described offset by the demo inventory built for the new WaveMaster 8 product launch.  In Q2 we used cash from operations of approximately $770,000 due primarily to the increased inventory requirements associated with the WaveMaster introduction.  Capital expenditures for the second quarter was approximately $870,000 and depreciation and amortization was $1.6 million. Today the company currently employees 419 employees, down from 462 employees last quarter. About 65% are in the United States, 21% in Europe, and 14% in Asia-Pacific. Our annualized revenue per employee was $345,000 in the second quarter of fiscal 2009, down slightly from $353,000 last quarter.  So to wrap up, as Tom mentioned, although were generally pleased with our second quarter operating results we believe there will be challenges in 2009. However, our reduced cost structure positions us well to manage this economic cycle. We have a strong team, clear vision, and confidence that the companys recently launched product portfolio, as well as upcoming exciting new product introductions, will enable us to come out of this economic down cycle in even stronger company and better position for future growth. Ill now turn the call back to Tom.
Thomas H. Reslewic: Okay. Thank you, Sean. Ill pick up here with a little bit more colour on the business starting with the oscilloscope products. Were certainly in the midst of a recession and some complicated balance sheet moves, but its also true that were in the midst of the most ambitious product roll-out campaign in LeCroys history. Q2 was a very strong quarter for scopes. Despite the slowdown in the economy in November and December, oscilloscope unit sales were up more than 20% compared to last year. It was a record quarter for oscilloscope units at LeCroy. As I mentioned, orders for the new WaveAce in Europe drove a lot of this growth in units. We entered the low-cost space with some uncertainty about future developments in this market, but we are very pleased with our results to date. Were developing a strong third-party distribution channel primarily to sell our low-end product lines starting with the WaveSurfer and the WaveJet. Adding the WaveAce has given our distributors a sub-$1000 product to sell for the first time and this has greatly improved their effectiveness in the market. In addition, by opening up a presence for LeCroy in the low-cost market, WaveAce enables us to put a great new product in the hands of engineers, students, and others involved at levels of the design process where brand familiarity and loyalty are typically created, not just in Europe but in the rest of the markets around the world. So if you look at the scope market overall, the segment thats been affected the most by the economic slowdown is the mid range of the market, our WaveRunners and WavePros. Our WavePro 7 series launched in Q1 with great customer feedback, very strong initial sales pipeline, a lot of orders and so forth. While the sales funnel remains very high, orders are coming out of the pipeline rather slowly. Contributing to this effect is a sharp slowdown in orders from data storage customers.  The very high-end products, on the other hand, seem to be somewhat less affected. If youre running an R&D project that absolutely depends on the performance of a high-end tool you have a better chance of getting your purchases approved for budget and for spending. We launched our latest high-end scope, the WaveMaster 8 Zi in the beginning of the current third quarter. Were having a very enthusiastic response from customers. The sales funnel is developing nicely. Were actually seeing more early orders than we might have expected due to the high ticket price. At the other end of the spectrum, products like the WaveAce and WaveSurfer seem to sit below certain sign-off thresholds, so those orders are also moving through the sales pipeline. It really seems to be the mid-range product line where the slowness has impacted us the most.  As I mentioned earlier, this mid-range is also hurting due to segment issues. The erosion in the disc drive market in particular. When the disc drive industry sneezes our mid-range scopes, like the Runner and the Probe, get sick. What looked like mid-range sniffles in the second quarter is developing into a full-blown cold here in the third quarter.  In terms of our market segments, data storage isnt the only one facing major headwinds. The computer, semi-conductor, and consumer electronics segment remain the largest component of our business at 32% of total in the second quarter, but many companies in this space have made the front page recently announcing conservative outlooks and spending cutbacks.  Our next largest segment is the automotive electronics industry which, despite being part of a generally weak industry, increased to 23% of our total business in the second quarter. Data storage, which is in deep recession, represented only about 11% of our total business in Q2, which is the lowest level in many, many quarters for a disc drive at LeCroy.  Looking at the business geographically, the strong performance of our European scope business was born out in the numbers again this quarter as sales in Europe were up more than 9% year over year. We believe that LeCroy is continuing to gain share in that region. North America was down substantially in the second quarter as sales declined about 15% from the second quarter last year. In the Asia-Pacific region overall business was roughly flat year on year with Japan actually posting about 15% growth while the rest of Asia declined by about the same amount.  Turning to our protocol business, as I mentioned before, the top line of PSG was up about 20% from the sequential first quarter. But sales were still down by about 10% compared to a year ago. In fact, the sequential quarter comparison was fairly easy because Q1 was unusually slow. A number of customers delayed orders waiting for the new storage and USB 3.0 solutions, and in addition demand for PCI Express in the summer quarter was relatively soft.  As we expected, orders for our Voyager USB 3.0 solution were a significant uptick in Q2. Voyagers been very well received because it allows customers to buy USB 2.0 capability today with a migration path to 3.0, which offers significantly higher speeds.  The PSG unit remains very profitable and we feel good about where weve positioned the business. Were number one in market share in every segment we serve. Our growth trajectory in protocol will depend on three factors. First, the underlying evolution of the standards and their adoption rates in areas like PCI Express, storage, and super speed USB 3.0. The second driver, of course, is the economy, in particular its impact on the computer and storage markets. We dont have any special insight into where the economys going, but what we can do and are doing is preparing ourselves with new solutions that can drive growth when demand recovers. The final growth factor for the protocol business is our ability to deploy our protocol technology into new product areas. Weve started a number of organic developments in this area and we expect to launch a series of new products in the next several months. The good thing about protocol is that the product development cycles are much shorter than in the scope business and our road map is very well aligned with where we believe the industry will be in terms of standards, adoption, and deployment when the markets ready. Now lets turn to our outlook and financial guidance. As I mentioned before, we believe that LeCroy is well positioned to weather this recession and its impact on the test-to-measurement market. We have significantly trimmed our fixed costs and expect to maintain positive operating margins in the low single digits during the down turn.  We also expect to reliably generate cash as we reduce our inventory in the next few quarters. Inventory has increased due to the significant roll out of new products and our initial plans for much higher production rates during the current quarter.  The products weve recently launched are generating strong interest and will gain market share for LeCroy. Weve enhanced and focused our R&D capabilities, and on the heels of our latest WaveMaster 8 Zi series of scopes we expect to continue launching new products based on this Apollo chip set throughout calendar 2009. The market reaction thus far to our new WaveMaster 8 Zi has been excellent and our initial order indications are also excellent. Our sales force will continue to aggressively call in our customers and well be prepared with high performance products when the economy improves and our customers are ready to increase their investments and test equipment. Now, due to the unusually volatile markets and uncertain economy, we do not have strong visibility beyond the current third fiscal quarter. As a result, were rescinding our full-year 2009 guidance and until further notice we will provide guidance solely on a quarter basis.  While we did not experience a dramatic slowdown in the December quarter, we are concerned about the strength of the demand environment for the first half of the calendar 2009. Weve modelled our business to anticipate year over year revenue declines in the range of 10% to 20% from our $40 million quarter baseline. I should point out that modelling means just that; weve prepared ourselves for this range of outcomes and we know that we can manage under a wide variety of circumstances like these ones Ive described. Were still not comfortable predicting where the demand market will settle out. These cost reductions weve taken would enable us to be profitable even in the event of a decrease in revenue of more than 20% from our baseline of $40 million should market conditions deteriorate to those levels. That said, we currently expect to report revenues for the third quarter of fiscal 2009 in the range of $32 million to $36 million with non-GAAP operating margins in the range of 3% to 5%.  With that well stop and take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, well now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions).  Your first question comes from John Harmon  Needham & Co.
John Harmon  Needham & Co.: Hi. Good morning. Tom, just first of all clarification. I think in your remarks you, Im talking about the product line that you said you exited. You almost, it sounded like you started to say scope, but then you said a protocol analyzer. It was a protocol analyzer, right?
Thomas H. Reslewic: Actually, two products. We eliminated one protocol program and we eliminated a development effort and some products in optical, a part of our sampling scope product line. So yes, some optical products we have exited were in the scope line.
John Harmon  Needham & Co.: Okay. Thank you. And just curious, I mean, you said your new high-end oscilloscope ATI is selling well. Could there have been enough demand for oscilloscopes with bandwidth greater than 18 GHz out there? 
Thomas H. Reslewic: I dont think thats the right way to look at it. In fact, you know, weve launched a product line with bandwidths that ranged, in this high-end product line the product line has bandwidths from 4 to 30 GHz. But we havent really been able to show or ship the 30 GHz products at this point. We expect to do that maybe as soon as in the next couple of weeks we expect to be able to show those products for the first time.  Most of the demand that were seeing and the early orders are all in what I would consider the sweet spot of the high end at 13 and 16 GHz with some interest around 20 GHz as well. But really its been the 13 and 16 GHz products that have generated the most interest and that happens to be a bandwidth space where were not first. Our competitors have products in those spaces. So were pretty confident that many of the traditional LeCroy advantages play very well, particularly when we can now offer signal acquisition capabilities for signals that require bandwidths up in the 13 and 16 GHz range.  And I just want to clarify, too, I think there are very good signs in the early orders for these high-end products. But we really didnt, these are not super high-volume products. We really did not count on a huge number of these things on a per-quarter basis. Surprisingly, early in this third quarter, weve already booked more orders for this WaveMaster 8 Zi than we would have initially expected in a full quarter. So thats really great. The other side of that, though, is that the mid-range products, you know, you really need the mid-range products to provide a very, very steady base business that your high-end products can sit up on top of. Its that base business from the mid-range products that just seems to be taking much more of a beating in the demand environment.
John Harmon  Needham & Co.: Thank you. And just finally, remind us about in general how long your technology cycles for oscilloscopes are. In other words, how long in general does it take for a newly introduced technology like your Apollo chip set to proliferate from a high end towards more mid-range and [inaudible] oscilloscopes?
Thomas H. Reslewic: All right. So just take the page right out of history. The last time we launched a chip set like Apollo was 2002. That chip set was called Genie, in fact. We started working on the Genie chip set in 1999. It took us three years from the time we started working on the chip set to deploy. We deployed it at the highest end of the product line and only at the highest end of the product line. That Genie chip set today powers todays WaveRunner, which is the highest volume and most profitable product line in LeCroys entire portfolio. So here we are six years after launch and almost 10 years after we started the development program and the devices from the Genie chip set are really driving the mid-range of our product line. So I think that gives you a sensation. Weve been working on this Apollo chip set for a couple of years. Were now seeing the chip set deployed in the WaveMasters and the WavePros, and theres no doubt in my mind that this chip set and its variance and its children will populate mid-range and high-end LeCroy scopes for quite some time to come. 
John Harmon  Needham & Co.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Crawford  B. Riley and Company.
Michael Crawford  B. Riley and Company: Thanks. Now I understand, I know your protocol business has gross margins closer to 80%. Where would you expect the scope margins to trend given the better cost structure you have with your new products?
Thomas H. Reslewic: Yeah, I think, to clarify, the product margins in the protocol business are closer to 80%, but the overall gross margin in that business sits more like in the mid-70s. And the scope business has been sitting in the low 50s, but I expect that will just continue to tick up. I would think that, I need a normal demand environment first of all. I need the demand environment to be somewhat consistent with what weve seen in the last couple of quarters and certainly maybe not such the currency headwinds. But on a comparable basis to where we were I think theres five full points of margin to be gained in the scope business as a function of the new product structure and our overall product mix. I think we could get closer to 60%.  There are a couple of asterisk on that. So for example, if the WaveAce product line, which is at the low end of our product line, has a pretty different cost structure. We dont spend the same in R&D, we dont spend the same in selling, our gross margins there are net of selling costs effectively because we sell through buy-and-sell distributor channels. If that product were to really take off and substantially change the mix structure in our business that would have a very positive effect on gross margin dollars and on revenue growth. But it would certainly take it the other way in terms of gross margin percentage.  So all things being equal, Id say our gross margin percentage is going to eek up a fair amount due to the new products, but there is that asterisk on substantial change if the WaveAce product line at the low end suddenly becomes more successful than we thought.
Michael Crawford  B. Riley and Company: Right. So, two kind of points sprout out of that regarding what are you looking for in WaveAce say in, maybe not in 2009, but in 2010 if that were a more normalized environment.
Thomas H. Reslewic: Well, I think again the answer to that is it depends. Weve got, weve already got what were originally looking for. Which is were not looking t make a major play in the economy space. We dont really feel thats the main element of our strategy. What we wanted to do in the economy segment is to provide just enough economy products so that our third party distribution partners have a broad enough product portfolio to make them feel comfortable. So the distributors that weve worked with really like our WaveJet and WaveSurfer, but they sit at pretty much the high end of a distributors product line. These distributors like to have products that reach all the way down to this thousand dollar and below price point. so we wanted to make sure that we had an offering that really gave the distributors a feeling that they could really be a full scope product line distributor with us. Thats why we embarked on the WaveAce program and thats worked very well.  The volumes are already starting to look like they could be higher than we expected. And were really in the beginning of our WaveAce product development. Today we have just a number of two-channel products over several bandwidths. Theres quite a healthy road map in front of us for what we want to do with the WaveAce.  I think its a little too early to call it. I think that the good news is we are not depending on big volumes from the WaveAce. Were kind of getting what we wanted and I think theres nothing but upside there. Were kind of new to this space as well, so I think were going to learn a lot from our distributors and from the run rates and from the customers who tell us how to enhance and improve the features of our WaveAce. I kind of see it as a work in progress. Its certainly going to be hard for me to tell how the current demand environment will alter those expectations. But Id say that we have a good road map that we plan to pursue and in a year from now I think well be a lot smarter on the WaveAce and well know a lot more about what our real possibilities in this space might look like.
Michael Crawford  B. Riley and Company: Okay. Great. And final question is, in an environment where LeCroys business is down 10% to 20% is that an environment where you think youre going to be taking market share in the test-and-measurement industry? Im wondering what your outlook is for the whole environment and, in that regard, I think [Deniner] reported the other day that the tectronics business was down kind of mid-single digits I think last quarter right? 
Thomas H. Reslewic: Yeah. I thought they said the high-single digits in the scope business in the December quarter. That doesnt tell me very much about whats going to happen in the upcoming quarter because from our perspective on a local currency basis our scope business was actually up 6% in the December quarter and just about flat on a net of exchange rates. But I really do not see the December quarter finish as very indicative of whats in front of us from a demand perspective. You may remember from hearing me speak on this matter before, Im reasonably conservative and even a bit concerned that the demand environment in the next couple of quarters could be rather difficult. I think that weve said 10% to 20%; I dont know exactly where well land across that spectrum. Id sure love to land at the not-so-bad end of that spectrum. Were prepared for a lot worse.  And also I think the other thing thats important is to really look at the segments that were in. Our business is really very focused on three segments: data storage, computers and consumer electronics type accounts, and the automotive electronics business. That automotive electronics business is largely centred in Europe, which performed very, very well in 2008. But I expect that the Europeans will now get on their new business plans for 2009 that will be a little bit more conservative.  I would say certainly in all of these major segments, which I think make up a very, very large chunk of the scope market, theres no doubt in my mind that when I look at the product portfolio that we have and the reception that were getting from customers I would really believe that were going to take share in the places where we play.  The government and military applications space is not a huge business for LeCroy. Its probably about 13% or 14% of our business overall this past quarter. I think other players with a larger percentage in government and military, I might do a little bit better there because I think that segment seems to initially be a little bit more insulated from some of the problems in anything sort of in the flow of chips from chip makers to computer makers to consumer electronics device makers.
Michael Crawford  B. Riley and Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Yeah. Good morning. A few questions, actually. The first one is, you mentioned that you did some share buy backs. What is the average price for the shares that you purchased during the quarter?
Sean B. OConnor: It was $6.04, Ajit.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Yet how could you, Im just looking at your stock price during that quarter and how could it, I mean, did you do everything in the first week?
Sean B. OConnor: It was very early in the quarter, yes. 
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. The second question, Im just looking at your financial liquidity, especially given the kind of guidance youve provided right now with the low to middle single-digit operating margins. Your overall cash position right now is about $9 million and then the debt is $70.9 million. Two questions regarding that. One is that the charges that you took, I know that in your [inaudible] that you had I think a covenant for the total net worth. Is that impacted at all by this or was that only tangible? I havent had a chance to go through the document itself. Over and beyond that, you know, with this drop in your revenue and the cash [inaudible] that youre seeing right now, how would you prioritize the users of cash flows or the EBIDTA that youd be getting and what is going to happen in terms of your debt schedule in terms of repayment? Can you, have you renegotiated it? Are you in discussions on that? Some colour there would be helpful. 
Sean B. OConnor: Sure. With regard to the first question, the goodwill impairment charge did not count against the net worth nor any of the other covenants. So theres no issues with regard to that. We expect to, in terms of the priority of our future cash flow, to quickly pay off the remaining bank debt and then reassess during that same time period because the stock is fairly low, the bond itself is trading at a discount, were going to reassess on a case by case to repurchase at a later point.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: But can you buy your bonds in the market rather than paying down the bank debt? Or thats not an option?
Sean B. OConnor: No, we can do either or. 
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Either or. But if you repay your bank debt then youll have to do it at full price, but the bonds you can actually buy at a discount, right?
Sean B. OConnor: Thats exactly right.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then when youre looking very broadly at the opportunities that are open to you in terms of financing right now, given that you had, you know, the term loan and it will revolving with a debt on the horizon, are you in discussions for any other form of financing right now as far as your debt is concerned?
Sean B. OConnor: So we have, because we still have a couple years, Ajit, its kind of far out. Its a little premature. We think our current facility is fairly adequate, is very adequate. This doesnt come up until, we figure well start looking at it in another year or year-plus.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: A year or year-plus. Which means that so far, and then when youre looking at the, like, the distributors, especially since your working capital requirements are quite significant right now. I also wanted to get some colour onto the, are the distributors feeling any kind of impact from the credit crisis right now? Are you being forced to use more of your capital and inventory that they keep? What is the payment terms of the distributors right now? Is it a percentage of what youre putting out there on consignment or is it all sort of bought by the distributors? Could you give us some colour as to how that works?
Thomas H. Reslewic: Yeah. Actually, I would say that for the most part where we feel were in very good shape with the distributors. So we dont finance or carry any of the distributors inventory. All of the inventory distributors is purchased on conventional terms. We havent had to do anything about that at this point. in fact, our business has been running relatively smoothly on the distribution side, particularly in Europe where typically the distribution orders are occurring at the beginnings of quarters, not the ends of quarters. So we feel like our distributors have been very responsible in terms of how much inventory theyve taken and weve been very careful to make sure that they dont have too much. Its all been done on a conventional buy-sell basis. So it hasnt been a working capital drain on us at all from the inventory side. We have some situations in Asia where the receivables have gotten a little bit long due to the erosion in some of the end markets there, but we dont have anything thats really out of the ordinary in that respect.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: And what percentage of your overall revenue right now is through distribution?
Thomas H. Reslewic: Its still relatively low. Its probably somewhere in the 15% to 20% range.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: And the vast majority of that is on traditional terms. Its bought the moment its received, I mean, on regular terms, right?
Sean B. OConnor: Yeah. A hundred percent.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: A hundred percent?
Sean B. OConnor: Yeah.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from Brian Riley  B. Riley and Company.
Brian Riley  B. Riley and Company: Hey, guys. A couple questions. Can you talk about working capital and where in this environment ideally that would sit? In other words, how much money is in working capital that you can pull out of the business?
Thomas H. Reslewic: I would say that the largest near-term opportunity is in the inventory and thats largely within our control. So we dont feel that the environment per se is causing us any particular issues there. Ill kind of give you the broad picture in terms of the strategy and then Ill let Sean take you through some of the details of the numbers.  The inventory has really been a function of two things right now. The first is weve had a wave of three relatively significant new product launches. New product launches in terms of platforms. So the new WavePro platform, the new WaveMaster platform, the WaveAce platform, and all these things while weve kept supporting the customers with the Legacy platforms and havent discontinued any of our older products, thats put significant uptick in terms of demo inventory for the sales force demonstration as well as production oriented inventory.  Our production plans, as we stated to launch these products our production plans and sales plans for the December quarter as well as the March quarter were significantly higher than what were expecting to experience now. So thats caused a little bit of a swell in inventory as well. At the point were at now we feel like were really in a position to start letting that inventory work itself down. Were pulling back a lot of the demos. Were not starting to make some moves on the Legacy products. So all those things that are starting to give us an opportunity to probably yank, I would say, $7 million or $8 million out of the inventory over the next couple quarters and maybe as much as $10 million over the next year.  A/R is a little different. I think A/R will tend to come back in as well. I dont think theres as much of an opportunity there because a lot of that gets driven by this overall environment and big customers and important customers and distributors who tend to pay a little bit more slowly in this environment.  Maybe Ill give you Sean to give a couple of the numbers.
Sean B. OConnor: I think you kind of covered it all, Tom. We really believe that theres several million dollars that we can take out in the near term in the inventory line, particularly with some aggressive demo inventory sell-off. We had to bring in a lot of inventory for higher production plans that we expected in this quarter and as well as next quarter. Theres definitely opportunity, Brian, to take out significant inventory and turn it into cash.
Brian Riley  B. Riley and Company: Okay. Can you talk a little bit, obviously when you make cuts youre taking all the data that you have and maybe within your industry and some external data and doing the best you can. Can you talk about (a) if the environment got worse how much more room, are we at like knock one right now and what would it mean. Secondarily, if the world gets better, with some of the things that youve done now, how will that affect the business in a year if the world got better and given some of the cuts youve made.
Thomas H. Reslewic: When you say cuts youre talking about the moves that weve made on all the expenses?
Brian Riley  B. Riley and Company: Yeah. Write offs and that. 
Thomas H. Reslewic: Okay. I think that we felt that we wanted to be on the conservative side. We wanted to be comfortable that we could maintain not just the break-even point but generate enough operating income to cover all of our debt services and steer clear of any covenant issues and so forth. Even if the business were to drop not 20% off of our plans but 20% off of the baseline run rate, which was $40 million. We believe that weve set ourselves up to run in the very low 30s if necessary and probably even $30 million a quarter if we had to and still be safe in all operating dimensions. Weve made a lot of adjustments in our personnel. A lot of the actions that weve taken have been in the areas of compensation reduction and discretionary expense reductions. So those things dont impact programs quite as much. We did do our across the board 10% reduction in headcount and so that has a little bit more bearing.  But I think if I look at the R&G programs that are in place and all the projects I still feel very good about executing our road map in the near term. We were very careful not to take out some key chip developments. So we expect that whether its a year, year and a half, two years, however many quarters it takes before were back into an up cycle, we want to be hitting that up cycle with next generation of products and that requires technology development. So we did not take out some rather expensive programs in chip developments. Those are really expensive. You could imagine saying, oh, wed rather lose less jobs and defer big chip developments, but that would be a real mistake for the company. So we feel that keeping our technology programs on track is something that weve managed to do during this process.  Now, if things uptick a little bit faster I think that just means that we can resume some of the, take some of the programs off the shelf, some of the extra extraordinary things that wed like to do and dust off some of those plans and get back to them a little bit faster. Right now we feel reasonably well set up for a reasonably extreme drop off in demand. 
Brian Riley  B. Riley and Company: Okay. Thank you. Just in terms of capital or asset management, just a thought for whatever its worth. I guess, you know, our view would be certainly appreciate the stock buyback and taking advantage of that. One has always been a proponent. But weve got a $30 million market capital. Weve got a tonne of leverage equity upside given the leverage in the company. I think really whats going to concern people more, and I think youve heard a little bit with the previous gentleman, is what 2011. And to the extent that you can provide clarity or confidence, whether its buying back bonds or whatever it is, I think its a good thing. Having said that, I do think that nothing sends a message to vendors, customers, employees, and shareholders alike inside buybacks or inside purchases. The board and the management team, I think you guys have done a good job and really reacted quickly, but I think from my perspective Id like to see the money put in. Its one thing to own stock through [inaudible] and things like that, but its a different one and sends a different message if you put your own money to work and those things are difficult and all that. I just would want to emphasize that. I think it would send a positive message to everybody. Thank you.
Thomas H. Reslewic: Yeah. We completely understand your views there and its something that we take seriously. I want to make one remark on the bonds because I think we have not really said anything definitively about that. We see these bonds as extremely attractive from a pricing perspective. We really would love to be in a position to be pursuing them a bit more. Our priorities, though, are very clear and they have been for some time. To me the absolute first priority is to be confident of where this top line is going to settle out. I do believe that it will, what seems murky and unclear right now will reveal itself over the next, whether its six weeks, eight weeks, or 13 weeks, Im not sure, but I do not believe a quarter from now that the outlook will be as uncertain. It might be lower. It might not be a pleasant place from a demand environment. But I think it will be a bit more clear.  Once we have a clear sensation of the top line and we understand how our cost structures map into that and we get a very, very clear bead on our cash generation, then I think its quite appropriate for us to start asking the questions about how do we capitalize on opportunities to strengthen our overall position by looking at these discounted bonds or by looking at the inexpensive shares. Were all over that, but we really want to make sure that we keep our priorities straight and make sure that we have taken care of the primary function, which is to make sure that the business can remain profitable under all circumstances. That requires a bit more clarity on where the top line is going to settle out.  I appreciate your patience in us kind of getting through that first piece before we attack the second one. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Harmon  Needham & Co. 
John Harmon  Needham & Co.: Hi. In that same vein Id like to harp on the bonds a little bit more, please. More referring to Ajits question. Clearly your stock is in a different place than it was a quarter ago. But at least at that time how did you make the decision to do buybacks versus buying back these bonds at a discount? Certainly were in an environment where investors are very sensitive to credit related issues. Would it be likely that you would be more likely to buy back bonds versus share buybacks in the future?
Thomas H. Reslewic: Yes. The answer to that is yes. We see the bonds as a more attractive and even more appropriate thing to do with excess cash thats generated beyond immediate needs. So I think were all on the same page there. We see a real opportunity to reduce the leverage by capitalizing on the market situation. I just reiterate as I have many times that priority one is making sure that were cash generative under all circumstances and that our liquidity is safe. Our priority two is to go look at those bonds. 
John Harmon  Needham & Co.: Okay. Now that thats settle a more product related question. A while ago you gave three drivers for the protocol business and you said it was up 20% in the quarter. In prior calls youve been saying that the final adopt standards have been holding the business back. That probably didnt change in the last quarter, so what works in the quarter that drove growth in protocol?
Thomas H. Reslewic: Yeah. I think we have a bit of a saw tooth going on in protocol. So its far more useful to look at protocol over a longer trend than just quarter to quarter because we have some effects quarter to quarter that are based on things like customers adoption of new platforms and products that weve released. So we released towards the end of the summer quarter both new products in the USB 3.0 as well as in the storage market. I think we had some customer hold off in the first quarter waiting for some of those new products to get to market and have software releases that they could evaluate and fully understand. Of course, a lot of that stuff did happen and it drove some of the adoption in the second quarter. So weve got this choppiness thats related somewhat to us rolling out new products and software releases and so forth. The scope business is such that the product development cycles and the market conditions are such that you can time your product launches and we usually try to time them around the beginnings of quarters and things like that. The protocol business with four and five months product development cycles you cant have a 90-day window or interval with which you can launch products. So we get a little bit of that choppiness.  I wouldnt say that theres any magic elixir that we took that made us go up 20% in the second quarter. Its kind of what got held back in Q1 got made up for in q2. 
John Harmon  Needham & Co.: That helps. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Just looking at your tax rate, its been quite volatile recently. I think youve had some of these R&D credits and the changes in geography. But its come down from the very high 30s on an average basis to the low 30s. Can you help us think about what a tax rate would be like over the next couple of quarters and potentially into next year as well what we should be considering?
Sean B. OConnor: Sure. So currently weve seen a lot of talk in Washington about making the R&D credit permanent. That kind of does a number on a lot of companies effective tax rate. But we are modelling today at a 30% rate and we think that is the go-forward rate at this point.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: And the charges that you took in this particular quarter, do they help your tax rate for the next couple of quarters to be substantially lower than 30?
Sean B. OConnor: No. We essentially set up deferred tax, we take the deferred tax impact of those in the quarter that it happens.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. And then just looking at competitive dynamics. Youve talked about how youve made some tremendous progress in terms of new products and the traction youre getting, but in terms of competitive response what are you seeing out of your two largest competitors on the oscilloscope side? The pricing environment, I think you talked about why your gross margin is not necessarily to do with pricing the other factors at play, but whether that is something that could potentially see some pressure if you see the slowdown continue. And then also from an MNA perspective right now, just given the current scale of your business, the current scale of your competitors, whether its something that you can still be active on or the fact that your stock price and leverage on your balance sheet is sort of limiting some of those options right now.
Thomas H. Reslewic: Okay. So Ill start with the competitive dynamic first and then touch base and move on to the MNA point second.  We have two very strong and worthy competitors in the market. Their competitive dynamics are on an ongoing basis everybody, somebody innovates in a new area, pushes ahead, brings out a new capability and the other guys need to react and try to address those capabilities with customers. In general, all of the competitors do a good job at that. I think whats different today is that for the past two or three years we havent really been in the high end of the market with our end game. We havent really had the current generation of silicon to really be able to stand up and compete nose to nose with our top competitors. I think thats the difference today. The idea that somehow weve now done something that our competitors cant respond to or wont respond to, I dont tend to look at it that way. I think that weve just really given ourselves an opportunity to play at the high end and bring traditional LeCroy advantages in wave shape analysis and deep analysis tools that customers have long liked into those particular segments of the market up at the high end. Competitors do what you would expect; they look at their own products, they try to position what they consider to be their best features against ours, and this is a standard process that goes around and around. The difference is that in the world of 13, 16, 20 GHz, the high-end serial data signals that count, we are in the game and have a real good opportunity to play and win. And I think thats really the difference there. The long-term competitive dynamic remains somewhat constant in this business and Im just glad to be part of it up here with high bandwidth.
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: And no one has competed on prices yet as far as that goes, right? Its all on differentiation of the product.
Thomas H. Reslewic: Yeah. You know, Ive really been answering the pricing question for many, many years in really the good up cycle times as well as the down cycle times. To say that the business is not price competitive would be incorrect. We do battle on price. But at the end of the day we all have relatively high gross margin products. We are all trying to differentiate technically. We are each trying to figure out the one special thing that the customer needs to do more than anything else and figure out which key feature or capability of ours or the other guys product is the best fit. So the battles, while the purchasing department likes to get a discount and likes to participate in the process, the technical buyers and users have tremendous amounts of control over what gets selected because theyre the guys with the big problem thats trying to get solved. That means the battle is still primarily one of technical differentiation, not pricing. 
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. And then the MNA.
Thomas H. Reslewic: Yeah, I think MNA is one of those things thats kind of hard to speculate in the hypothetical. Theres no situation where the phone would ring and somebody would say theres this company that is a very good fit for your thing here or theyre interested in your piece of business for this or that. Theres no phone call that you would turn away by saying sorry, the balance sheet isnt right, or sorry, the share prices isnt right or the demand environment isnt right. So I think you cant generalize these things. You have to talk to people that bring opportunities forward. you have to look around and see whats available that might make your business or somebody elses business work a little bit better. Having said that in general, youre right. At this point in time were really trying to focus on making sure that our core business operates successfully in this environment. We have a couple of very interesting organic developments under way that are about to actually bear fruit relatively in the near future, things that we havent been into before that could be quite interesting. Were tending right now to drive more organic things and to focus on our core business and profitability and liquidity. But we just never say never to any opportunities that may come along. 
Ajit Pai  Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing comments.
Thomas H. Reslewic: Okay. Great. Thanks, everyone, for listening. We appreciate your interest in LeCroy this morning and well look forward to speaking to you again when we announce our third quarter results in April. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays conference call. Thank you for joining us.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-10-15 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas H. Reslewic  CEO, President Sean B. O'Connor  Chief Financial Officer David Calusdian  Sharon Merrill Associates
Analysts: John Harmon  Needham & Co. [Adeep Phi]  Thomas Weisel Partners [Mike Crawford]  Riley Investment Management [Sal Wayne]  Lotus Investment Management [Rod Seth] - Cowan and Company 
Operator:  Welcome to LeCroy Corporation first quarter fiscal 2009 financial results conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time opening remarks and introduces, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. David Calusdian of Sharon Merrill Associates.  
David Calusdian - Sharon Merrill Associates:  Good morning, everyone and welcome. In connection with this conference call LeCroy wishes to take advantage of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking under the Act. All such forward-looking statements are only estimates of future results and it can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from these expectations.  Information on all of the potential factors that could affect LeCroy Corporation's business are described in the company's reports on file with the Security and Exchanges Commission as well as in this morning's press release. Any forward-looking statements only represent the company's view as of today, October 15, 2008.  While LeCroy may chose to update these forward-looking statements at a later date, the company specifically disclaims any duty to do so. On the call with me this morning are LeCroy's President and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Reslewic and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Sean O'Connor. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas H. Reslewic:  As you saw in our news release, we kicked the fiscal year off with a successful first quarter reporting strong sales and earnings. Our oscilloscope business which continues to roll out exciting new products is largely responsible for this growth. In fact, this is an all-time first quarter record for oscilloscope sales which were up 12% compared to a year ago and 6% compared to the sequential fourth quarter.  Protocol continues to be a bit sluggish as the next generation standard we have traditionally focused on without being adopted as fast as the market had anticipated. Our order linearly, which is measured by the orders we received in the first nine weeks of a quarter, was 67.4% in the first quarter compared to our target of 61%.  We had a very strong July and orders remain steady throughout the quarter. I'll provide some financial highlights for Q1 before Sean reviews the numbers in more detail.  The total sales for the quarter were $40.7 million an increase of 5.2% compared to last year and up slightly from the sequential fourth quarter. Now it's important to note that although our first quarter is typically our seasonally slowest, this first quarter of 2009 represented the highest sales in 11 quarters. We owe much of this success to the timely watch of our new oscilloscope products as well as our improved channel effectiveness in North America and another quarter of extraordinary growth in our European scope business.  Our overall non-GAAP gross margin was slightly lower than we had originally expected at 56.7%. We contribute this off primary to a lower percentage of Protocol products in the overall sales mix.  Our non-GAAP net income for the quarter was 2.2 million compared with 2 million for the first quarter in '08. This translates into a non-GAAP EPS at $0.18 for the quarter compared to $0.17 for the same quarter a year ago.  Now we continue to focus on strengthening our balance sheet. During the quarter we repurchased another $2.7 million of our outstanding convertible debt and so far we've repurchased 10% of the convertible debt at a discount of more than 11%. We also repurchased 28,000 shares of common stock for $224,000 during the quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Sean to review the financials in more detail. 
Sean B. O'Connor:  Thank you, Tommy. Good morning, everyone. In my discussion, I will occasionally be referring to adjusted non-GAAP operating results. We use non-GAAP results as a supplement to our results based on GAAP because we believe this provides additional insight into our underlying results and can enhance the understanding of the companys ongoing business.  The press release we issued this morning contains a reconciliation of the non-GAAP results to their most closely related GAAP results. The non-GAAP adjustment in the first quarter reflects non-cash as 123R share base compensation expense of approximately $877,000. With that, we'll come to the first quarter results.  As Tom mentioned, revenues for the first quarter increased 5.2% to $40.7 million from $38.7 million to the year earlier quarter and we're up slightly from the sequential fourth quarter.  Our cost of sales in the first quarter was $17.7 million. This includes $47,000 per share based compensation charges excluding the stock based compensation costs. Non-GAAP gross margin for the first quarter of 2009 was 56.7%.  This compares with 58.5% non-GAAP gross margin for the same period last year and 58.9% for the sequential fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. Gross margins are down 180 basis points from prior year primarily due to the mix of the oscilloscope products relative to protocol products as well as the continued sales of Legacy Oscilloscope demo inventory.  Total operating expense for the first quarter was approximately $20.4 million. This included $830,000 of non-cash share based compensation charges of which approximately $585,000 was charged to SG&A and $245,000 was charged to R&B. Excluding these items non-GAAP R&B expense was $7.6 million or 18.6% of revenues. This is slightly higher from an R&B expense of $7.2 million or 18.7% of revenue for Q1 of last year.  Excluding the share based cost I just mentioned, non-GAAP SG&A expense for the first quarter was $12 million or 29.5% of revenue compared with $11.1 million or 28.8% of revenues in the same period last year. The increase in our SG&A expenses was primarily due to the increased variable costs on higher revenue base as well as incremental marketing cost associated with the new product launches.  Turning to operating income on a GAAP basis including the share base charges I noted previously, we generated a first quarter profit of $2.6 million compared to a $2.3 million profit for Q1 last year. Excluding our share base compensation costs, our Q1 fiscal 2009 non-GAAP operating income was $3.5 million or 8.7% non-GAAP operating margin. This compares with $4.3 million or 11.1% non-GAAP operating margin in the first quarter of last year.  Other expense was $340,000 in the first quarter. This consisted primarily of net interest expenses of $848,000 offset by $256,000 foreign currency gain as well as a $252,000 gain on extinguishment of the company's convertible debt.  The company repurchased an additional $2,650,000 of convertible bonds at a discount of more than 12%. However, that gain was reduced by $73,000 of pro rata write-offs of unadvertised bond issuance costs.  In the corresponding quarter of fiscal 2008, we reported other expense of $1.3 million primarily net interest expense and the foreign currency loss. Our affected tax rate on a GAAP basis for the first quarter was approximately 33.5% compared to 33.7% in the same period last year. Excluding the impact of share based compensation expense, the full year normalized tax rate was approximately 32% compared to 31.5% in the year ago period.  For the first quarter of 2009, we're recording GAAP net income of $1.5 million or $0.13 per share. This includes the after tax effect of non-cash 123R charges previously noted. Excluding those charges, our non-GAAP net income was $2.2 million or $0.18 per diluted share. This compares with non-GAAP net income of $2 million or $0.17 per share in the same period last year.  The number of shares outstanding [inaudible] the first quarter APS was 12.1 million shares. This compare with 11.9 million diluted shares outstanding in the same period last year.  Now turning to our balance sheet, our cash position was approximately $7.7 million at quarter end. During the quarter, we repurchased and retired almost $2.7 million of convertible bonds. During the past two quarters, the company has repurchased approximately 10% of our previously outstanding convertible bonds. We also repurchased approximately 28,000 shares of company stock paying approximately $224,000.  Our Q1 net accounts receivable balance decreased to $32.6 million compared to our prior end year of $32.3 million.  Inventory increased approximately $2.5 million during the quarter to $35.4 million. This is primarily due to the demo inventory built for the new Wave Pro 7 product launch as well as material purchases for upcoming new products offset by the sale of Legacy demo units.  In Q1, we used cashable operations of approximately $500,000 which is a bit better than our plan and was significantly improved compared to the $1 million used in the same period last year.  CapEx for the quarter was approximately $1.2 million. The company currently has fortunately 62 employees about 65% in the United States, 20% in Europe, and 15% in the Asia Pacific region. Our annualized revenue per employee was $353,000 in the first quarter of 2009 down slightly from $359,000 a year ago.  So to sum, as Tom mentioned, we are pleased with our first quarter results which gives us confidence in our prospects to execute our 2009 plan. With the launch of our first major product with the Apollo chip set and plans for aggressive rollout of additional exciting products, the company is in a much stronger competitive position.  At the same time though we are carefully monitoring any customer weakness in major segments we participate. We also continue to be prudent and keep a sharp focus on controlling expenses.  I'll now turn the call back to Tom. 
Thomas H. Reslewic:  Okay, thanks, Sean. So I'll start to talk about the oscilloscope products a little bit. As I mentioned the scope product line delivered a record summer quarter for LeCroy. In Q1, in July actually we successfully launched our first product to feature the next generation Apollo chip set, the Wave Probe 7 series.  We deployed the demos in the early part of the quarter, our trained sales force in the beginning of July, and we began shipping the product in September and it has been an absolute success so far. The feedback has been excellent. Our customers are particularly impressed by the scope's speed, responsiveness, and quite a number of less features. It's been a long time since I've seen our sales force so excited about a new product.  Now in the standard LeCroy playbook, we have always tried to discontinue old products as new ones replace them. Then we try to migrate the customers quickly to the new products. Based on a lot of marketing, the field visits, and significant customer inputs, we scrapped this practice when we launched the Wave Pro 7 in July.  Some customers had build the Legacy Wave Pro and Wave Master Products, the predecessors, into their R&D processes and may not be quite ready to move to the Wave Pro 7, so we've continued to offer these products and will continue to do so as long as customer demand remains reasonable. This really turned out to be the right strategy in the summer as the older products continue to sell well in Q1 right along side the even stronger Wave Pro 7 series.  The Wave Pro 7 is just the beginning of our new product rollout campaign. Our pipeline is filled with exceptional new products that we expect to launch throughout fiscal '09 and into fiscal '10. For example, in addition to the Wave Pro 7, we entered a completely new oscilloscope market segment late in this quarter with the launch of our Wave A series. The introduction of the Wave A provides LeCroy with its first opportunity to participate in a sizable market for very low cost scopes with some 100 megahertz based with price points as low as a $1000.  During the past two years, we developed a second, third party distribution channel to sell our lower price and [bend] with product line the Wave Surfer and the Wave Jet. Now the way they physically load the Wave Jet enables us to significantly expand our product line for our distribution network  In terms of the market segment breakdown, we saw only minor shifts this quarter. Computer semi-conductor and consumer electronics segment remains the largest component of our business at 32% of total. The automotive electronics segment and the data storage segment traded places as automotive increased to 20% and data storage declined to about 18% of our total.  In terms of geography, our European operation continues to set the pace for LeCroy quarter after quarter. Europe was up again more than 20% in year-over-year and we believe we're taking real oscilloscope market share in that geography. North America also performed very well reporting 10% growth year-over-year. As we've been reporting market softness in Japan continues to affect our sales in Asia. Overall Asia sales including Japan were down 7% and to give you a sense of how the rest of Asia is performing if you exclude Japan, Asia was up 5%.  Taking a look at the protocol business, on our last call I discussed our efforts to drive growth in the protocol business by expanding beyond standards such as USB, wireless USB, STATs, and STA and PCI Express. The pace of the rollout of new silicon adoption rates for these next generation standards have been slower than anyone had anticipated.  Now despite this slower growth our Protocol business remains very profitable and the market share leader in each of our target segments. We've already begun executing a plan to reignite the Protocol group as a growth business for LeCroy and beginning in the second half of fiscal '09, we hope to see some of the results of our early efforts to broaden the areas of focus for this Protocol business.  At the same time we still see opportunities for our core standards as the adoption of these standards begin to accelerate. And we're certainly prepping our advantages in each of our core segments with a significant lineup of new products. In August, we launched the world's first complete USB 3.0 Protocol analyzer solution, the Voyager, which is our sixth generation verification platform.  We believe that the emergence of USB 3.0 also known as super speed USB will be a sizable opportunity for us. USB was LeCroy's first Protocol standard with more than 10 years in the market and we have a commanding presence.  At the end of September, we also launched new Protocol tools for next generation six gig STAT and STA data storage standards leveraging our expertise in high speed serial data analysis, the new Sierra verification system provides unparalleled performance in this industry.  Now a little bit on our outlook, so with one solid quarter in the books for fiscal 2009, we need to turn our vision forward and take a look at what the rest of year has to bring us. Unfortunately like many other companies right now, our crystal ball is a bit murky. While our execution has been very solid we're somewhat uncertain about the demand for oscilloscopes and Protocol alliances towards the end of calendar '08 and the beginning of 2009.  We're hopeful that our high concentration sales into R&D and our limited exposure to manufacturing applications combined with our impressive new product pipeline will provide some insulation for many global slow down and demand for test and measurement equipment.  After the first two full weeks of October in our second quarter, we continue to see a healthy demand environment. orders are significantly higher than the first two weeks of October a year ago which coupled with the strong linearity we had in Q1 would normally give us cause for optimism in Q2 but despite these positive indicators, given the external environment, we're keeping a sharp eye on indicators like elongating sale cycles and delayed orders that would point to a slowdown in our business. We feel well prepared to handle such a slowdown if necessary. We're starting with solid operating margins, good control over our expenses, and we are capable of reacting very quickly to any negative change in demand.  Having said all that, we feel it's premature to make any changes to our outlook for the full year which we just presented in August. Our full year guidance for fiscal 2009 is for revenues in the range of 167 to 173 million and non-GAAP operating income in the range of 17.5 to 18.5 million. Of course, this excluded non-cash share based compensation expense and the other items as we have defined in the past.  So with that, I think we've given you a sense for how well we're doing as we started the year and some of our uncertainty regarding a demand environment in the sense that we have and we feel we're reasonably well prepared if things start to materially decay. So I think thats a good place for us to stop and take your questions.  
Operator:  Our first question comes from John Harmon  Needham & Company
John Harmon: A couple of questions please. For starters you said your gaining market share in Europe. What is this there that you think you're doing differently? 
: A couple of questions please. For starters you said your gaining market share in Europe. What is this there that you think you're doing differently? 
Needham & Co.: A couple of questions please. For starters you said your gaining market share in Europe. What is this there that you think you're doing differently? 
Thomas H. Reslewic:  I dont think we're doing anything differently other than than pouring new products into a very well established channel. So it's really more about momentum than anything else. I think Europe has been a place where we have continued to increase our penetration over the last several years particularly in fiscal 2007 and in '08 when we did not have a lot of new products. We really maintained our focus, built our channels well.  So its the place that where we start with the strongest share. I think we've just done very well there and the new products just come down the onramp so much more smoothly in areas where you have good share and strong presence though its really a combination of the work thats been done over the past few years combined with a pretty exciting array of new products. 
John Harmon  Needham & Co: And secondly, I think in prior quarters you talked about a new product on the Protocol side that would merge storage and data com protocols, how is that coming along? 
Thomas H. Reslewic:  We're really focused on making sure that we bring PCI Express focused products to the CSP Express guide and protocol solutions for storage technology, the storage guides. When we start to talk about platforms that could potentially merge things, you know a lot of that is internally focused platforms that give us the ability to deploy our  customize and fine tune solutions that can then be broadly deployed into various technology segments.  We haven't yet moved toward marketing products that serve multiple protocols and leaving that as it is, we certainly have some ideas on things that we might be doing in the future that kind of move a little bit beyond just the Protocol and may offer various options and configurability to support multiple protocols on a single platform; but thats a little premature at this point in time where our customer operators are still very focused around one technology segment at a time. 
John Harmon : Thank you, and just finally in previous times where businesses and [inaudible] and you talked about warning lines or a red flag, it doesnt sound like you said that youve seen any thus far. 
Needham & Co: Thank you, and just finally in previous times where businesses and [inaudible] and you talked about warning lines or a red flag, it doesnt sound like you said that youve seen any thus far. 
Thomas H. Reslewic:  Well, yes, like I've been saying lately that if you flew in from Juniper and landed at LeCroy first and didnt read the newspapers or look at anything other than our orders or our funnels, you would have a hard time being convinced that there is anything amiss. But we know there is something quite amiss and what we just don't know is what the impact is going to be.  I go back to the 2001 period and into 2002 and went back and really looked at our own revenue drop was at that period of time and we felt like we're seeing back then decays in the 15% range and of course, that was a largely technology focused problem. Today I think what a couple of things that are different are we have launched products that take us below and above where we have been selling products.  I should say to be more precise the way they pick this gives us products below the way of jest so thats certainly into areas of the market that we haven't been before. The Wave Pro 7 doesnt do that. It really replaces products between one and six gigahertz. We have had very limited offerings above six gigahertz in the past and we are in the process now of dramatically changing that.  I think that the products that we launch in the next 90 to 150 days as well as the new Wave Age really give us an opportunity to reach into some market segments that we haven't played in lately and we see those as great insulators.  I have no way to predicate whether the overall test and measurement market will see 20% drop or 25 or 50. I can't predicate the new  no lights on own internal dashboard that say anything other than all systems go. I tend to be rather concerned and to believe that sooner or later the check engine light will be flashing.  So our focus is to drive hard on the products that we believe take us into areas that we're not playing in right now because we think that anything we gain in those areas will be incremental. We've got a real sharp eye on our expenses and costs. We've proven in the past that we can react very quickly and that we're not afraid to take strong actions if needed.  So armed with kind of planner on new products and an ability to react fast if necessary, we feel reasonably confident. In fact I would even say that this downturn just too some degree could be our friend.  I mean I think that we will come out of this much, much stronger than we go in. We're probably in the best position we've been in a long time in terms of the right team, really good execution, a little bit of track record behind us here, and a lot of products in the pipeline. So, our lights aren't lit up but we are concerned. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from [Adeep Phi]  Thomas Weisel Partners. 
[Adeep Phi] - Thomas Weisel Partners: Just a couple of quick questions. I think the first one regarding your growth margin. It's the lowest growth margin you've had now in five years. And I think you just talked about mix like the lower protocol mix [inaudible] but on the quality you also mentioned something about inventory, demo inventory that you bought up. Could you give us some color as to what contributed how much to that drop in growth margin on a sequential basis? And then after that, also sort of address the pricing environment.
Thomas H. Reslewic: Yes, just, did you say pricing at the end 
[Adeep Phi] - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes, yes. 
Thomas H. Reslewic:  Okay. Yes, okay, so the single biggest factor in the core without a doubt on both a sequential basis and year to year basis is the relative mix between the Protocol business and the scope business. So the scope business tends to run more in the generally mid-50s and the Protocol business tends to run in the mid to high 70s.  We had the lowest ratio of Protocol over scope revenue that we had in probably 12 or more quarters, so really a very soft quarter for Protocol. As luck would have it, also an extremely strong quarter for scopes. Actually not only was it was a record quarter, a record first quarter for scopes, it was actually the second highest oscilloscope revenue quarter we've ever had in history. And for that to occur in a Q1 is rather unusual.  So we had to just a great business in the scopes so the ratio of the two tends to drive it the most. Then inside the scope business our gross margins inside the scope business were actually off as well compared to what we had expected and most of that had to do with selling of the demos and also the mix.  As I said we did something very different. Normally we like to discontinue the old products and get rid of that all stuff and then switch everybody over to the new products. The last couple of introductions that we've had in the last couple of years, I'd been well somewhat disappointed in the process. I felt that we disappointed some customers by not keeping the products that they had built software around in the lineup for a while. So we did it very differently this time.  We launched the new products and we sent the message out to the field and the customers that the previous generation products would stay in the lineup. We'll keep making them. If you as long as the customers keep ordering, we'll keep making them and they really took us up on it. So in our mix, we sold quite a few of the older products. We moved a lot of demo instruments during the quarter and that tended to drive down the average selling price through the quarter as well.  Also, our early Wave Pro 7s  now the Wave Pro 7 runs from a gigahertz up to six gigahertz and usually the higher end product, the four and six gigahertz products, are sold heavily into serial data applications. We just launched, in actually early October, a next generation serial data package called SDA 2, which is really quite an innovative package and we felt that our mix in Q1 reflected this act that we sold a lot of the early Wave Pros at the one, two, and one and a half, two and a half, and three and a half gigahertz range and fewer at the four and six. That seems to be changing here as we move into the October quarter with the launch of the SDA 2.  So, inside the scope business, demo sell off mix and pricing is getting  pricing is a little bit harder to triangulate only because we're  we don't have apples-to-apples comparisons. We're changing the product line so much. And I would further say that we have not felt that we've been in a mode that we've been over the past year where we've been conscientiously giving up a lot of pricing. We felt that we've been able to maintain our prices pretty well.  Late in the quarter we started to have some decay in the ASPs as a function of the strength of the dollar against the Euro and with such a strong quarter in Europe, that had some impact on us late in the quarter. But fundamentally its  the real restorative answer is mixed. First mixed between Scopes and Protocol and then inside the Scope business mixed as well. And we still feel confident that the gross margins are going to get to where we need them to in the mid to longer term.
[Adeep Phi] - Thomas Weisel Partners: And with  so does that imply that you expect the Protocol business to start seeing healthier trends than it has over the past couple of quarters? 
Thomas H. Reslewic: Yes. I think that we've certainly seen a couple of quarters that have been slower in Protocol mostly related to market adoption. And then I think that the first quarter was just an exceptionally low data point. The number of things happen kind of simultaneously. We had a new product launch at the end of the quarter in data storage, so I think there was some anticipation of the new product in data storage. In fact, our funnel as we go into the second quarter for data storage is excellent.  We launched again at a plug fest toward the end of the quarter, our USB 3.0 Voyager solution which is a really outstanding and exciting product. We think that had some impact on people waiting for that product line especially as people want to buy USB 2.0 capability with migration path to 3.0. I think people really wanted to get into that new platform and then also some general softness in PCI Express.  You could say these things all together kind of conspired to make the first quarter just really, really 
[Adeep Phi] - Thomas Weisel Partners: But see some of those others that are [inaudible] we saw like PCI Express and some of the other weakness that you saw in the Protocol business, do you see any signs of that actually improving going into the December quarter? 
Thomas H. Reslewic: Yes, you know our funnels indicate that a much stronger December quarter and of course, I answer all of these questions pretending that I haven't been reading the newspaper at all in the last 
[Adeep Phi] - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Right, just based on your visibility of what you're seeing, you saw some weakness out of PCI Express. You had a product, a new product announcement on the storage side. But when you put all that together and you see where you are right now, you feel that the December quarter is going to be rebound on the Protocol side because of the sales funnel as you see it.  You're not seeing customer weakness on PCI Express front or spending on next generation technologies outside of storage. You're not seeing any third or deteriorating trends over that? Is that fair? 
Thomas H. Reslewic:  Yes, thats correct. 
[Adeep Phi] - Thomas Weisel Partners:  And then when you're looking at your tax rate, the past two years after your first quarter, your September quarter usually marked the high point in your annual tax rates and after that it usually dropped quite a bit for the December quarter and the June quarter might see a little bit of an uptake but usually it was pretty low in the December and March quarter.  Can you some color as to what drove that and how we should be modeling the rest of this year as far as stats goes? 
Sean B. O'Connor:  Yes, if you and actually with the President signing a new tax law ten days ago or so, there is going to be another Q2 item in the December quarter, so a lot of it has to do with either this R&D credit has been on again, off again in terms of getting an R&D credit thats a dramatic help in our tax rate, as well as updates to our geographic earnings mix.  So the 32% that we have projected going into this fiscal year is probably on the high side given the new tax legislation that was passed. And that could help us by up to two points. 
[Adeep Phi] - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Then two more questions. One is regarding your liquidity, just the fact that youve been buying back your shares and also buying back your debt, and you do have a pledge [inaudible] thats out there so can you walk us through what the highest uses of your cash are right now. Whether there has been changes from your bankers in terms of the credit actually and how you're prioritizing buying back your shares and if you're buying back to convert on go forward basis. 
Thomas H. Reslewic:   I'll just start with kind of strategic view and then give you to Sean for the details. At the highest level we had been throughout the first half of calendar '08 and into early part of the summer, we felt there was a real opportunity to use our strong cash generation to go after our convertible debt particularly because we're able to buy it back at about 11% discount. So we did a fair amount of that.  And pretty much early in the summer, we stopped that practice just as we're looking ahead to some of the overall issues in the overall credit market and thinking that it'd probably be a little bit wiser to go into more cash conserve mode. And thats really where we are at the highest level right now is just taking a little bit more of a not so aggressive approach even though the discounts are still attractive, we think right now is just not the best time to be sending our cash that way.  I'll give you to Sean for some of the thoughts between both 
[Adeep Phi] - Thomas Weisel Partners:  And that would also apply share buy back. So you stopped your share buy backs as well and conserving cash. You're in cash conserve mode right now. Is that fair? 
Thomas H. Reslewic: Yes. The cash mode, thats correct. 
Sean B. O'Connor: Thats fair. 
[Adeep Phi] - Thomas Weisel Partners:  We'd love some more color on your credit arrangements. 
Sean B. O'Connor:  We actually have an excellent relationship with our bank group. We have M&T Bank as our lead bank, with Capital One and Bank of America as the three members of our facility. And we have in terms of our cushion, if you will, in terms of our convening calculations, we have enormous amount of flexibility, if we wanted to borrow onto our facility, if strategically we changed our minds with buying back the convertible bond, that's one of the enormous flexibilities we have with the current facility.  So, there's no issues there and we're very pleased with where we stand in terms of our, the $50 million revolver and we have no plan to change that.
[Adeep Phi] - Thomas Weisel Partners: But now why, when you're looking at your convertor and you're looking at you now your draw down for this credit accessibility, I think one of them is much cheaper than the other, right? I mean one of them is linked to the higher of libel or primarily, not the lower, okay. So I mean when you're prioritizing the two, you still think that the credit accessibility, the cost of the [inaudible] as to the cost to convert, which one do you think in the long run is going to prove more expensive for you folks?
Sean B. O'Connor: Well, the convertible bond being at a 4% rate compared to approximately a 6% rate we borrowed under the revolver, there's clearly an advantage to keeping the convertible bond as is. It's not you now on a put date for another three years, it's longer term than that and we just don't see the strong need to borrow under a revolver that's really primarily there for working capital need, not necessarily to redeem the convertible fund, even though as Tom is mentioning that it is trading at a significant discount, so getting that discount is really money in the pocket, by taking advantage of where the bond is at today.
[Adeep Phi] - Thomas Weisel Partners: Got it, OK and then just looking at it from a strategic high-level level perspective, you looked at, you've talked about share gains, expanding a portfolio and done a pretty incredible job instead of introducing new product. But, could you give us some color right now, just in terms of you know you read the scale to the larger players you know where you think your market share and [inaudible] profit is right now? And whether still as you introduce more and more product, but you have lower volume in each product than a larger comparative, whether that actually is playing to a scale disadvantage and whether there're any other methods they're looking at from a strategic perspective of building scale further?
Sean B. O'Connor: You know, I think that one of the - I would say one of the areas that probably didn't help us very much say, two, three years ago, was focusing more on scale than raw competitive performance in the products. I think that the most important thing that we can do for our customers and for the value of LeCroy, relative to our competitors is to feel really meaningfully competitive well differentiated products.  And I think that we are quite capable of doing that. I do believe actually, out growth margin structure is very competitive. If I look at you know what we've accomplished with the people we have, if you look at our revenue per employee, compared to our competitors, which similar outsourcing mixes, those numbers are all pretty impressive.  So, we get a lot done with a little. But I don't think it's a game of scale - I definitely believe it's a game of really delivering more competitive products with differentiating features that have meaningful impact on the customer base. We see it, we're seeing some tremendous gains that we feel we're still going to make in the market with the WavePro 7, but not just the WavePro 7. There's underlying technology, the architecture in the WavePro7 as we move that up bandwidth, it's going to have some really significant impact on customers. So, for us right now, it's about really making a meaningful dent in the segment that we play in with competitive products that means that we'll spend a bit more in R&D as a percentage basis.  It's impossible for me to calculate the share at this point in time, I don't really know, but I definitely have the sensation that we have moved into a domain where we're going to, when we get the chance to go head-to-head, we're going to win more than we lose and so it's really all about the products right not.
[Adeep Phi] - Thomas Weisel Partners: So, what percentage share you think now you have now in the overall scope market and also any changes in comparative behavior out of your two largest competitors there?
Sean B. O'Connor: I'm going to continue to decline the first one, because I just don't know. I don't really know how to calculate it at this point and in terms of competitive behavior, I think that you know the Wave 8 hasn't been out long enough for us to see, but I will tell you that we have for years had a very, very difficult time attracting top tier distributor companies.  People that have meaningful catalogs that get distributed in the hundreds of thousands, it's never been anything we've been able to do, even then we've been able to move our WaveJets and our WaveSurfers into a distribution network, we've had a hard time attracting top share distributors. The [inaudible] it's seriously changing that, we are engaged in a number of productive conversations and we've signed a number of distributors that we think are going to really help us move forward. And I think that's going to be significant and I think that's going to change the competitive landscape at the low end. And I think certainly in high end, you know if high end business takes a lot of investment, takes a lot of time in advance to make the investment chip developments, the tests to start and run, two years in advance of products being deployed.  We're not at the beginning of that cycle today, we're at the end of that cycle, so we're really on the door step of deployment and I think that you know, especially if we move into more challenging economic times and we look at our competitors, which I think will be more impacted, more exposure to the manufacturing segment than we are, I think that we have an opportunity to really maintain our focus on our new products and do well competitively. Our next questions comes from [Mike Crawford]  Riley Investment Management. 
[Mike Crawford]  Riley Investment Management: When does the WavePro 7 start shipping?
Thomas H. Reslewic: It started shipping in the early part of September, Mike.
[Mike Crawford]  Riley Investment Management: So you were taking orders since July 1 and it started shipping just about as you expected, no hits there?
Thomas H. Reslewic: Exactly right, not quite to the hour, but almost
[Mike Crawford]  Riley Investment Management: Now, it's my understanding that this new kind of platform and chip set have potentially a lower build of materials compared with the old platform, but that maybe to get your manufacturing margins right and some ramp up time. Can you kind of walk through the type of margin improvement in general that you might expect going forward?
Thomas H. Reslewic: Yes. I think that the margin improvement as a function of the new product, it becomes more significant as you get higher and higher in bandwidth. So, you know really got in the WavePro space, it's not quite as significant, as we start to look at you know products that may come in the future, it just gets more and more significant as we move up in bandwidth.  And also, there's a time, there's a time period and also some, a few other factors. So, if I go back to the very beginning when we had started you know to plan the product, we are looking at bills of materials and manufacturing's costs today that are in fact a bit higher than we had originally planned for. And that's because we spent an awful lot of time in front of customers in beta tests and with our sales force, trying to make sure that our feature set was absolutely compelling enough. And that sometimes meant a faster processor and a little bit more memory and maybe more sophisticated relays and more rugged knobs and encoders. So, we bit the bullet and added those things and so our building materials isn't quite what we had expected when we started and I think it's you now probably about a six month ramp before we get the early production cost to settle down to the target.  But by and large, overall, we are going to see not only more favorable margins because of the cost structure, but because of the fact that these products has such a compelling capabilities that we won't be pricing them like we had with the last generation products which was deep, deep discounts and much lower pricing just to stay in the game.  So we feel have an opportunity to really command a great price for these products and that plus some improvement in the building materials will drive better margin structure. And particularly more so at higher bands. 
[Mike Crawford] - Riley Investment Management:  Okay and then on the lower bandwidth, so they stopped being produced and [Sen Chang] is that 
Thomas H. Reslewic:  Yes, that is correct.
[Mike Crawford] - Riley Investment Management: And when do those start to ship? 
Thomas H. Reslewic:  These things  at imminent. We're kind of as we speak we're in the process of the first units coming out of the  off the manufacturing lines. 
[Mike Crawford] - Riley Investment Management: Okay and then I think I heard you that Asia excluding Japan would have been up 5% but Asia and Japan was down 7% so Japan remains in some throes given the change in the distribution channel there. What's 
Thomas H. Reslewic:  Yes, although its been a long  its been a very long time since we've made the changes to the channel. We definitely believe that we have a lot of external factors there and so some key customers have definitely slowed down so we're experiencing what we feel are some localized market and customer issues in Japan.  Certainly even without the change in the distribution we've never really Japan back to where I thought it should be. So it still remains as a project for us but I don't believe that even as it is today it represents a threat to our business plan.  Like I say I answer these questions as if I hadnt read a newspaper in the last two weeks, so keep that in mind. 
[Mike Crawford] - Riley Investment Management: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Once again, ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad. Our next question comes from [Rod Seth] with Cowan and Company. Please proceed with your question. 
[Rod Seth] - Cowan and Company: Hi, Tom. Most of mine have been answered but I'm curious if your dashboard lights are blinking orange and you start seeing things to begin to unravel a bit like 2001, what are the first sort of things that you do in a business like this to mitigate the damage that might result from a down cycle where you begin to really see effect? 
Thomas H. Reslewic:  Well, there is a variety of stages, steps and some of which we're already starting to think about in a preemptive sense. So as you starts to move into a business where you expect your quarterly revenues to really boost particularly when you're driving aggressive R&D programs, as you can imagine our fiscal '09 budget has got a lot of hiring in it, adding a lot of capabilities, filling out our technical staff, our marketing organizations, and getting pieces of manufacturing as we start to move more and more units.  So one of the things we do right away is start to really rein that in and make sure that we're not going to get ahead of ourselves with head counts. We take a long hard look at all of the NREs and programs and the variable expenses that relates to all kind of programs, the CapEx, and so forth and start to rein that stuff in.  I think that there is a series of steps that we been through in the past where we just start to look at the layers of the types of expense and the layers and start to work them one by one. I think that we're at this point in time where we're acting as if the lights on the dashboard are orange even though they're not.  And so, we don't have any  I don't plan to get caught by surprise with the downturn and find out that we're really late. But I will say this, if from a priority perspective there's the Wave base that we just launched which still requires a lot of engineering and a lot of support and there is some follow on products to that that are vital.  Another product launch thats coming up out in front of us. There are two or three things that are absolutely vital to continue because products that will take us into segments of the market where we haven't been for the past couple of years, are the absolute best hedge against seeing some serious erosion on the top line.  So the same things that we think can drive growth can really provide a bit of an insulator for us. So we are making sure that we're pulling out all the stops and throwing everything we have at making sure that the [inaudible] and the next couple of key products make their way to the market on track, in a timely fashion with all the enthusiasm and promotion that we had initially planned because those are the things that can really have a meaningful impact on our top line if the overall demand of our [inaudible] starts to decay.  So we've identified a couple of key projects like that and then everything else we're willing to let some things slide and shift and move around a little bit to deal with any kind of strong wind, headwind that we face. 
[Rod Seth] - Cowan and Company: And then this business  I did know 2001, 2002 isn't necessarily comparable but what would you expect assuming that this begins to happen. It sounds like you're taking some early actions to guard against. Where do you start feeling it in the business like how does it metastasizes itself in the business like yours. Is it something you feel more on the high end or low end or is it just general booking level in general coming down everywhere? 
Thomas H. Reslewic:  Well here's what I believe is the most prudent thing that we can do. Its best to start looking deal by deal So you know rather than just kind of wait for overall trends our forecasting methodology and process is very well suited to getting early indications so we dont just, we dont review our bookings monthly. We have a pretty rigorous weekly hygiene around the bookings in the business. Now we have done a very, very careful forecast on a monthly basis and even expectations and guidance on a weekly basis by region, by product line, and so we know pretty quickly whether were starting to not hit the week as we expect them to occur and so thats a very, very good quick sensation for whats happened.  We dont have to wait until the second week of a fiscal month to see what happened in the previous month. Like a lot of processes so weve got good real time information and secondly as I started to say its about looking at deals. And so I like to identify five to ten specific relatively, a medium to large size deals that were working on and watch the dynamics of the deals and I would expect if things are going to really start to turn down, those deals will have difficulty getting signed off but the sales guys will be optimistic and theyll expect the deals to come in this week.  And it's in fact wont or itll slide out to the next month or itll get kicked out to the first quarter, those are the things, the specific things that I am looking for. And, when I start to see enough of those then it will be time to start reacting a bit more strongly.  Even it at that point our dashboard lights havent gone all red yet so thats kind of the approach we take. 
Operator: Our final question comes from [Sal Wayne] -- Lotus Investment Management
[Sal Wayne]  Lotus Investment Management: A couple of questions please. First I think you talked about this a little bit but given the, I think you mentioned a booking number for the first nine weeks, something like 67% and 51 is more or less what you target.  Can you talk specifically about the order flow coming in at the end of the month or whether you saw any, how you describe the orders coming, going through September specifically towards the end of September? Totally separate, on your head count number, do you have a census what you think that count might be for the fiscal 09? Thank you.
Thomas H. Reslewic:  So, yes, Ill start with the linearity, if you, so we like 61% of our orders to come in the first nine weeks of a quarter and this quarter was actually 64.7 I believe. So, yes, certainly higher than that and that really was attributed to a very strong July.  And, a lot of that had to do with, we announced the WavePro 7 on July 1 and we, basically, sent a message to our international distributors in some countries, Israel, most of Scandinavia and number of places in Asia, Canada, we dont have a direct sales force and so we use distributors to sell our full product line and the message to our distributors was the guy that gives us the earliest orders will get the earliest products out of production.  So we got a nice surge at the beginning of July in orders for the WavePro and that really was one of the things that made July particularly strong and then thereafter the quarter, particularly on the scope side was very linear.   Orders were strong in July, strong in August, strong in September and scopes business has continued very strong right into October. So I have seen almost no [inaudible] just a very steady linear really ideal order flow in the scope business.  Our protocol business tends to be more back end loaded in general. Back end loaded in each of the months and in particularly back end loaded in the quarter the Protocol business on its own. doesnt achieve those kinds of linearity and thats partly because the protocol business is made up of a smaller number of larger deals, more discreet deals in the business where the scope business is lots of orders every week from all over the place.  And, so, the protocol business was heavily back end loaded in the first quarter, so September was extremely strong. In fact, even though I wasnt thrilled at the overall number in protocols, weeks 11,12, and 13 in the summer quarter in the protocol businesses were actually very strong and then the first couple of weeks in October, I would describe the protocol orders as okay.  Not great, but not unusual for the protocol business. And in particularly when we had such strong weeks 11, 12, and 13 you could expect the fall to be completely dry but that wasnt the case either. So, again, if you only tried to look at our business from a order flow linearity and steadiness perspective you would be hard press to detect a problem. 
Thomas H. Reslewic: Thats not to say that there isnt one out there. But its just not manifest in our order trend. And the second question was in regard to employees. At this instant we have 462 employees and how many did we have a year ago Sean, from now?
Sean B. OConnor: Twenty-five left. 
Thomas H. Reslewic: So weve hired about 25 people in the past one year and were at 462 today. And, if I just look at our budget Im going to take a bit of a swag at this, I would say that our fiscal 09 budget which has still three quarters to go, would probably adding something on the order of another 20 to 25 people. And, I would guess that we would probably not get that done. 
[Sal Wayne]  Lotus Investment Management: Okay, got it. 
Thomas H. Reslewic: So, yes, I dont want to say anymore about that at this point in time because its still relatively uncertain but I can assure you I dont know all the things that we need to do but I can assure you we are not just hiring to our budget in the face of the uncertain environment. 
[Sal Wayne]  Lotus Investment Management: One last thing, I missed I think you gave some of the percent revenues by, or percent orders by, end market. I missed what it was for computers and military and government. 
Thomas H. Reslewic: We focus on three segments. So the one that we felt computers, semi conductor and consumer electronics is one big blob for us and it includes things like Intel and Dell and Sony and so forth and that was 32% and thats about the same as its been for the last several quarters. Harvards in that one third of our business range. 
[Sal Wayne]  Lotus Investment Management:  Okay. 
Thomas H. Reslewic: And then the other two we report are data storage and automotive electronics which also includes a lot of industrial control applications and each of those roughly speaking are about 20% each. 
Operator:  I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Tom Reslewic for any closing or additional remarks. 
Thomas H. Reslewic  CEO, President: Okay, well, thank you very much and thank you everyone for listening and for all of your questions this morning. We look forward to speaking with you again when we announce our second quarter results in the January time frame. Good day to everyone.   
Copyright:

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-09-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  David Calusdian  IR, Sharon Merrill Associates Tom Reslewic  President and CEO Sean O'Connor  VP of Finance, CFO, Secretary and Treasurer
Analysts:  John Harmon  Needham & Co. Raj Seth  Cowen & Co. Swen Ingmar [ph]  Thomas Weisel Partners Mike Crawford  Riley Investment Management 
Operator:  Good day, everyone, and welcome to LeCroy Corporation's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2008 Financial Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. (Operator instructions) At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. David Calusdian of Sharon Merrill Associates. 
David Calusdian:  Good morning, everyone, and welcome. In connection with this conference call, LeCroy wishes to take advantage of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking under the Act. All such forward-looking statements are only estimates of future results and there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expectations. Information on all of the potential factors that could affect LeCroy Corporation's business are described in the company's reports on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements only represent the company's views as of today, August 6, 2008. While LeCroy may choose to update these forward-looking statements at a later date, the company specifically disclaims any duty to do so. On the call with me this morning are LeCroy's President and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Reslewic, and Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Sean O'Connor. I will now turn the call over to Tom. Tom? 
Tom Reslewic:  Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. We're glad to have you with us this morning. Today I'll provide you with the financial and operating highlights for the fourth quarter and for fiscal 2008 and I'll also outline some initiatives to reignite growth in our Protocol Solutions business. Then Sean will take you through the detailed financials and after that I'll return with some color on the order trends, a progress report on our new product pipeline, and our guidance for fiscal year 2009. We reported a solid fourth quarter, which capped a successful fiscal 2008 from both the financial and strategic perspectives. On the financial side, as a result of our fourth quarter performance, we finished just above the midrange of our revenue guidance and at the high end of our operating income guidance for the year. Here's some income statement highlights. Total sales grew 10.5% year-on-year to $40.7 million for the quarter. For the year, sales grew 6% to $160.5 million. Our revenue growth was primarily driven by oscilloscope sales, which we attribute to our major distribution channel realignment efforts. Our overall adjusted gross margin increased 150 basis points to 59.4%, compared with 57.9% in the fourth quarter, a year ago. On a sequential basis, our gross margin improved by 110 basis points from 58.3% last quarter. Now this is particularly impressive, since we moved a significant volume of older products during the fourth quarter in advance of our launch of the new WavePro 7, which took place at the beginning of Q1. As I'm sure you remember, in addition to improving our oscilloscope channel performance, we also took steps to streamline the business and reduced our costs. These efforts, together with improved sales, led to a strong performance on the bottom-line as well. Our adjusted operating income for the quarter climbed almost 60% to $3.9 million and for the year, operating income increased 67% to $16.1 million for a full-year operating margin of 10%. This translates into adjusted EPS of $0.24 for the quarter and $0.78 for the full year of 2008, compared to $0.12 and $0.29, respectively, last year. So we're very pleased with our top and bottom-line performance for the quarter and for the year. Some balance sheet highlights. We have also significantly improved our balance sheet throughout the year. We've generated about $5 million in cash from operations for the quarter and $22 million for the year, which is a record for the company. We reduced our net debt by $3.1 million during the quarter and we're particularly pleased with our success at reducing the net debt for the year. To give you some perspective, at the end of fiscal 2007 we had $72 million in convertible debt, $9.4 million in bank debt and $3.5 million in other debt related to the Catalyst acquisition. By the end of fiscal 2008, we had eliminated the $9.4 million bank debt, the $3.5 million other debt and we've also reduced our convertible debt by $4.5 million. As a result, we reduced our net debt from $74.5 million to $57.3 million. We've also used our cash to buy back about 300,000 shares of common stock for $2.4 million earlier in the year. Since our convertible bonds were trading at a discount, in the second half of the year, we turned our attention and resources to lowering our convertible debt. We repurchased about $4 million of our convertible debt for about $4 million, roughly a 10% discount. We intend to continue with this strategy to further reduce our debt. I'll now give a quick word on the Oscilloscope growth and then I'll talk about some Protocol initiatives. To understand our oscilloscope performance in the fourth quarter, you need to look back at the plan we established a little more than a year ago to overhaul our organization. Our goal was to realign our operations in order to improve channel effectiveness, and at the same time, move a series of groundbreaking new products through the pipeline. Our improved channel effectiveness and our lean cost structure have delivered results above our expectations for the year, resulting in solid sales growth and significantly improved product margins, compared to a year ago. Keep in mind that this has been accomplished in advance of new products and in a year during which our competitor did launch major products. Now, with a proven channel strategy in place, a favorable margin structure, and with the first of our new products successfully delivered to the market, we have reason to be optimistic about the future of our Scope business. Later in the call I'll provide some more color on the scope business, as well as some early feedback on our new products. Now, the excellent performance of our business this year was achieved despite slower than expected growth from our Protocol business. Basically, our growth strategy in Protocol has involved aggressive product development and a precise set of target markets, which have evolving Protocol test needs. Each choice consumes significant development resources, so it's important that we choose our targets correctly and that the market adoption of the new Protocols proceeds at a reasonably steady pace. If we over-invest in a segment or if one or more market segments develop too slowly, then we run the risk of experiencing slower growth and essentially, this has been our situation for a good part of fiscal 2008. When we acquired Catalyst in October of 2006, we purposefully maintained a dual product structure in both PCI Express and the Storage Market segments. We did this to make sure that we could satisfy both sets of end users until the best features of both product lines could be merged into a single offering. Now, while this provided the revenue protection we wanted, it's been expensive and sometimes confusing to maintain two separate product development efforts in each of these segments. Furthermore, the pace of adoption in certain of our target segments has been far slower than we had initially anticipated. While we have recently identified several new targets of opportunity, our dual product line investments have made it difficult to apply enough resources to these new opportunity areas. So, therefore, we've taken some significant steps to change our investment profile and to aim considerable resources at some new targets of opportunity. First, we've developed a next generation product architecture, which supports the best features of the LeCroy and Catalyst product lines. This will allow us to streamline our product offering and to provide our customers with the best of both worlds. We've already started to divert resources consumed by the dual product line structure into new target market initiatives. While the announcement of new target segments and products is still premature, we're in late-stage beta test in one of these new segments and expect to be able to make product announcements within a couple of months. So what's the impact of these moves? While we've made the decision to eliminate the Catalyst brand name and we've taken a non-cash asset impairment charge for that, also we've discontinued several products and have taken additional non-cash charges for excess inventory in those product lines. Altogether we've incurred $3.1 million of non-cash charges in the fourth quarter, which will free up significant resources to aim our Protocol Solutions group at some exciting new opportunities. And remember, the Protocol line is extremely profitable and we remain the market leader across our various Protocol segments and even though some of these segments are evolving more slowly than expected, we believe that they are well on their road to adoption and to the increased deployment of our Protocol Test Tools. We completed major construction and overhaul projects in the Scope business in 2008 and we think this is the right time to get our Protocol business primed for growth as we enter fiscal 2009. Now I'll turn the call over to Sean and he'll give you a detailed review of the numbers. Afterwards, I'll talk a little bit more about the order trends and our outlook for fiscal 2009. Sean? 
Sean O'Connor:  Thank you, Tom, and good morning, everyone. In my discussion, I'll occasionally be referring to adjusted non-GAAP operating results. We use non-GAAP results as a supplement to our results based upon GAAP, because we believe this provides additional insight into the underlying results and can enhance the understanding of the company's ongoing business. The press release we issued this morning contains a reconciliation of the non-GAAP results to the most closely related GAAP results. The non-GAAP adjustments in the fourth quarter include the following special charges. First, a non-cash share-based compensation expense of approximately $981,000; second, a strategic realignment charge of $3.1 million for the Protocol family products, consisting of a $2.4 million non-cash inventory write-down; and $699,000 impairment of an intangible asset. And last, $57,000 of incremental cost of sales related to the purchase accounting fair value step-up adjustment for Catalyst inventory that we sold in Q4. With that, let's turn to the fourth quarter results. Revenues for the fourth quarter increased 10.5% to $40.7 million from $36.8 million in the year earlier quarter and was up slightly from the sequential third quarter. Our cost of sales in the fourth quarter was $19.1 million. This includes special items of, first, the $2.4 million write-down for Protocol inventory; second, $57,000 for purchase accounting fair value adjustment for inventory sold in Q4; and third, $45,000 for share-based compensation charges. Excluding those items, non-GAAP gross margin for the fourth quarter was 59.4%, compared with 57.9% for non-GAAP gross margin in the same period last year. Gross margins are up 150 points from the year earlier, primarily due to higher product ASPs and higher unit volume as well as associated cost reduction efforts and manufacturing efficiencies. Total operating expenses for the fourth quarter was approximately $21.9 million. This included, first, $936,000 of non-cash share-based compensation charges, of which $561,000 was charged to SG&A and $375,000 was charged to R&D. And second, approximately $699,000 of a non-cash intangible asset write-down expense, which was charged to SG&A. Excluding these items, non-GAAP R&D expense was $8 million, or 19.7% of revenues. This was higher than the R&D expense of $7 million, or 19.1% of revenues for Q4 of last year. Excluding the items I just mentioned, non-GAAP SG&A expense in the fourth quarter was $12.2 million, or 30% of revenues, which compares with $11.8 million, or 32.1% of revenues in the same period last year. The decrease in our SG&A expense ratio was primarily due to the benefits we derived from cost-cutting and business realignment efforts last year. Turning to operating income, on a GAAP basis, including the realignment write-down and other charges I noted previously, we generated a fourth quarter loss of $271,000, compared with the $1.9 million loss of Q4 of last year. Excluding our special items, our Q4 2008 non-GAAP operating income was $3.9 million, or 9.6% non-GAAP operating margin. And this compares with $2.5 million or 6.7% non-GAAP operating margin in the fourth quarter of last year. Other expense was $774,000 for the fourth quarter. This consisted primarily of net interest expense of $1.1 million, offset by $338,000 gain on extinguishment of the company's convertible debt. The company repurchased $4.5 million of convertible bonds at a discount of approximately 10%. However, that gain was reduced by $130,000 for the pro rata write-off of un-amortized bond issuance costs. In the corresponding quarter last year, we reported other expense of $1.1 million, again, primarily net interest expense. Our effective tax rate on a GAAP basis for the fourth quarter was approximately 22% and this compares with 25% in the same period last year. The lower tax rate in Q4 of this year is the result of the company's geographic earnings mix, as well as a discrete fourth quarter foreign tax benefit. Excluding the impact of FAS 123R share-based compensation expense, the full-year normalized tax rate was approximately 31%, compared with 35.5% in the year-ago period. For the fourth quarter of 2008 we recorded a GAAP net loss of $810,000, or $0.07 per share. This includes the after-tax effects of the realignment write-downs and non-cash charges noted previously. Excluding those charges, our non-GAAP net income was $2.9 million, or $0.24 per diluted share. This compares with non-GAAP net income of $1.4 million or $0.12 in the same period last year. The number of shares outstanding used to compute to the fourth quarter GAAP EPS was $11.7 million  11.7 million shares, excuse me. This compares with 11.6 million diluted shares outstanding in the last period last year. Now, turning to our balance sheet, as Tom mentioned we are pleased with our accomplishments on our balance sheet. Our cash position was approximately $10.2 million at quarter-end, which is comparable to last year's balance. However, during this past year, we fully paid down $9.4 million of bank debt, $3.5 million of Catalyst acquisition debt and in the current quarter we initiated the repurchase of convertible notes, retiring $4.5 million of convertible bonds. Also during the quarter, we repurchased approximately 35,000 shares of company stock, paying approximately $286,000 at an average price of $8.12 per share. For the fiscal year, we repurchased approximately 298,000 shares of common stock, paying approximately $2.4 million, at an average price of $8.11 per share. Our Q4 net accounts receivable balance increased to $33.3 million compared to a prior year-end of $31.9 million. Inventory decreased by approximately $1.3 million during the quarter to $32.9 million, primarily due to the Protocol inventory write-down previously discussed, offset by material purchases for the New WavePro 7 product launch. Year-on-year, our inventory is down $5.8 million. Next, some comments on cash. As a result of the company's continued focus on working capital, we have generated a record cash from operations in fiscal 2008. We generated approximately $22 million of cash from operations for the fiscal year, with $4.9 million coming from Q4. With strong operating and free cash flow, we were able to repurchase $4.5 million of convertible notes, as I just mentioned, and at the end of Q4, the company has no bank debt. Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were approximately $2.2 million and $4.5 million for the fiscal year. The company currently has 455 employees; about 65% are in the USA, 20% in Europe and 15% in Asia-Pacific. Our annualized revenue per employee was $353,000 in the fourth quarter of 2008, up from $342,000 a year ago. So, to sum up, as Tom mentioned, we are pleased with our fiscal '08 results, which gives us confidence in our prospects for fiscal '09. Today, the company is in a much stronger competitive position than one year ago. With our first major product launch, with the Apollo chipset underway and aggressive roll-out of new products, we expect to deliver continuing growth in operating cash flow. We believe the company is well-positioned to offer our customers increasingly compelling products that will drive growth and increase shareholder value. I'll now turn the call back to Tom. 
Tom Reslewic:  Okay, thank you, Sean. I'd like to take you through some of the order trends that we saw in the quarter. Geographically, we saw the Americas continue a strong trend, as we experienced about a 10% increase in orders compared to the fourth quarter a year ago. Europe had double-digit increase in orders once again, which continues to be somewhat driven by the strength of the Euro. Total Asia orders were up nearly 30% compared to a year ago; orders from Japan were up significantly on a sequential basis, but are still down from a year ago and our performance in Japan continues to reflect some market softness. In terms of market segments, the Computer, Semiconductor, and Consumer Electronics segment remains our largest component of our business and is steady at about 33% of total, which is about the same as it was last quarter. The Automotive segment, at 20% of total, was a little lower than Q3, while Data Storage was strong and up to 20% of our total business compared to the third quarter. So the Scope business has really led our strong performance for 2008. Our channel effectiveness is in good shape and the new Oscilloscope products are starting to roll-out of the pipeline. Overall, we saw improved order linearity from last quarter, as we booked 59.8% of our orders in the first nine weeks of the quarter and this compares to our target of 61%. We also like to look at early orders from the new quarter as a measure of the underlying strength of the order trends. So, improving linearity usually predicts strong starts and it's true that our first quarter is off to a very strong start for orders. In fact, after three weeks of July, we're 36% ahead of orders from the first three weeks of April and almost twice the level of orders from the first three weeks of July a year ago. Even our shipment linearity looks good as we start this quarter, we've exceeded our internal goals for the month of July and shipments seem to be off to a pretty good start. I'd like to talk a little bit about the WavePro 7. We launched the all-new WavePro 7 series on the first day of the new fiscal year, July 1, and this exciting new scope is the first deployment of our next-generation Apollo chipset. The WavePro 7 embodies the spirit that propelled LeCroy to enter the scope market nearly 20 years ago when there were almost 20 players to compete with. The WavePro 7 delivers outstanding performance specifications, with a long list of innovative industry firsts. And while the specific list of items would probably bore the financial community, the trade press have given extensive coverage to the new product and have praised it for its performance, its cutting edge industrial design, and its long list of unusual and innovative features. I'm really proud of the design team and the marketing team and the operations teams for delivering such an excellent product to the salesforce and what so far seems to be among the smoothest product launches in our history. The salesforce is fully trained and very excited. Initial demos are deployed, a second wave of demo instruments is flowing to the field and we're generally on track to hit our production and shipping targets for the quarter. The customer response has been excellent and initial orders are also ahead of our internal targets and the WavePro 7 is just the beginning. We expect to push products through the new product pipeline for the rest of this fiscal year and into next year as well. So, on that high note, let's shift to the outlook for the upcoming year. While we're obviously excited about the way we executed and finished fiscal 2008 and about the fact that we're starting the new year with so many new products coming out the pipeline. Still we want to be careful with our outlook and take into consideration a number of important factors. First, our capacity for WavePro shipments in the first quarter is limited and we won't start shipping the first customer units until early September. In addition, our Protocol group is in a similar new product cycle in the first quarter, which further tempers our summer quarter outlook, and both of these points to the fact that our first quarter is always seasonally slow and you can see that we need to be conservative with our first quarter expectations. So we've moderated our full-year outlook based on our belief that overall shipments in the first fiscal quarter will be much lower than in subsequent quarters. Secondly, we remain on the outlook for signs of weakness in our demand environment. Until now, we've not seen any softness in our business, but each day contains more news and data points that tend to make us cautious with our outlook and with our spending plans. And finally, we'll be embarking on several new market initiatives in our Protocol Solutions group this year and we need to be careful not to underestimate the execution and market risks associated with these plans. Still, despite a few good reasons for conservatism, we are projecting a record year for LeCroy in fiscal 2009, with revenues in the range of $167 million to $173 million and operating income in the range of $17.5 million to $18.5 million. We plan to monitor our market and execution risks very carefully in the first quarter and, of course, we hope that we might catch a tailwind somewhere before the end of calendar 2008 and we will update you on our annual outlook at the end of each quarter. And with that, Sean and I are now happy to take your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from the line of John Harmon with Needham & Co. Please go ahead with your question. 
John Harmon  Needham & Co.:  Hi, good morning. 
Tom Reslewic:  Good morning, John. 
Sean O'Connor:  Good morning, John. 
John Harmon  Needham & Co.:  Well, Thomas, I could maybe beg you for some of those technical details about your new oscilloscope line that bore those of us in the financial community and I certainly realize there's always this constant leapfrog going on in terms of specs. But does your new Apollo chipset bring you up to par with your competitors, puts you ahead for a while? What is the best attribute or a couple of best attributes about the chipset? 
Tom Reslewic:  Well, so, I think that we'll isolate and kind of confine our remarks to the WavePro product line, which has just been launched. Of course, the Apollo Chipset is a variety of broad series of chips that will support not just the WavePro, but also subsequent product launches as well. So I'll stay away from the stuff that's coming next in the pipeline and confine to the WavePro. So, from a specification perspective, the WavePro line lives between 1.0 and 6.0 GHz of analog bandwidth, and in that regard, boasts specs that are equal to our superior to the competitive products in all of those areas. Of course, all the competitors in the market have scopes up to 6.0 GHz, so there's no particular bandwidth breakthrough in the WavePro product line. But I think what is very interesting about the product are some of the features that make it such a superior tool for our customers that are engaged in, particularly, debug and analysis activities. Now, first of all, typically oscilloscopes, once you get into high end scopes, you usually give up a lot of general purpose features, like the ability to use lower-end probes to do some basic troubleshooting around your boards. And that means that users of high bandwidth scopes are often reaching for their lower-end, general purpose scope in tandem to do some basic things on their boards. The WavePro is the first product to provide a complete dual set of front-end connectors that let customers not only do all the high end work they need to do, but quickly reach into their circuit and evaluate things that, at lower speed, that they would normally have to reach for a second product for. Display attributes are very unique in the industry  the biggest, brightest, the highest resolution display, more things on that display, in fact, the only oscilloscope that offers an integrated second display with full touch screen and additional keypad capability for really versatile display of waveforms and so forth. And probably a thing that grabs our customers the most when they see it is the absolute speed and responsiveness of the instrument. In fact, it's so much faster than our old products or any of the competitor products that the initial demos are very, very compelling to customers. So there's a kind of a quick snapshot of some of the things that make the product unique. But the product is very well written up by the trade press, with lots more details. 
John Harmon  Needham & Co.:  No, that helps a lot, thank you. And regarding the Protocol business, at one point you weren't seeing the kind of sales that you'd wanted, because you had merged the Oscilloscope and the Protocol salesforces. But I just want to clarify that those have been unraveled and it sounded like the changes you wanted to make were more product or technology-based. 
Tom Reslewic:  Yes. In fact, see the challenge that we had with the salesforces being merged was not really Protocol revenue. It was far more a distraction on the Scope channel. So it was getting the focus back on the Scopes that we did, now a little over a year ago, that has really helped to propel our distribution strategy on Scopes to help us so much in the year. On the Protocol side, first of all, that is a very profitable and well run business. It's a market share leader in every segment that it participates in. So the thing that really impacts our growth there is the underlying progress being made in the segments that we're serving, in terms of the adoption rates and the evolution of standards like PCI Express and the Storage standard, like SAS and SATA, and of course up and coming things like UWB and Wireless USC. And I think that the pace of rollout of the new silicon and the new standards and the adoption has been slower than we like and it's impacting our growth and so, as the leader in the market and running a very profitable business, we've got some choices, particularly with regard to other segments that we want to target, and to do that, we really need to be able to pull back some of the double investments that we've been making in product lines where all the overlap resided between us and Catalyst when we made that acquisition. And that's really what the Protocol initiative is all about, giving us a chance to free up some investments, aim at some new and interesting segments of opportunity and see if we can get the growth engine out there reignited. 
John Harmon  Needham & Co.:  One more if I may. I'm not really trying to get you to reveal your product pipeline, but at this point in time, what are the new Protocols, do you think are going to be the biggest opportunities for you? 
Tom Reslewic:  Well, I think probably at least one that I can mention that's right on the horizon for us is certainly moving rapidly and it's really definitely a LeCroy protocol to win and that's USB 3.0, which has a nice speed bump up compared to the existing 2.0 standard. And it's very attractive, because it'll really drive not only the chip guides but the motherboard and lots of peripherals and wide deployment like USB has. So we've really got a lot of energy on that. And then there are a couple of things that are new and different and I think it would be  it's a little bit premature for us to talk about what they are. But I will tell you the product development cycle in that business is so much shorter than the scope business that it won't be too long before we'll be able to tell you what we're doing in some of these new areas. 
John Harmon  Needham & Co.:  Great. Thank you very much. 
Tom Reslewic:  Sure. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Raj Seth with Cowen & Co. Please go ahead with your question. 
Raj Seth  Cowen & Co.:  Hi. Thanks. Tom, you mentioned some anticipated seasonal weakness in the first quarter, in addition to being a little cautious given some of the transitions. I wonder if you could put a little bit more color on your expectations in Q1, maybe on an operating margin basis or anything else you can give us beyond that high level commentary to help us with our models and so forth? 
Tom Reslewic:  Right. Sure. I think that the way I would look at Q1 is I'd look at Q1 as being not materially different than  we run about three quarters almost identical. Q2, 3 and 4 of fiscal '08 are almost carbon copies of each other, in terms of revenue, operating margins and so forth. I would say that, that basic level that we're on really kind of defines where we'll stay for another quarter and maybe that even slightly moderated downward just a touch, just because of the seasonality. So, I think that there's some natural seasonality. I think the book-to-bill is going to be great and I think there's no doubt about that and I think that will be one of the things that will help us bump up in the subsequent quarters. But I think that the real issue is this WavePro is very captivating. It's really got the salesforce humming along at a really great note and I think the issue for us is we won't get the first ones shipped to customers until September. Now, that was a big decision for us to make to decide what the mix was going to be between instruments that we deploy as demonstrators or instruments that we allow to get out the door for revenue. And we, I have to say, we made the decision to push more towards the demonstrators and get the demonstrator instruments out early. We're going to have a really large number of demo units. We think that the story is exciting and that the channel is primed and we think our channel capacity is excellent. So we want to capitalize on all of those things to drive the interest in the market and to do that, we're going to sacrifice the number of units that we're going to be able to ship in really the last three weeks of September or so. And so I think that, that plus a similar new product cycle on the Protocol side, are kind of the internal factors and then of course it's just the normal summer time, the seasonality that we naturally face. So I think you should be thinking in terms of another quarter that's not that different from where we've been for the last three, which is still solid $40 million-ish quarters with reasonable operating margins. But I think that thereafter things will start to  if you look at our full year guidance and you kind of see that thereafter things pump up, I think you get a sensation of how we're thinking about things. 
Raj Seth  Cowen & Co.:  Great, a couple of follow-ups. What were orders in the quarter? Perhaps you mentioned that. I missed that. 
Tom Reslewic:  Yes  no, I didn't mention orders in the quarter and we really have not been reporting the actual number of orders, dollars of orders for the last several quarters. But I will say that they were brisk and that they were ahead of chips. 
Raj Seth  Cowen & Co.:  Okay and then gross margin expectations, you finish out this year in almost 60%, 59.5%  
Tom Reslewic:  Yes. 
Raj Seth  Cowen & Co.:  How should we think about your expectations, given mix and some of the other things going on? Gross margins should  
Tom Reslewic:  Yes (inaudible) our target is to get back into the 60% to 65% range. I still think it's another quarter or two before we cross the boundary, cross the 60% border, but I would expect that to occur, certainly, by the time we get to midyear. 
Raj Seth  Cowen & Co.:  Okay and tax rate, same sort of 32%, is that the way to think about it? 
Sean O'Connor:  That's right, Raj. 
Raj Seth  Cowen & Co.:  Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ajit Pai with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please go ahead with your question. 
Swen Ingmar  Thomas Weisel Partners:  Yes, hi, this is Swen Ingmar [ph]. I'm calling in for Ajit. I have a couple of quick questions. First one, wanted to ask in terms of the product mix in the current quarter  or what were the growth rates in the current quarter in terms of Oscilloscopes and Protocol Solutions? 
Tom Reslewic:  Yes. As you know, we don't specifically break those two product lines out, because of the synergies between the overall business. But I can tell you, just from kind of a comparable growth perspective, the year-on-year, so Q4 to Q4 growth in the Scopes business was close to 14% and we were pretty much just slightly ahead of flat in the Protocol business, so kind of a turnaround. The Scope business really drove the growth in the fourth quarter. Protocol sitting, as I mentioned it earlier, a little flattish and we want to try to do something about that. And it's important to note the Protocol business typically, that product line has a much higher gross margin, generally, so to see the overall margins improve when the mix shift in favor of the Scope business is a little counterintuitive. And I think that really points to some of the underlying strength that we've been starting to build in the Scope business, particularly in our midrange product lines where we've been, we had a very strong quarter and very good margin performance as well. 
Swen Ingmar  Thomas Weisel Partners:  And now, in terms of the next year, when you think about your product mix, what are you targeting, in terms of Oscilloscope versus Protocol Solution side? I think historically you've been talking about 80-20 mix. 
Tom Reslewic:  Yes. I think, generally, whether its 80-20, 75-25, somewhere in there, I think that's generally about right. 
Swen Ingmar  Thomas Weisel Partners:  And then when you think about the mix there evolving, do you see  is there going to be  and when we model our quarterly numbers, do you see certain kind of slowdown in the Protocol Solutions side in the first couple of quarters with ramp thereafter? Or how should we think about that side of the business? 
Tom Reslewic:  I think that it'll probably be another quarter or two of somewhat steady as it is in Protocol, but I think that a lot of this will depend on the success of our ability to launch and penetrate some new segments. So our expectation is certainly by the time we get into midyear we'll start to have a couple of those solutions deployed and from there we'll see. But hopefully some of the new initiatives will start to drive our business back into some stronger growth as we turn the corner in midyear. 
Swen Ingmar  Thomas Weisel Partners:  Great. Thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Mike Crawford with Riley Investment Management. Please go ahead with your question. 
Mike Crawford  Riley Investment Management:  Thanks. For next year, could you walk through just a couple of the GAAP and non-GAAP assumptions for us? Like, first of all, like for example GAAP, non-GAAP and cash tax rate expected? 
Sean O'Connor:  Mike, the GAAP rate will be a little bit higher than the 32% tax rate we predict for non-GAAP, simply because we have ISOs, stock competition expense that don't have any certain tax benefits. So that could be two points higher on the GAAP versus non-GAAP. Cash from operations, we expect to build upon the current year. It could be 5% to 10% higher in terms of cash from operations. So there's really no distinction between GAAP and non-GAAP on that format and going forward, we don't have any plans for any particular adjustments for non-GAAP other than stock-based compensation expense. So that would be the only item and that runs about $1 million a quarter. 
Mike Crawford  Riley Investment Management:  Okay and just on the inventory write-downs, none of these were for the old WavePro? These were all for Catalyst branded products for the most part? 
Tom Reslewic:  Actually, 100% of the inventory action was on the Protocol line, so one of the things that we've done is we have not discontinued the old WavePro. In fact, the old WavePro is a steady performing product and it's integrated into a lot of systems and a lot of customers' labs, particularly some of our data storage customers that have relied on the WavePro for many years. So the WavePro 7,000 series products are  will still continue to live. They'll come down in volume, of course, but we'll continue to supply them to customers like data storage guys who need them. So, as a result, there was no inventory impact there and we don't expect one. That transition's managed rather smoothly. All of the inventory really related to products that were the overlap products when we acquired Catalyst. In fact, you could imagine that these delay-in-actions were things  if we had not kept the dual product structure, these are things we might have done right at the acquisition. So you could really look at it kind of a delayed reaction to what we might have done on acquisition day, reflecting the fact that we wanted to make sure we kept all the customers in the boat for a couple years until we could really migrate the products to everyone's satisfaction. 
Mike Crawford  Riley Investment Management:  Okay, so just kind of taking that a step further. One of the potential concerns has been that, with the new WavePro 7 offering all these greater features and what not that you might get caught with some older product in the channel, or whatever, that would need to be reduced. But that's clearly not happening, in your opinion, at this point? 
Tom Reslewic:  It's not. We don't believe it to be an issue at all. 
Mike Crawford  Riley Investment Management:  Great. Thank you. 
Tom Reslewic:  Yes. 
Operator:  (Operator instructions) There are no other questions in the queue at this time. 
Tom Reslewic:  Okay, great. So thanks, operator, and thanks everyone for listening and we look forward to speaking with you all again when we announce our first quarter results in mid-October. Thank you again. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines now.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-28 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jason VanWees - VP, Corporate Development and IR Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President, CEO Dale Schnittjer - SVP and CFO John Kuelbs - EVP, General Counsel, and Secretary
Analysts:  John Harmon - Needham & Company Mike Smith - BB&T Capital Markets Matthew Crews - Noble Financial Group Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus Ryan Rackley - Raymond James Mike Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Teledyne first quarter earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations at Teledyne Technologies. I would like to welcome everyone to Teledyne's first-quarter 2008 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne's Chairman, President, and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Dale Schnittjer; and Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary, John Kuelbs. After remarks by Robert and Dale, we will answer your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell everyone that all forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various risks, assumptions, caveats, noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings; and of course, actual results may differ materially. In addition, in order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in will be available for about one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason. Good morning, everyone. I will start with some introductory comments about the overall performance of the company, and then follow up with more detailed observations about each of our business segments and markets. First, we are very pleased with our operational performance of our company. In the first quarter, Teledyne achieved all-time record quarterly sales of $451.8 million, driven by overall organic growth of 8.9% and achieved an all-time record quarterly earnings of $0.77 per share, which increased 35.1% from last year. This was the 25th consecutive quarterly year-over-year growth in earnings per share and the 16th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in earnings per share. During the first quarter also, our overall GAAP operating margin increased 99 basis points to 10.6%. Now, in addition to our financial performance, the first quarter was also strategically significant to Teledyne. During this quarter, we completed four acquisitions within our core markets. Three of these acquisitions were announced before our January 2008 earnings call. Since I discussed these companies in more detail then, I will only make a few comments as a reminder. Teledyne Judson Technologies, which serves the electro-optical sensor market in both the visible light and infrared spectrums, increased our sensor portfolio and imaging subsystem capabilities in this domain. The acquisition of Teledyne Impulse was our third acquisition, in the harsh environment marine connector market. Compared to our existing lines of marine connectors, which are often used at full ocean depth, Impulse provides a range of connectors primarily for shallower depth or splash zone applications. The third acquisition, Teledyne Storm Products, specializes in harsh environment interconnect products for both the marine and defensive microwave markets. Shortly after our last earnings call, we announced a fourth deal, the acquisition of TSS International Limited. Teledyne TSS adds inertial positioning and navigation systems to our marine acoustic instrumentation and interconnect product portfolio. Such inertial positioning systems are important in marine applications given that GPS does not function underwater. Furthermore, TSS inertial navigation products strongly complement Teledyne's existing acoustic navigation products. For example, TSS's inertial navigation systems may be combined with Teledyne RBI's acoustic Doppler velocity logs to enhance the navigation of subsea vehicles, including autonomous underwater vehicles. Through these and our previous focused acquisitions, we've been able to increase our technical capabilities and the size of our addressable market, as well as help protect our portfolio from economic slowdowns in any given sectors. For example, while rising energy costs could adversely affect the broader markets or some of our aviation-related products, this could be offset by our growing businesses serving the marine, oil, and gas exploration and production markets. These marine instrumentation businesses, which now account for approximately $300 million of annualized revenue, performed exceptionally well in the first quarter, with strong organic growth bolstered by recent acquisitions. I will now elaborate on the operating performance of our business segments, followed by Dale Schnittjer, who will discuss in more detail our financial performance and comment on our outlook for the second quarter and the full year 2008. First quarter sales in our Electronics and Communications segment increased 21.3% compared to last year, from $248.3 million to $301.3 million with organic growth of 8.5%. Segment operating profit increased 33.4%, from $30.2 million to $40.3 million; and segment operating margin increased 121 basis points to 13.4%. Our Electronics and Communications businesses generate approximately two-thirds of Teledyne's total sales. In this segment, our businesses lie within three separate markets. First, defense electronics, which represents our approximately 40% of the segment, second, electronic instrumentation, which represents approximately another 42% of the segment, and third, avionics and other commercial electronics, which represents the remaining 17% of the segment. In the first quarter of 2008, sales of defense electronics increased approximately 10.6% compared to the first quarter of 2007. Defense electronics sales growth resulted from organic growth of about 3%, primarily driven by increased sales of microwave subassemblies. The remainder of the growth resulted from acquisition of Storm Products and Judson Technologies. Turning to our electronic instrumentation businesses, in the first quarter of 2008 year-over-year sales increased approximately 42% compared to last year, from $92.2 million to $130.7 million due to strong organic sales growth of 16.2% as well as the acquisition of assets of D.G. O'Brien in March of 2007, and the acquisitions of Impulse Enterprise, Storm Products, and TSS International early in the first quarter of 2008. Organic growth in instrumentation was comprised of approximately 20% in marine instrumentation, and approximately 15% organic growth in environmental monitoring instruments, and 11% organic growth of instrumentation for industrial applications. Finally, I will discuss our avionics and other commercial electronics businesses in this segment. In the first quarter, sales from these businesses collectively increased about 6.3% compared to last year, as 20% sales growth of our avionics systems was more than offset by our planned declined sales in electronic manufacturing services for medical devices. Turning to our Engineered Systems segment, in the first quarter of 2008 revenue in this segment decreased 13% organically compared to last year. The strong sales growth primarily resulted from increased manufacturing revenue, much of it related to a $19.4 million gas centrifuge service module contract which we announced in February for which we are manufacturing hardware that will be used to help enrich uranium for use in commercial nuclear power plants. Segment operating profit increased 24.6% from $6.5 million to $8.5 million and segment operating margin increased 90 basis points from approximately 8.8% to 9.7%. I will now discuss our Aerospace Engines and Components segment which, as a reminder, now solely represent Teledyne Continental Motors, our aircraft piston engine business. Sales in this segment were flat compared to last year. But operating profit declined about 23% primarily as a result of sales mix in the OEM market. As for the aftermarket, sales of the aftermarkets parts and services declined modestly from the first quarter of 2007. So far, we haven't seen a significant reduction in orders for aftermarkets parts or services. Nevertheless, some softness in demand could occur given the current economic conditions. As you know, aftermarket demand is better correlated with general aviation flight hours, which can be more economically sensitive than demand for new aircraft from the OEM sector. That being said, we have factored some of these in our outlook for the remainder of the year. Finally, in our Energy and Power Systems segment, revenue for the first quarter of 2008 increased 20.6% compared to last year, due primarily to higher sales of government power system as well as demand for our commercial hydrogen generators sold to overseas markets for use in infrastructure projects. Operating profit increased about 11% from $1.8 million to $2.2 million. In conclusion, Teledyne achieved another record quarter in revenue and earnings per share. In a world of higher energy prices, higher pollution concerns, and uncertain financial markets, I believe Teledyne is strategically well positioned with a good mix of government and commercial businesses that produce highly-engineered products which are not easily commoditized. Our revenue run rate has now grown to over $1.8 billion. While our government and defense businesses have continued to grow, our acquisitions and growth initiatives in the marine and environmental domain have significantly strengthened our recent performance. Beyond driving growth, we appreciate the fact that our marine businesses, which participate in the offshore energy exploration and production markets, could help lessen the potential impact of increases in energy costs in our others markets. I will now turn the call over to Dale Schnittjer.
Dale Schnittjer: Thank you, Robert, and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter and full year not covered by Robert. Then I will give an update on pension costs and discuss our 2008 outlook. In the first quarter, cash provided from operating activities was $22.6 million compared to cash provided from operating activities of $36.5 million for the same period of 2007. The lower operating cash flow was primarily due to increased working capital requirements and higher pension contributions. Free cash flow, that is, cash from operating activities less capital expenditures, for the first quarter was $13.9 million compared to $24.2 million for the same period of 2007. Capital expenditures were $8.7 million in the first quarter compared to $12.3 million for the same period of 2007. We ended the quarter with $279.2 million of net debt. Our balance sheet remains strong with a net debt-to-capital ratio of 33.1%.  Despite tighter credit markets, we were able to increase available borrowings under our credit facility from $400 million to $590 million during the quarter with no increase in marginal borrowing costs. So far, we have been largely unaffected by problems in the credit markets. In fact, Teledyne has recently benefited from the reduction in interest rates, which lowered the borrowing cost on our floating-rate facility. As noted in our press release, depreciation and amortization expense for the first quarter of 2008 was $10.7 million compared to depreciation and amortization expense of $7.7 million in the first quarter of 2007. Moving to pension, in the first quarter of 2008, FAS 87 and FAS 158 pension expense was $2.3 million or a negative earnings per share impact of $0.04. This compares to a FAS 87 and FAS 158 pension expense of $3 million or negative earnings per share impact of $0.05 in the same period of 2007. Pension expense allocated to contracts pursuant to Cost Accounting Standards, or CAS, was $2.3 million, or a positive earnings per share impact of $0.04 in the first quarter of 2008, compared with a $2.5 million or a positive earnings per share impact of $0.04 in the first quarter of 2007. As we have mentioned before, starting January 1, 2004, new hires have been added to an enhanced defined contribution plan as opposed to the company's existing defined benefit plan. Now moving to stock options. In the first quarter of 2008, per the requirements of SFAS number 123(R), stock option compensation expense was $1.9 million or a negative earnings per share impact of $0.03, compared with $1.7 million or a negative earnings per share impact also of $0.03 in the first quarter of 2007. Now let me turn to our 2008 outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the second quarter of 2008 will be in the range of $0.72 to $0.74. The full year 2008 earnings per share are expected to be in the range of approximately $2.98 to $3.06 compared with our previous outlook of $2.86 to $2.94. Our outlook for the second quarter and full year 2008 reflects some additional operating margin pressure which is expected to result in part from the increase in depreciation and intangible asset amortization as well as interest expense resulting from the acquisitions completed in early fiscal 2008. We expect full year 2008 capital expenditures of approximately $45 million, and depreciation and amortization expense of approximately $45 million. For the full year of 2008, we currently anticipate approximately $10 million or $0.17 per share in pension expense under FAS 87 and FAS 158, or $600,000, which is $0.01 per share in net pension expense after recovery of allowable pension cost from our CAS-covered government contracts. Full year 2007 earnings included $11.9 million or $0.21 per share in pension expense under FAS 87 and FAS 158, or $1.7 million, which is $0.03 per share in net pension expense after recovery of allowable pension costs from our CAS-covered government contracts. The decrease in full year 2008 net pension expense reflects pension contributions made in 2007. The company's 2008 earnings outlook also reflects $7.8 million or $0.13 per share in stock option compensation expense, based on current assumptions regarding stock option issuances during the year and estimated fair value of stock option grants. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Dale. We would like to take your questions now. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with questions and answers, please go ahead
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will take the first question from John Harmon with Needham & Company.
John Harmon - Needham & Company: Hello and good morning.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, John.
John Harmon - Needham & Company: I would just like to ask two questions, please. First of all, given that you closed four acquisitions in the first quarter, does that exhaust your acquisition integration capacity? Or maybe you could talk about the outlook for the rest of the year. And secondly, your second-quarter earnings guidance is below the first quarter. You talked about some margin pressure. Where do you think that will hit you on the P&L, please? Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, John. First, in vis-a-vis our integration capabilities, I don't think that thats is a serious issue. Of course, four acquisitions in the span of three months is significant even for a company like ours. But I don't think it is going to tax us that much. On the second question, which is the second quarter, in the first quarter we had about $0.03 to $0.04 of tax benefit from our 2007 R&D tax credit. So, if you take that out, those quarters are essentially flat sequentially. And, with the economic environment that we have now and we think we are going to have some decrease in margins, especially in our Engineered Systems, some tightening of margins, we think thats a good assumption, the $0.72 to $0.74 that we've guided.
John Harmon - Needham & Company: That helps. Thank you.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, John.
Operator: Our next question if from the line of Michael Lewis with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mike Smith - BB&T Capital Markets: Good morning, actually this is Mike Smith in for Mike Lewis. Just a quick question. What are the expectations for free cash flow in fiscal '08? Thanks.
Robert Mehrabian: For the whole year? I will let Dale answer that.
Dale Schnittjer: It's approximately $100 million.
Robert Mehrabian: Did you get that, Mike?
Mike Smith - BB&T Capital Markets: Yes, I did. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from the line Mark Jordan with Noble Financial Group. Please go ahead.
Matthew Crews - Noble Financial Group: Yes, good morning. This is actually Matthew Crews standing in for Mark this morning. Just a question on the Electronics and Communications. There was some strong organic growth, so it doesn't surprise me, I guess, that the margins showed some improvement there. There has historically been some seasonality in the first quarter for that segment. Is that something that's going to dissipate a little bit with the growth in the marine business? Could you give any color there?
Robert Mehrabian: Yes, Matt. I think the first quarter was strong. I think the remainder of the year is going to be of the same order, maybe a little down. So I think year-over-year around 12%, 13% in growth is what we expect. Maybe a little higher.
Matthew Crews - Noble Financial Group: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steve Levenson with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. Good morning. I first want to say thanks for all the detail you provide in your disclosure. It's really helpful. I wanted to ask a question about the margin improvement. Can you say that a certain portion came from your waste reduction, warranty and rework production plans? Or did most of this come from just the fact that you had the better revenue growth?
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Stephen. This is a little different in the different segment. In the Electronics segment, the improvements are primarily because of the higher revenue we are experiencing in some of our higher-margin products. Those would be our harsh environment connectors, both for defense and marine, and some of our other marine businesses. Some basis point improvements we saw in our engineered products. We think that's going to be, thats more seasonal. They did experience some improvement in revenue in high-margin products, but we think that might go down to more, as the year progresses that might go down to more historical margins of between 8% and 9%. And usually, as you well know, as revenue goes up, if we do the operational improvements that we focus on in our manufacturing, we always expect to improve our margins 20 to 25, 30 basis points just because of our focus on manufacturing.
Steve Levenson Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks very much. Second item has to do with the fact that there are a lot of solicitations out there now for the tactical infrared products and systems. So where exactly does Teledyne fit in there and how is the acquisition of Judson expected to help you there?
Robert Mehrabian: First, let me start with Judson, and then back into the tactical domain of infrared products. In the Judson acquisition, we achieved two things. First, we have been primarily mercad telluride providers for focal plane arrays. The Judson acquisition broadens our focal plane array capabilities to include indium antimonide and InGaAs, indium gallium arsenide. So we have a broader FPA product line because of that and the packaging capabilities. The second part of Judson is that they do bring capabilities in dewars and coolers which moves us up in the subassembly and assembly area to be able to actually move up to the camera level potentially. So that is the Judson part. On the, going back to the warfighters' needs, if you look at our mercad telluride products, we have now developed a two-colors capability, the long wavelength range infrared, which is about, averages about 10 micron meters and the mid-wavelength range which is about 5 micron meters. Historically, warfighters want to be able to first detect an enemy, which you use the long infrared which is able to go through smoke and dust. And the second part is they want to identify the enemy. And there, you use a closer-in infrared which is the medium wavelength infrared. So heretofore, people have used single colors. Going forward, the two colors is going to be more important, and we do have capabilities in that domain now. I don't know if that answers your question fully but that is the best I can do.
Steve Levenson - Stifel Nicolaus: That answers it fully. Thanks very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ryan Rackley with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Ryan Rackley - Raymond James: Good morning, gentlemen.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Rackley - Raymond James: I believe, at last quarter you'd mentioned that defense electronics should grow organically around 7% or so, and instrumentation should grow in the high single digit range. Obviously, numbers came in this quarter a little different. Would you expect over the course of the year for the organic growth rates to revert back to those original estimates?
Robert Mehrabian: That just shows how much I know about predicting numbers. But I would say that I still expect full-year organic growth in the defense electronics being the single digit ranges of 6% to 7%. And I think instruments would probably go down, the organic part, from the high that we just experienced up 16% down to closer to higher single digits. So we might end up with the year in the instrumentation in 8% to 9%. So, each of them went in the other direction. I think defense electronics was a little lower than we anticipated and instruments were a little higher than we anticipated.
Ryan Rackley - Raymond James: Great, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Well take the next question from Michael Smith with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mike Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Hey, Robert. It's actually Mike Lewis. We are playing flip-flop with you here. Excuse me. Okay, if I could just follow up on Steve's questions about Judson, and I was interested to find out what space-based applications Judson would offer that you would be able to leverage with Rockwell.
Robert Mehrabian: In the space-based, I think we covered that pretty much, Michael, with our mercad telluride line. We were previously announced late in 2007 we received a major program called HIGH STARE, which is for the next generation of space-based sensors; and thats primarily mercad telluride based system. What Judson provides is some of the technology that we can apply to space in conjunction with our imaging systems. They provide some of the packaging technologies. Some of the, it's potentially the InGaAs could be also useful there. So, that is the space-based part.
Mike Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: That's very helpful. And then just a quick follow-up with regard to the E&C segment. Very strong quarter, margin-wise. Do you believe that we will see sustainable margin at 13% or above through the rest of this year and into 2009? And then just a second part of that question, do you think it is going to be driven specifically by electronic instruments within there?
Robert Mehrabian: I think, Michael, 13% is a reasonably good number for the rest of the year. If my predictions are going to be accurate, I think that is okay. I think we can sustain that, only because our business mix is improved significantly in that domain.
Mike Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thank you. Keep up the great work.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Michael
Operator: We have no further questions in queue, so please continue.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, operator. I will now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert, and again, thanks to everyone for joining us this morning. If you have any follow-up questions, please call me at the number listed on the earnings release. And of course, all news releases are available on our website, Teledyne.com. Operator, if you could please close the conference call and give the replay information, we would appreciate it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be available for replay after 10 AM today through midnight, May 23. You may access the AT&T Executive Teleconference replay system at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 909174. International participants please dial 320-365-3844. Once again, the numbers are 1-800-475-6701 and internationally, 320-365-3844 using access code 909174. That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jason VanWees - VP of Corporate Development and IR Robert Mehrabian - Chairman, President and CEO Dale Schnittjer - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Market John Harmon - Needham & Company Chris Quilty - Raymond James Karl Oehlschlaeger - Banc of America
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Teledyne Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session; instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Jason VanWees. Please go ahead.
Jason VanWees: Good morning, everyone. This is Jason VanWees, Vice President, Corporate Development and Investor Relations at Teledyne Technologies. I'd like to welcome everyone to Teledyne Technologies' fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings release conference call. We released our earnings earlier this morning before the market opened. Joining me today are Teledyne Technologies' Chairman, President, and CEO, Robert Mehrabian; Senior Vice President and CFO, Dale Schnittjer; and Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, John Kuelbs. After remarks by Robert and Dale, we will ask for your questions. However, before we get started, our attorneys have reminded me to tell you all that forward-looking statements made this morning are subject to various assumptions, risks and caveats as noted in the earnings release and our periodic SEC filings, and, of course, actual results may differ materially. Also, in order to avoid potential selective disclosures, this call is simultaneously being webcast and a replay, both via webcast and dial-in, will be available for approximately one month. Here is Robert.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Jason and good morning everyone. As per custom, I'll start with some introductory comments about the overall performance of the company. I'll then follow-up with more detailed observations about each of our business segments and markets. Overall, I'm very pleased with both the operational performance and the strategic progress of our company. From an operational perspective, Teledyne achieved record sales of $427.5 million in the fourth quarter driven by overall organic growth of 7.6%. Earnings of $0.73 per share increased 37.7% from last year.  For the full year 2007, sales were $1.62 billion and earnings of $2.72 increased 20.4% from last year. This was the 24th consecutive quarterly year-over-year growth in earnings per share and the 15th consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in earnings per share.  During the fourth quarter, overall GAAP operating margin increased 129 basis points to 10% largely as a result of our Electronics and Communications segment in which the operating margin of [13.7%] increased 176 basis points compared to last year.  Finally, full year 2007 cash flow of $126.4 million was greater than the cumulative free cash flow achieved in 2005 and 2006.  Our operational excellence initiatives have continued to improve the quality and the financial performance of our businesses. Strategically, through targeted acquisitions we've been able to increase our technical capabilities, our scale within our major business areas, and the size of our addressable markets.  Our recent acquisitions of Teledyne Storm and Teledyne Impulse further expanded our defense microwave and marine instrumentation businesses with additional high reliability interconnect products. Following these acquisitions, Teledyne's annualized sales of harsh environment interconnect products are expected to be approximately $200 million.  In addition, following the pending acquisition of Judson Technologies, Teledyne Imaging Sensors will be able to provide a substantially wider range of visible and infrared detectors in integrated subsystems and camera products.  Judson's experience with a variety of detector materials, such as Indium Antimonide and Indium Gallium Arsenide, as well as its production of door and cooler assemblies, complements our existing capabilities in advanced detector materials and the production of large format focal plane arrays and design of custom imaging electronics. It's important to note that in a world of higher energy prices, heightened pollution concerns, and robust aerospace spending, Teledyne is strategically well positioned. Our portfolio of highly engineered products primarily leverage to aerospace and defense, offshore energy exploration and production and environmental monitoring market is quite attractive, especially given the turbulence in the financial markets and the concerns about the domestic and global economics. Turning to our business segment, in the fourth quarter we have realigned three operating companies; Teledyne Energy Systems, our former energy systems segment, and Teledyne Turbine Engines and Teledyne Battery Products, both of which were part of our Aerospace Engines and Components segment, were combined into a new segment called Energy and Power Systems. This new segment will provide our customers with a focal point for specialized hydrogen generators, fuel cells, thermal electric generator, batteries and small turbine engines that we manufacture.  These are primarily for high-reliability aerospace and defense applications. In addition, Systems Engineering Solution segment has been renamed Engineered Systems to better describe its programs. I will now elaborate on the operating performance of our business segments followed by Dale Schnittjer, who will discuss in more detail our financial performance and comments on our outlook for the first quarter and the full year 2008. Fourth quarter sales in our Electronics and Communications segment increased 11.6%, compared to last year from $254 million to $283.5 million with organic growth of 9%. Segment operating profit increased 28.1% from $30.2 million to $38.7 million and segment operating margin increased 176 basis points. Full year sales in our Electronics and Communications segment increased 19.1% compared to last year from $899.4 million to approximately $1.07 billion. Full year segment operating profit increased 31% from $109.3 million to $143.2 million and segment operating margin increased to 121 basis points.  Our electronics and communications businesses now generate approximately two-thirds of Teledyne's total sales. In this segment, our businesses lie within three separate market categories: First, defense electronics, which represents approximately 41% of the segment; second, electronic instruments, which now represents approximately another 42% of the segment; and third, avionics and other commercial electronics which represent the remaining 17% of the segment.  In the fourth quarter of 2007, sales of defense electronics have increased approximately 7.7% compared to the fourth quarter of 2006. This sales growth was entirely organic and primarily resulted from increased sales of imaging sensors and military microwave components and subsystems.  For the full year 2007, sales of defense electronics increased approximately 28% compared to last year.  Turning to our electronic instrumentation businesses, in the fourth quarter of 2007, year-over-year sales of electronic instruments increased approximately 25% from last year, from $97.2 million to $121.6 million. This was due primarily to strong organic sales growth of 18.3%, as well as the acquisition of assets of D.G. O'Brien in March of 2007.  Organic growth in instrumentation was comprised of 27% organic growth in marine instrumentation, 12% of organic growth in environmental monitoring instruments and 12% growth in instruments for industrial applications. For the full year, sales of electronic instrumentation increased approximately 25%.  Finally, I'll discuss our avionics and other commercial electronics businesses, which in the fourth quarter of 2007 collectively had a sales increase of approximately 7% compared to last year, as a 13% sales growth of higher margin avionics was more than offset by a decline in sales of lower margin electronic manufacturing services.  We should note that earlier in 2007, we exited certain electronic manufacturing services as these businesses were not consistent with our strategy of focusing on highly engineered products might not likely to be commoditize. Excluding these product lines, sales of avionics and other electronics increased over 8% in the quarter compared to last year. Turning to our Engineered Systems segment, in the fourth quarter of 2007 revenue in this segment increased 7.6% organically compared to last year. Strong growth in our space programs was partially offset by year-over-year declines in some of our defense and environmental programs. Segment operating profit increased 18.3% from $6 million to $7.1 million and segment operating margin increased 83 basis points to almost 9.1%. Full year sales in our Engineered Systems segment increased 6.6% compared to last year from $283 million to $301.7 million with organic growth of 3.6%. Full year segment operating profit increased almost 7% from $24.5 million to $26.2 million and an operating margin of 8.7% was nearly identical to last year. Turning to our Aerospace Engines and Components segment, which now solely represents Teledyne Continental Motors, our aircraft piston engine business, sales in this segment were flat compared to last year, but operating profit improved slightly due to lower product liability expense. During the fourth quarter, as previously noted, deliveries of aircraft engines for OEM aircraft were impacted by the bankruptcy of Colombia Aircraft, one of our customers. However, Cessna recently acquired assets of Colombia and we expect they will continue to produce the Colombia models using our engines. Full year sales in this segments were also flat compared to last year. Orders, on the other hand, increased in each sequential quarter throughout the year and full year book-to-bill in this segment was 1.06. Full year segment operating profit increased to almost 24% from $15.5 million to $19.2 million as operating margins increased 209 basis points. Furthermore, if we exclude the non-recurring payments from Honda of $2.5 million in 2006, operating margin in 2007 increased 347 basis points from 2006. Finally, in our Energy and Power Systems segment, revenue in the fourth quarter of 2007 increased 5.4% compared to last year, due to higher sales of commercial hydrogen generators, partially offset by lower cruise missile turbine engine sales. Profit declined slightly in the fourth quarter from $3.2 million to $3 million. Full year sales in this segment decreased slightly about 1% compared to last year, as double-digit revenue growth in hydrogen generators and aviation batteries was more than offset by reduced deliveries of turbine engines. In addition, full year segment operating profit also declined slightly. To wrap up, in conclusion, Teledyne achieved another record quarter in revenue and strong year-over-year growth in earnings. While our revenue run rate has grown to over $1.6 billion, we have continued to build a more focused and stronger performing company. We have maintained an intentional balance between government and commercial businesses, not only as a buffer against market cycles, but also because we are often able to apply technology developed for one market to another. For example, as you know, we have completed a number of acquisitions to expand our product offerings in defense, microwave and marine instrumentation markets. While we have individually expanded each of these businesses, we have also collectively developed a number of cross platform technologies related to harsh environment electrical microwave and fiber-optic interconnect. Going forward, we intend to first emphasize improved profitability through operational excellence and improved margins, and, second, invest in our existing businesses and make acquisitions of businesses that are related to Teledyne's core competencies. Businesses that preferably operate in regulated market, businesses that are not likely to be commoditized and finally, businesses that have favorable market trend. I will now turn the call over to Dale Schnittjer.
Dale Schnittjer: Thank you, Robert and good morning. I will first discuss some additional financials for the quarter and full year not covered by Robert. Then, I will give an update on pension costs and discuss our 2008 outlook. In the fourth quarter, cash provided from operating activities was $43.3 million compared with cash provided from operating activities of $15.9 million for the same period of 2006. The higher operating cash flow was primarily due to higher net income, increased cash from acquisitions, lower pension payments, and lower tax payments. Free cash flow for the fourth quarter was $33.7 million, bringing free cash flow for the full year to $126.4 million. Capital expenditures were $9.6 million in the fourth quarter compared to $10.1 million for the same period of 2006. We ended the quarter with $129.8 million of net debt. Our balance sheet remains strong with the net debt to cap ratio of 19.7%. As noted in the earnings release, we completed two acquisitions and have one acquisition pending following the end of the quarter. Adjusting for these acquisitions, net debt to cap would be approximately 32%. Depreciation and amortization expense for the fourth quarter of 2007 was $9.1 million compared to depreciation and amortization expense of $11.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2006. Moving to pension, in the fourth quarter of 2007, FAS 87 and 158 pension expense was $3 million or negative earnings per share impact of $0.05. This compares to FAS 87 pension expense of $3.2 million or a negative earnings per share of $0.06 in the same period of 2006. Pension expense allocated to contracts pursuant to Cost Accounting Standards or CAS was $2.6 million or a positive earnings per share impact of $0.04 in the fourth quarter of 2007, compared to $2.6 million or positive earnings per share impact of $0.05 in the fourth quarter of 2006. As we have mentioned before, starting January 1, 2004, new hires have been added to an enhanced defined contribution plan as opposed to the company's existing define benefit plan. Now, moving to stock option compensation expense. In the fourth quarter of 2007, for requirements SFAS No.123R, stock option compensation expense was $1.7 million or a negative earnings per share impact of $0.03, compared with $1.5 million or a negative earnings per share impact of approximately $0.03 in the fourth quarter of 2006. Now, let me turn to the 2008 outlook. Management currently believes that GAAP earnings per share in the first quarter of 2008 will be in the range of $0.63 to $0.66. The full year 2008 earnings per share are expected to be in the range of approximately $2.86 to $2.94. In addition, our full year 2008 earnings per share outlook reflects the anticipated receipt of tax credits of $1.3 million or about $0.04 per share in the first quarter of 2008. Our first quarter, and full year 2008 earnings outlook, reflects some additional operating income margin pressure which is expected to result in part from the increase in depreciation of intangible assets as well as the intangible asset amortization and the interest expense resulting from the acquisitions completed in 2007 and following the close of the fourth quarter. We expect full year 2008 capital expenditures of approximately $45 million and depreciation and amortization expense of approximately $45 million. The depreciation and amortization expense in 2008 is approximately $10 million greater than 2007 with approximately $6 million of this increase being related to increased intangibles and purchase accounting adjustments. For the full year of 2008, we currently anticipate approximately $10 million or $0.17 per share and pension expense under FAS 87 and 158 or about $600,000, which is $0.01 per share and net pension expense after recovery of allowable pension costs from our CAS covered government contracts. Full year 2007 earnings included $11.9 million or $0.21 per share and pension expense under FAS 87 and 158 or $1.7 million which is $0.04 per share and net pension expense after recovery of allowable pension cost from our CAS covered government contracts. The decrease in full year 2008 net pension expense reflects pension contributions made in 2007. The company's 2008 earnings outlook also reflect $7.8 million or $0.13 per share in stock option compensation expense, based on current assumptions regarding stock option issuances during the year and estimated fair value of stock option grants. I will now pass the call back to Robert.
Robert Mehrabian:  Thanks, Dale. We would like now to take your questions. Operator, if you are ready to proceed with the questions and answers. Please go ahead.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Michael Lewis with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Market:  Good morning, everyone.
Robert Mehrabian: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Market:  Okay. Robert, just a quick question on the CapEx. Your guidance next year came in a little bit higher than what I was looking for. It looks like you are having to step up in CapEx investment, if we were to compare it to, say, '05 and '06, what we saw back then. Where exactly are you investing these resources? Is there any specific segment or have you identified higher growth businesses that you want to deploy more resources to? Can you tell me what's going on there?
Robert Mehrabian:  Yeah Michael, primarily, there's a little bit of carryover from this year to next year. But rest of it really is investments that we intent to make in our new acquisitions like Impulse and Storm.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Market: Okay. That's helpful. And then, not to really put you too much on the spot here, but if I look at the guidance that you put out in the potential growth outlook of the company, if I take into account the last three acquisitions including Judson, Impulse and Storm; I think that my numbers might be off a little bit, maybe you can correct them if that's indeed the case. But you should have about $80 million in forward revenue according to my model, and if we take a really conservative net margin here, say, 5% was that you are at about $4 million of net income, that takes into account amortization, as well. So, it's about $0.10 accretion of getting just off the back of the outlook here and then if I take your guidance of 286 to 294, you back out the $0.10, at the end of the day, it's implying flat to about 4% EPS growth. I know that's a lot of numbers to throw at you without you seeing it. But I'm just wondering: what's going on in the core business? Are we seeing a slowdown in the core business growth? Or: we are just not seeing this correctly with regards to the acquisition accretion that we're expecting on these properties?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah, Mike, let me come at this in other way, if I may, and then I'll answer the specific question more from a business side. If you look at the table, we have in our earnings that it talks about the outlook table. You'll note that, if you look at 2006, we have about $0.10 headwinds a combination of pension, stock option and tax benefit. In 2007, those three items combined net it up to zero.  In 2008, at the present time, we again expect a headwind of about $0.10 from those three items. So, going into the year, we are already starting with a headwind of $0.10 that we didn't have this year between those three. So, that's part of it. The other part is that, when we make acquisitions like the ones we have mentioned, we have assumptions on intangibles and amortization of intangibles and you may usually don't know where we are going to end up with those because we have an outside firm come in and do that for us, an independent entity, so right now, we think our intangibles are going to be a little higher than we've had experienced with. So, that also plays into it. I think underlying businesses, I don't expect any deteriorations. Coming back to the last part of your question, I think we're going to work very hard to make sure that they perform well. There is some uncertainty obviously, these are the instrumental parts of our business, because that's a book and burned part of our business, so we can't really predict how those are going to be play out throughout the year. Right now, we are optimistic since they are very much dependent on environment and oil and gas production and exploration. That's the best I can do with that complex question, Mike.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: No, that's very helpful, Robert, thank you. So, at the end of the day: the core business looks like we still can maintain an internal growth target north of 5% mid-single? That's the goal?
Robert Mehrabian: I think 5% is a very good number.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Harmon with Needham & Company. Please go ahead.
John Harmon - Needham & Company:  Hello and good morning. A couple of questions. First of all I would just like to talk about the rationale about: how you recombine your businesses? It seems like in these four segments you put most of your energy related businesses, but also turbine engines. Is that -- or just to say a catchall category for non-core businesses? Or: why did those business come together, please?
Robert Mehrabian: John, because our turbine is so specialized and there is a lot of R&D that goes into it and also we're looking at potential standby energy applications for it. The fit with batteries which have a very higher growth rate in business for us, as well as, probably one of our highest margin businesses, and the fact that we also have hydrogen generators, we have other kinds of power generators, radioisotope generators; intellectually and from a market and applications and in customers perspective, these are more military, and they also have technological fit with one another. Actually, we think that this segment has been an area that we intend to grow, and that's frankly why we put them together. We've had some really luck with our hydrogen generators this past quarter and as I said our battery products margins are some of the highest in the company. So, we think this is a core segment for us.
John Harmon - Needham & Company: Okay. Thank you. Just out of curiosity, at one point, you thought you might want to bundle your turbine engine business with your piston engine business to find a buyer to make the combination more attractive. My question is: last year when private equity seemed to be buying everything inside it, did you have any nibbles on this business? And: was it then because you didn't get much interest that led to the changes you announced today?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah, but first let me separate the turbine from piston, because turbine is primarily military, it's all military, and piston is all commercial. So, they have very different market. These businesses are not for sale, and that was many years ago, I think that was right after 2001, where there were all kinds of flight restrictions, and the small general aviation market where small aircraft was suffering terribly, that we considered that. But now it's a nice margin business, I think if you look at the margins for our piston engine business in our earnings release, you'll note that it's over 10%, 10.5% GAAP operating margin. So, we're just going to keep it. It fits better in our portfolio than any value we could realize trying to sell it.
John Harmon - Needham & Company: Okay, thank you. Just one quick for, Dale: what tax rate should we expect in '08?
Dale Schnittjer:  You should assume probably 39%. 
John Harmon - Needham & Company:  Thank you 
Operator: 
 : 
 : 
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Thank you. Dale, just real quick on that tax question. Last couple of years you've recorded the tax benefit in Q3 versus Q1: is there a particular reason for the timing shift? And second of all: is it fair to assume that your '08 guidance does not include the R&D tax credit which Congress has failed to pass up to this point? 
Dale Schnittjer: The timing on the tax credit is associated with the year it's involved with, that particular tax credit of 1.3 million in the first quarter is related to a filing for 2007, once we have defined and determined what the number will be and the tax rate and the total is at 39%, but that does not include the tax credit that was in the first quarter, the 1.3 million.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. But I mean, specifically, lot of companies out there are not including, you got the retroactive tax benefit last year for R&D that Congress was late in passing and of course it was a one year fix. There hasn't yet been one approved for '08 and so: did you take that into consideration in the guidance? It doesn't look like it was a 39% tax rate.
Dale Schnittjer: We did not. The only tax credit that's in '08 is for the 2007 tax year.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. Robert, if you could in years passed, at the start of the year, you've kind of given us sort of directional heading on a business-by-business rundown, sort of general growth rates for the defense electronics area or ENC in general and margins thing that should be pushing it up and down. Could you do that for us again? 
Robert Mehrabian: Sure, I'll try. I think defense electronics, the organic growth this year was over 7%. We expect that would continue may be improved a little bit. In terms of instrumentation our organic growth this year was very strong and we expect next year to be in the high single digits. In other electronics, I think we expect to have flat growth, because we're basically again as we've said before we've exited our medical EMS businesses.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Will the negative comparison in the commercial EMS begun? Or: is it still a little bit of a drag?
Robert Mehrabian: It would be a little bit of a drag in the first quarter.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay.
Robert Mehrabian: Because we really didn't exit this business in the middle of the year, we slowly exited in the first half of the year and the business is down about I'll say about $17 million year-over-year from '06 to '07. So, the other electronic, I expect to be flat because of that. Defense Electronics will be up. We think Energy and Power Systems, our new segments will be up. We expect our Engineered Systems to be up some. And we think general aviation, if nothing terrible happens, should keep up with inflation.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. And any significant margin trends or changes in any of those businesses? Or: which one do you think you might have the possibility for the most margin expansion?
Robert Mehrabian: Right now, we are always looking to increase our margins. We start by aiming to increase them about 25 basis points across the company. Obviously, we think we'll have maybe a little margin improvement in our piston engine business, if we can keep our insurance premiums and our job, first dollar coverage in check. We think in our government businesses, engineered systems business, margins are going to be flat. Maybe even go down a little bit, because we had a good fourth quarter. So overall, we are always aiming for 25 basis points, but obviously, as we go through the year, we push very hard to do better as you know.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. In your press release, you mentioned that a lot of the strength in the defense electronic was in imaging sensors. What specific product lines were they? And: were they related to the Rockwell Scientific business?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. Primarily, when we talk about our imaging business, we are talking about the former Rockwell Scientific Imaging business that we acquired and we have seen some strength there both in our space sensors, which are for both NASA and DoD. We have also had some very nice progress that we have made in launching our aircrew laser eye protection spectacle for the U.S. Air Force. And that's been a good program for us. So, all in all, I think sales in our, what was former Rockwell Scientific, improved about $5 million year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter. But we also had some improvement in our microwave businesses as well and because we are making better, higher integrated microwave subsystems, because of the combination of acquisitions that we have had.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Okay. And more generally on former Rockwell Scientific: where or how are you progressing in terms of some of the next generation imaging technologies?
Robert Mehrabian: That's coming along pretty good. For example, the third gen dual-band infrared cameras that we are developing, we expect to have enough progress in our technical performance and environmental ruggedness of those products to be able to deliver some third gen cameras for field testing to the Army in the next few months. Also, you may recall that we won a High Stare Program in mid year for the next generation of space infrared sensors. And lastly, this Judson acquisition, Chris, is very strategically important to us in that area, because, as you know, most of our imaging work is focused on mercad telluride and large focal plane arrays. What Judson brings and we are making not too many products, 100s of part a year would be on average, is what we make. On the other hand, Judson makes 80,000 to 90,000 products a year and they bring to us, expand our capabilities in detector materials from mercad telluride to include other detector materials like indium antimonide and indium gallium arsenide. They also bring some packaging capabilities and just as importantly, they bring some dewar and cooler capabilities which will help us move higher up in the value chain in our imaging products. So, those combinations make us feel very good about that acquisition.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Great. And final question for you regarding acquisitions. The pipeline: how does it look this year? How do you think both within the defense arena, what the M&A activity is looking like and how the credit market condition help or hurt you?
Robert Mehrabian: By in large, I think the fact that some of equity guys have gone to the sideline that could not hurt. Because the competition was very stiff when money was so readily available. From our perspective, our pipeline is -- we are always looking at things. But it has to strategically fit. So, we don't decide we're going to make two or three acquisition or five at any given year. Whatever becomes available, we will hope to get things that strategically fit us. And fit at the platforms that we've established for growth, which are instrumentation, electronics, imaging and so on. And then, from a credit perspective, we have a line of credit which we have even with the acquisitions that Dale added up, we would have sufficient from theirs to do what we need to do and if we need to expand it, we will do that.
Chris Quilty - Raymond James: Great. Thanks. And congratulation again on a good year.
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Chris.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Mr. Karl Oehlschlaeger with Banc of America. Please go ahead. Hello, Karl, your line is open.
Karl Oehlschlaeger - Banc of America:  Sorry about that. Hi, guys. I wanted to ask on I think a little bit more on the aerospace business, the piston engine business. In the first I think three quarters in 2007, looking at the [academic] data, it looks like the piston engine deliveries were down, and I wanted to see: to what extent that sort of impacted your business? And your business did fairly well, I think, on a relative basis. And kind of get a better idea as to: what trends that you are seeing with respect to the decrease in piston engine deliveries?
Robert Mehrabian: Thanks, Karl. In general, as you know, we are in the higher-end aircraft market, the newer aircraft that are gaining share in that business. So even if the overall business would go down, we expect our part of the business to remain fairly flat because companies like Cirrus are gaining market share. A little bit of setback in 2007 had to do with the bankruptcy, the Columbia bankruptcy. But that's behind us since that was bought by Cessna. And our anticipation is that they will continue with our engines since that's the engine that's qualified, certified for that aircraft. Also there is a significant amount of effort, ongoing effort which may not be as productive towards in 2008, but it will be in 2009 and beyond and that is the emergence of light sport aircraft. Interestingly, now Cessna has chosen Teledyne's engine for their light sport aircraft, which would probably enter the market in 2009 and they already have over 800 orders and we unit backlog. And so, we expect this business even if the market goes up at least to remain flat, if not too better.
Karl Oehlschlaeger - Banc of America: But you are going to start seeing some benefit and in '08 on the SkyCatcher?
Robert Mehrabian: I think that would be probably start in early '09, Jack. We are already producing some prototype engines for test and we delivered a couple. But it takes a long time to certify those aircraft. So, I would say early '09, Karl.
Karl Oehlschlaeger - Banc of America: Okay. And in terms of, you had some lower insurance cost, and I was hoping that maybe you could kind of break that down into a little bit more detail in terms of the size of your insurance cost that you booked against your margin in '07. How that changed from '06? And: how you expect that to trend in '08 based on the guidance you have given? I know, it's been really high in the past and I think you are accruing some of, I guess, the deductibles at a fairly high rate, but overtime, I think you haven't had to pay the cost and so maybe that accrual rate is coming down. Can you talk about those insurance cost and how it impacts that segment?
Robert Mehrabian: Yeah. After 2001, we had a real -- because of the threats that were underway at that time and insurance prices went way up and our premiums went up and our reserves that we were accruing went up. This year, we enjoyed some modest decrease, this year being the past year, 2007, some modest decrease in premium and some decrease in our reserves. The reserves we don't set them, they have to be set based on multiyear experience, 10 year experience, and they are set in coordination with our external auditors. So, we have a little decrease in our reserves in 2007. Going forward, in 2008 if we can maintain those, what we gained in 2007, we would be very happy. We don't at this time anticipate any significant changes, maybe a couple of $300,000 or so but not nothing that would affect our earnings in an important way. We obviously are going to work very hard to improve is in our operations, as we do have room to improve in our operations in that factory.
Karl Oehlschlaeger - Banc of America: Okay. Thank you very much.
Robert Mehrabian: Thank you, Karl.
Operator: And we have a follow up question from Mr. Michael Lewis with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Robert, if we can just circle back on Chris's question earlier where you were providing a little bit of guidance on the specific segments. Energy systems I missed that. What did you say on that, the direction?
Robert Mehrabian: I think on energy, we're going to have about -- the energy and power systems are new segments, I think somewhere in the high single digits revenue growth.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And: would margins be consistent or slightly improved? You talk about the goal of 25 basis points?
Robert Mehrabian: I think that would be slightly up, Michael. 
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. That's fair. And then Dale, if I could just ask you for some forward expectations on: what you think the share count is going to come out at the end of this year?
Dale Schnittjer: Well, we think on average it will probably be up about 0.5 million.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, up 0.5 million. And then you guys have been very good about paying down debt with free cash: what do you think a possible goal would be on net debt to cap at the end of the year? Just so, we can kind of model this through.
Dale Schnittjer: Well, we might expect that we would have free cash flow in the area of equal to net income. 
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And: do you know how much you will deploy to pay down any debt?
Dale Schnittjer: Up approximately, the $100 million.
Michael Lewis - BB&T Capital Markets: $100 million. Okay, thank you very much.
Dale Schnittjer: Thanks, Mike.
Operator: And we have no more questions in queue at this time.
Robert Mehrabian: Okay, well, thank you operator. I'll now ask Jason to conclude our conference call.
Jason VanWees: Thanks, Robert. And again thank you everyone for joining us this morning. If you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to call me. My number is on the press release and of course all the releases are available at our website, teledyne.com.  Operator, if you can conclude the call and give the replay information, we would appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this conference will be made available for replay after 11:30 am Pacific Time today, until February 25th at midnight. You may access the AT&T executive playback service at any time by dialing 1-800-475-6701 and entering the access code 892590. International participants may dial 320-365-3844. Again those numbers are 1-800-475-6701, access code 892590; international number 1-320-365-3844.  That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.
