===== 2025 Q3  (2025-05-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to this Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our third quarter results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer, and Scott Roe, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10K, the press release we issued this morning, and our other filings of the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website www.tapestry.com/investors and then view the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with highlights for Tapestry and our brands. Scott will continue with financial results, capital allocation priorities, and our outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you Christina and welcome everyone. As noted in our press release, our record third quarter results outperformed expectations, reinforcing our position of strength. Our talented global teams drove accelerated top and bottom line growth against an increasingly complex backdrop, clearly demonstrating the power of consistent brand building and our connections with consumers around the world. Touching on the highlights of the quarter. First, we powered global growth with total revenue gains of 8% at constant currency, outpacing guidance fueled by 15% growth at Coach. By geography, international revenue rose 8%, led by an increase of 35% in Europe, where our business has strong momentum and the opportunity for continued growth is significant. In addition, we delivered a sales increase of 4% in the total APAC region. In Greater China specifically, revenue growth accelerated, rising 5% as we continue to confidently invest behind our long-term growth agenda in the region and with this important consumer cohort. And in North America, revenue increased 9% compared to last year, and gross and operating margin continued to expand, reinforcing our commitment to driving a healthy business. Second, we built new and lasting relationships with consumers around the world. In North America specifically, we acquired over 1.2 million new customers in the quarter, representing strong growth versus last year. And of these new customers, two-thirds were Gen Z and Millennials. We are capturing consumers who are entering the category for the first time, which is instrumental to fueling enduring relationships, customer lifetime value, and sustainable growth. New Gen Z and Millennial consumers continue to transact at higher AUR than the balance of our customer base, and we achieved a meaningful increase in year one retention rates among Gen Z consumers at Coach, a key indicator that these relationships are sticky. Third, we delivered compelling omnichannel experiences, delighting consumers across all touch points with our brands. To this end, we maintain strength in digital, which grew at a mid-teens rate versus prior year and represented approximately 30% of revenue at accretive margins. Our global brick and mortar sales rose at a mid-single digit rate in the quarter at strong and increasing profitability. Overall, our direct to consumer operating model is a clear differentiator and competitive advantage, driving real-time consumer understanding and agility. Fourth, we fueled fashion innovation and product excellence as we continue to deliver creativity, quality, and compelling value to consumers around the world. This is on display at Coach, where we delivered strong and broad-based growth, highlighting the vibrancy of the brand and product offering. Our commitment to disciplined brand building is also reflected in our strong gross margin, which continued to expand in the quarter. Importantly, our globally scaled and diverse supply chain is a key competitive advantage, enabling us to deliver craftsmanship to consumers while navigating the shifting backdrop, which Scott will discuss in more detail shortly. Overall, we generated record third quarter earnings per share, which exceeded our expectations and increased 27% compared to the prior year. This outperformance positioned us to increase our outlook for the fiscal year. We're on track to deliver fiscal year 2025 earnings in the area of $5 per share, consistent with the outlook we provided nearly 3 years ago at our Investor Day, despite the rapidly changing global landscape. This is a testament to the power of our strategies, the agility of our operating model, and the resilience and focus of our teams. These advantages are driving our success today, and I'm confident they will continue to underpin our growth long term. Now moving to our results and strategies by brand. Coach delivered another standout performance with accelerated growth in the third quarter, driving 15% top line gains as the brand's expressive luxury position continues to resonate with consumers. We believe that the momentum we have unlocked is enduring and that Coach’s success is compounding. We continue to build on our strong brand and cultural relevance driven by product innovation and the creativity of our talented global teams, who are operating with excellence, focus, and intention. The Coach vision is clear to be the world's most inclusive, genuine, and loved fashion brand, and it is this vision that guides our strategies and fosters a brand purpose that cuts through with consumers. And our success is evident in our results. We are driving meaningful new Gen Z customer acquisition through our outstanding product offerings, authentic brand values, and deep understanding of our target consumer. We are winning in our core leather goods category, where we're outpacing the industry, and we're doing this on a global scale with strong top line momentum and exceptional margins, which increased nearly 100 basis points versus prior year. Now, touching on the highlights of the third quarter in more detail. First, we drove double-digit gains in leather goods where we have multiple platforms for growth. The iconic Tabby family once again led over-indexing with new and younger consumers, building strength on strength. The Tabby shoulder bag 26 continued to anchor the offering while the new Chain Tabby was a global success. Additionally, our New York family significantly outpaced expectations, cementing itself as a new growth driver for the brand, with styles ranging from the viral Brooklyn Shoulder bag 28 at $295 to the Soft Empire Carryall 40 at $695. Further, we grew our archival inspired Coach Originals collection with the introduction of the large Kiss Lock Bag at $695, which sold out within minutes of launching online and within a day at stores. And finally, our Bag Charms and Straps added to our success, providing consumers with further opportunities for self-expression with the Cherry Bag Charm remaining a Gen Z favorite. Overall, Coach's growth in handbags and accessories continue to outpace the industry, a testament to the brand's heat, innovation pipeline, and the compelling value and craftsmanship we offer in the luxury market. With these advantages, we drove mid-teens handbag AUR growth led by North America. Looking ahead, we are confident in the potential for further sustainable AUR increases. Next, we remain focused on fueling footwear, which drives lifetime value with our target Gen Z consumer. In the quarter, footwear grew mid-single digits, bringing new and younger consumers to the brand. Growth in the category was led by the successful launch of the Soho sneaker and the continued momentum of the Highline sneaker. Building on our one Coach learning agenda, both sneakers are offered at consistent price points between retail and outlet channels, enabling us to amplify our innovation and big ideas with consumers. Turning to Marketing. We continue to drive cultural relevance through emotional storytelling that highlights our brand purpose and product offering. During the quarter, Coach launched On Your Own Time, a campaign introducing Coach's spring 2025 collection and starring global ambassadors Elle Fanning, Nazha, Koki, and Youngji Lee. This campaign was inspired by our ongoing discussions with Gen Z consumers across the world and shares a powerful message about having the courage to set the pace of your own life. This campaign is continuing to deliver strong uplifts and consideration and purchase intent across markets. And as we deepen our learnings with each campaign, we are strengthening both our bold storytelling and our media execution. This strategy is driving the acceleration of sustainable customer acquisition and brand growth, and it's working globally at scale. In addition, we also cultivated enthusiasm for the brand through unique and immersive retail experiences. Our Coach Play concept stores continue to outperform with higher Gen Z traffic, longer dwell times, and higher return frequency. We're taking these learnings to bring the highest impact elements of this concept to our store fleet more broadly. Overall, our holistic brand building activities help to drive increases in new customer acquisition as we welcomed nearly 900,000 new customers to Coach in North America, of which nearly 70% were Gen Z and Millennials. And at the same time, our retention rate with the Gen Z cohort also meaningfully increased, reinforcing that we're building lasting relationships with our consumers in support of durable growth. In closing, Coach is strong in delivering differentiated results by fostering emotional connections and delivering exceptional value to consumers. Powered by Tapestry's growth engine, we will continue to invest in brand building and innovation to drive long-term sustainable growth, bringing this iconic brand to new generations of consumers. Now, moving to Kate Spade. In the third quarter, revenue was pressured, declining 12% at constant currency, while profit met our expectations driven by continued gross margin expansion. As we've shared, our work to reset the brand is underway, and we're making decisions today to drive sustainable growth long term. We know this work will take time, particularly in the context of a more uncertain backdrop. However, the actions we need to take are clear, and we are executing with focus and urgency. Our strategies are informed by Tapestry's growth model with a focus on building brand heat, relevant product innovation, and compelling experiences. As we build a healthier brand, we will be closely tracking leading indicators of progress along the way, informed by our learnings and success at Coach. These include first, increasing unaided brand awareness and search interest followed by an improvement in traffic and customer acquisition, which will ultimately compound to drive top line growth. Now turning to the strategic details. First, we're committed to fueling brand heat and relevancy through cohesive storytelling and incremental investments in brand media. In April, we launched our spring campaign which featured Ice Spice and Charli D'Amelio, 2 very influential and relevant Gen Z celebrities. This is a further step toward a more effective spike and sustained marketing strategy that will enable us to reestablish Kate Spade as a top of mind brand for our target audience. Next, we continue to prioritize strengthening and elevating our handbag offering, bringing more innovation, focus, and relevancy to our assortment. We are advancing our work to build blockbuster handbag families. During the quarter, we continued to amplify the Deco collection and retail and the Kayla and Kip in outlet, which over-indexed with new younger consumers at strong AUR and margins, and we see further opportunity for these families going forward. And as we bring more innovation to the assortment, we're also working to streamline our offering by reducing handbag styles by over 15% by fall and continue to clear de-selection barriers through improved styling, ensuring our big ideas cut through with consumers. Overall, we're focused on creating distinctive product that is consumer informed, grounded in Kate Spade's unique brand DNA, and modern and relevant today. Next, we're working to maximize omnichannel cohesiveness with a compelling consistent brand message across all consumer touch points. As part of our efforts to improve the customer experience and fuel brand health, we are committed to reducing promotional activity and delivering continued gross margin expansion. As previously shared, reducing the level of promotional activity is a key building block to scale in a healthy way globally over the long term, as we build for the future and connect with consumers on our brand values beyond simply price. In closing, we are advancing our efforts to reinvigorate Kate Spade. The brand has a legacy of creativity, joy, wit, and warmth, and we will build on this unique heritage while modernizing its expression, guided by a sharpened focus on our consumer. The steps to do this will take time, but we are confident in the potential and path forward. Importantly, the strength of our platform provides us with the experience, discipline, and brand building capabilities to execute these strategies while delivering enhanced results overall. Our focus is clear, and we are committed to unlocking the untapped growth and value creation opportunities for this iconic brand. Now, turning briefly to Stuart Weitzman. As previously announced, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the brand to Caleres, and we continue to expect the transaction to close this summer, subject to customary closing conditions. As diligent stewards of our portfolio and disciplined allocators of capital, this ensures that all our brands are positioned for long-term success and that we maintain a sharp focus on our largest value creation opportunities. At the same time, we are pleased that we found Stuart Weitzman a home in Caleres, an ideal owner to guide its next chapter of growth. In closing, Tapestry delivered another standout quarter with accelerated sales and earnings growth that positioned us to increase our outlook for the year. I want to thank our extraordinary teams for driving these strong and differentiated results. Moving forward, the external backdrop has become increasingly complex. That said, in the face of uncertainty, our purpose is unwavering to stretch what's possible for our brands and business. To do this, we will harness our proven competitive and structural advantages that have allowed us to adapt and win in any environment, namely our global scale and an attractive industry. The compelling value we offer to consumers and the strong fundamentals of our business. I'm confident in our future and the meaningful opportunity to deliver durable growth and shareholder value. I'll now turn it over to Scott.
Scott Roe: Thanks Joanne and good morning everyone. Our third quarter results exceeded our outlook, building on our track record of consistent execution as we unlocked accelerated growth. We delivered record third quarter revenue and earnings per share while generating over $1 billion in adjusted free cash flow year to date. Now, moving to the details of the quarter, beginning with revenue trends on a constant currency basis. Sales increased 8% to the prior year and outperformed our expectations. These results reflect gains in North America and internationally. By region, North American sales increased 9% compared to the prior year led by strong double-digit growth at Coach. Both gross and operating margin rose versus last year as we supported long-term brand health. In Europe, revenue grew 35% above last year, with growth across all channels driven by increased local consumer spend and strong new customer acquisition, notably with Gen Z. In Greater China, growth continued with revenue rising 5%. Our sequential acceleration was driven by both digital and stores with each channel delivering growth. Our differentiated results in China clearly demonstrate that our strategic initiatives and investments in the region are yielding returns with our brands and business positioned for long-term sustainable growth. And in other Asia, revenue rose 14%, led by growth in Australia, South Korea, and Thailand, while Japan's sales declined 2%. Now, touching on revenue by channel for the quarter. Our direct to consumer business grew 9% compared to the prior year at constant currency, which included a mid-teens percentage increase in digital revenue and a mid-single digit increase in global brick and mortar sales. And wholesale revenue grew in the quarter in keeping with our expectations and strategy to find targeted opportunities to expand our brand's reach with consumers. Moving down the P&L, we delivered a gross margin of 76.1%, representing our highest quarterly gross margin in over 15 years. This was ahead of plan and 140 basis points above prior year driven by operational outperformance. Our strong gross margin performance is a core element of our value creation model, providing us with flexibility and fuel to drive long-term growth. Turning to SG&A, expenses rose 7% and were even with prior year on a rate basis. This included increased brand building investments and higher compensation costs offset by leverage on fixed costs. As compared to expectations, there was a benefit of approximately $20 million or $0.05 primarily related to marketing timing with the fourth quarter. Taken together, operating margin increased 140 basis points in the quarter, driving profit expansion ahead of expectations and 16% over the prior year. And our record third quarter EPS of $1.03 grew 27% over prior year and exceeded our guidance. Now, turning to our shareholder return programs. As previously announced, in November, we executed a $2 billion accelerated share repurchase program, which remained underway during the fiscal third quarter. In addition to the ASR program, we had $800 million remaining under our previous share repurchase authorization. Together with our dividend, which is expected at $1.40 per share for the year, we're positioned to return over $2 billion or more than 100% of adjusted free cash flow to shareholders in fiscal 2025, a testament to our strong organic business and robust cash flow generation. And now before turning to the details of the balance sheet and cash flows, I'd like to reiterate our capital allocation priorities, which are unchanged. We have 2 foundational commitments. First, to invest in our brands and business to support long-term sustainable growth, and second, to return capital to shareholders via our dividend, with the goal over-time to increase the dividend at least in line with earnings to achieve our stated target payout ratio of 35% to 40%. Beyond these 2 foundational commitments, our robust cash flow generation provides us with balance sheet flexibility for value creation. This includes the opportunity for share repurchase activity, which is on display this year. And finally, utilizing our rigorous forward lens framework, we consistently evaluate opportunities for strategic portfolio management. Importantly, and as previously communicated, before moving forward with any acquisitions, we will ensure Coach remains strong and Kate Spade has returned to sustainable top line growth. These clear capital allocation priorities are underpinned by our firm commitment to a solid investment grade rating and maintaining our long-term gross leverage target of below 2.5 times. Now, turning to the details of our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter with $1.1 billion in cash and investments, and total borrowings of $2.7 billion representing net debt of $1.6 billion. At quarter end, our gross debt to adjusted EBITDA was 1.6 times. In addition, after our quarter end, we repaid our April 2025 bonds at maturity, totaling $303 million. Adjusted free cash flow for the third quarter was an inflow of $135 million and CapEx and implementation costs related to cloud computing were $36 million. Inventory levels at quarter end were 6% above prior year excluding $87 million of Stuart Weitzman inventory reflected in assets held for sale on our balance sheet. Our inventory continues to be current and well positioned globally and by brand in support of our growth ambition. Now moving to our guidance for fiscal 2025, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. We are raising our fiscal 2025 revenue, earnings and cash flow outlook. We continue to view this outlook as prudent and achievable, and we remain clear-eyed about the realities of the external environment, balanced with the opportunities we see for our business. For the fiscal year, we now expect revenue of approximately $6.95 billion representing growth of 4% versus prior year on a reported basis, including an expected currency headwind of nearly 50 basis points. Touching on sales details by region at constant currency. In North America, we now expect revenue to increase 3% to 4%. In addition, we still expect growth in Europe in the area of 30% where we are under-penetrated and have strong traction. In Greater China, we remain on track to achieve low single-digit growth over the prior year. And in other Asia, we continue to anticipate high single digit gains while in Japan we're now forecasting a mid single-digit decline. In addition, our outlook assumes operating margin expansion of approximately 100 basis points versus prior year. We anticipate gross margin expansion to drive this increase due to improvements in both AUR and AUC. Both freight and FX are still expected to have a negligible impact on gross margin changes for the full year. On SG&A, we expect expenses to increase above the pace of revenue growth driven by increased marketing expense. While we remain diligent with respect to overall expense control, we continue to make deliberate growth focused investments in our strategic priorities. Moving to below the line expectations for the year, net interest expense is now expected to be approximately $25 million. The tax rate is now expected to be approximately 17.5%, and our weighted average diluted share count for the year is forecasted to be approximately 223 million shares. So taken together, we're raising our EPS guidance to be in the area of $5 representing high-teens growth compared to last year and ahead of our prior guide of $4.85 to $4.90. This guidance fully embeds all trade policies as of April 10th. Incremental tariffs are expected to have an immaterial impact on fiscal 2025 results based on the timing of our fiscal year end. Moving on, we now anticipate adjusted free cash flow of approximately $1.3 billion and finally, we expect CapEx and cloud computing costs to be in the area of $160 million. We anticipate about half of the spend to be related to store openings, renovations, and relocations with the balance primarily related to ongoing digital and IT investments. Touching on the shaping of the fourth quarter. To start, given the dynamic nature of the rapidly shifting market, it's important to note that our revenue trends quarter to date are in line with our Q3 results. However, while we've seen no slowdown in our business to date, we're taking a more conservative approach to the quarter to go outlook. For the quarter, we are estimating revenue to grow at a mid single-digit rate on both a reported and constant currency basis. Further, we're forecasting operating margin to be in the area of prior year, which incorporates the expectation for continued gross margin gains offset by higher SG&A costs, including the previously mentioned marketing expense timing shift from the third quarter. So taken together, we're modeling Q4 EPS to be over $0.95. Before closing, I want to provide some additional context on our business in light of tariffs and the shifting global trade landscape. First, as it relates to our supply chain, our products are primarily manufactured in Vietnam, Cambodia, and the Philippines. These countries taken together represent 70% of our production, including Vietnam, which accounts for one-third of our total production. Conversely, we have very limited manufacturing exposure to China with less than 10% of our production in the region across all categories. This primarily includes manufacturing for jewelry and ready to wear with negligible exposure in our core leather goods category. As a point of reference, over the past 12 months, roughly $900 million of our cost of goods sold was related to product imported into the U.S. Touching on our tariff mitigation strategies, we're taking thoughtful actions to protect the compelling value, quality, and innovation we offer to consumers. To share some color, we pulled forward inventory receipts ahead of the incremental tariffs going into effect in April. In addition, we're leveraging our agile supply chain to optimize our global manufacturing footprint, minimizing our tariff exposure where possible. We have scale and long-standing relationships with our service providers, and we're actively working together to unlock efficiencies. And most importantly, I want to thank our supply chain organization. Their deep global trade expertise, operational excellence, and culture of continuous improvement allowed us to take swift action in the face of this uncertainty. Overall, while we are not immune to external factors, we're in a position of strength with structural advantages. Our fundamentals are strong, and our business has momentum with compounding growth fueled by innovation, customer acquisition, and AUR gains. In closing, we delivered another record breaking quarter highlighted by accelerated top and bottom line growth, and we raised our outlook for fiscal 2025 and are on track to achieve EPS in the area of $5 while returning over $3 billion to shareholders over the last 3 years, consistent with the target we outlined in our September 2022, Investor Day. Moving forward as we face an increasingly complex environment, we remain confident in our brands, our people, and our strategy with a differentiated and highly cash generative business model that has proven agile, resilient, and adaptive to change. We'll continue to focus on the factors within our control, operating with a commitment to discipline and consistency to deliver long-term growth and shareholder value. I'd now like to open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, good morning everyone. Really, really strong quarter. Good to see it. I guess this very high level maybe for Joanne, what's driving it? I mean, especially at the Coach brand, I just don't think you guys have put up numbers like this in 20 years. What's driving it? And how are you thinking about the business in the future in a more dynamic environment? Can the brand sustain this kind of heat? Just kind of curious your thoughts?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, good morning Ike, and thanks. We did deliver a standout quarter, and I think one that illustrates the power of our business model and the unique strengths and structural advantages that we have to navigate in really any environment. To your point, in the quarter, we delivered accelerated top and bottom line growth that exceeded our expectations, and we did this at increasing margins, and that enabled us to raise our outlook for the year. And there are really 4 key structural advantages that we think about as we think about navigating a dynamic environment and those are also the things that helped contribute to our success to date and I would say the first is that we're building strong emotional connections with consumers and we play in a category in handbags that have proven to be durable over time because of the emotional connection that consumers have with our category. I think second is our high margins and strong cash flow and our direct to consumer model. These fundamentals insulate us from some tariff exposure, but also allow us to read demand signals sooner and allows us to react sooner and that brings in our diversified and agile supply chain. You know, this supply chain was built over decades and it's proven we've navigated disruptions in the past both on the supply side and on the demand side. And I think underpinning it all is the value that we're delivering in the global market. We are delivering incredible, exceptional innovation I can say at compelling value, and customers are responding, which helped us deliver the results from the quarter, the beat and raise for the year. And I do think it's notable that we're on track to deliver $5 in earnings per share. That's consistent with the targets that we set at our Investor Day in 2022. Our teams have done an excellent job navigating through volatility and delivering on the commitment we made 3 years ago, and that gives us confidence that we're in a position of strength, and it shows our ability to adapt and win in all environments.
Ike Boruchow: Great, congrats.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks Ike.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. It was encouraging to hear that the 2025 outlook would have an immaterial impact from tariffs. If the environment stays where it is today, can you provide some guard rails around what 2026 impacts might look like?
Scott Roe: Yeah, Lorraine, I'll take that. This is Scott. So first of all, I think you can appreciate our longstanding and consistent practice. We'll give you guidance on next year at the end of our next fiscal, which will be our fourth quarter. But there are some things I can say that might help you a little bit. First of all, remember we've taken a number of actions already to mitigate impacts of tariffs. I mentioned that in my prepared remarks, but some of those are we brought some inventory in ahead of times before effective dates. We're looking at optimizing across our diverse supply chain with a very agile team that's informed by the insights of, I would say a crackerjack trade expertise that's allowing us to optimize across that diverse supply chain. And lastly, we're working with our suppliers. We have scale and we have long-standing relationships, strategic relationships with very important suppliers, and we're working collaboratively to find opportunities to mitigate the cost of any potential tariffs. But there are a few things we won't do. We'll never sacrifice innovation or quality as we think about trying to find those mitigating actions. And I also mentioned in the prepared remarks and in some of the documents that we gave you, just some ways to dimensionalize potential exposures to tariffs. So, about $900 million of cost of goods sold is related to imports into the U.S. market. So obviously, if you do simple math, a 10% incremental tariff across the board would be $90 million. Now that's unmitigated, right? That's before any of those actions that I talked about. And we've made substantial inroads already at finding mitigations against those -- any potential exposure that we might see. So, everything I've said here is related to the cost side. And if you think about gross margins, remember, independent of costs, we also have a long-standing history of AUR gains, right? So you think about mitigating the cost side, coupled with our brand building, consumer engagement and our ability to raise AURs over time, because we're delivering a more compelling value, that gives us confidence in our ability to maintain margins. Maybe, Todd, little more on the AUR side of that equation.
Todd Kahn: Sure, Scott. Thank you. Again, one thing we don't do, we're not just looking at cost to deal with AURs, we have compelling reasons to increase AURs. And just for grounding everyone, in the last 5 years, we've been able to raise our global AURs at Coach in 18 of those quarters. That should give you a lot of confidence in what's happening at Coach. And I will say with real conviction the brand heat today is at its best in the last 5 years. We have real momentum at Coach. And you see it in a number of ways. We talk about brand heat, which is really desirability. We talk about innovation. And I'll give you 2 quick examples. In this last quarter, we had a really fantastic product in both retail and in outlet. And in outlet, we launched a collection called Powder Pink. We had lines outside our door. This is not during a Black Friday or a holiday period. This is just for a collection that we launched, and it was millions of dollars of result in literally 10 days. Similarly, with our launch at retail of our Crystal Sync collection, just compelling product. And what gives me so much future confidence is we know these results and based on the data that we see, our innovation pipeline will continue to get better and better. So, I feel very good about not only the brand heat, the innovation, the quality, but absolute value that we're offering our clients. Again, you've heard me talk about this before, but in a world where 20 years ago Coach would play and European luxury, traditional European luxury was 2x our price points. Today, they're 10x. That just gives me more and more confidence globally that our value proposition cuts through across the world. And you see that in markets like Europe and Asia, and of course, the 20% we delivered in North America.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks and congrats on a really nice quarter. Maybe 2 parts. Joanne, if you could elaborate on the new customer acquisition that you cited. It seems like it's really driving the inflection in North America and just some of the retention metrics that you're seeing and initiatives around that. And then Todd, I wanted to circle back, maybe just forward-looking, how you see the merchandising assortment position today to take continued market share? And maybe if you could just assess the product and the relative value at Coach, maybe relative to luxury or just what you're seeing. Is it trade in? Trade down? Maybe just elaborate on the market share acceleration that you're seeing.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Sure, Matt. I'll kick it off, and I'm glad you called out new customer acquisition. This is a metric and KPI that we've been focused on from the beginning of our transformation. And I used to say new customer acquisitions is like oxygen for brands. But we've been quite intentional about going after new customer acquisition and importantly acquiring a new and younger consumer to our brands for a couple of reasons. One, it was clear that by 2030, most of the consumption in our category was going to be Gen Z and Millennials. So, we knew we had to appeal to a younger generation of consumers with all of our brands. So, we began to become more intentional about it. And we really put the consumer at the center of everything we do, and we call out new customer acquisition every quarter intentionally. And that's what everybody in our company is really focused on, how do we engage more consumers and engage them with deeper emotional connections to our brands. So that we're not just selling a bag at a price, we're connecting these consumers to our brands on an emotional level. And that's what proves to be durable over time. And the exciting thing about acquiring a young consumer is that the lifetime value opportunity is long. And we -- so we see that. But we also see young consumers influencing all age groups. So, we haven't forgotten about our entire customer mix. We love all of our customers. And when we talk about our growth, we're seeing growth across age groups, across income demographics, but our focus on acquiring a new and younger consumer is breathing a lot of life into our brands, a lot of relevance into the way our brands show up in the world. And again, because these young consumers are so connected, digitally connected across the world, honestly, they're driving choice for all generations and influencing all generations. So, that's helping us drive our brand heat. And you mentioned retention rates, we're actually beginning now, and we called it out this quarter to see these young consumers coming back with higher frequency. So the year 1 retention rate of Gen Z at Coach is going up, it's higher. And that is a great sign for us as we talk about this lifetime value and the durability of this business over time. It's a great leading indicator of what's to come for Coach. So, we have a lot of confidence in the future. And I'll pass it to Todd talking about the positioning of Coach.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. Just one thing on the customer. In addition to capturing these 900,000 new customers, 70%, as we noted, were Gen Z and Millennial. I believe we're bringing new customers into the category. And I think that's incredibly important. We are very focused on point of entry, because as Joanne mentioned, if you get them at point of entry, their lifetime value really increases. Now, in terms of people coming into the market that you mentioned -- I'm sorry?
Joanne Crevoiserat: The products.
Todd Kahn: Yes, yes, the products, sorry, our merchandising position, it's interesting. I think anybody who buys a Coach bag is buying up regardless of where they came from, because the absolute value is there. So, we're clearly taking market share across the spectrum. When the category is growing at globally 1%, let's say, and we put up -- sorry, when the category is growing in North America at about 1% and down globally, when we put up these kind of numbers, we're clearly taking market share. And I think it's coming across the board. And I'll give you one proof point that gives me a lot of confidence. We've talked about the list index, which talks about the hottest brands globally. In the holiday quarter, we moved from 15 to 5 on the list index. In the last quarter, the first calendar quarter of this year, we moved to 4. I'm not going to do an editorial for who those other brands are, but we are really one of the only American, North American-based luxury brand. That tells you a lot about the consumer behavior, because the list index not only measures sales, it measures search, it measures intent to buy and relevance, and I feel very good. And one of the things we've done the last 5 years and you've seen us do is we're focused on these big families, these big ideas, whether it's [indiscernible], whether it's Tabby, whether it's the New York family. And what that allows us to do is to keep bringing innovation in a consistent way. So, the merchandising strategy becomes very clear and very compelling for our customers. And again, I emphasized that in the first question we had, but the compelling value globally is really resonating. I said often I don't like the idea of somebody having to say 3 or 4-month salary to buy a handbag, okay, that has never been Coach's DNA. We want to make people feel confident. We want them to feel good about their purchase and buy something of true value that represents value. And I think that gives us a lot of confidence in the future.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Binetti of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Michael Binetti: Congrats on a great quarter. Just a couple from me. On the gross margin, nice to see the beat in the quarter. As I think about the contribution, Kate Spade coming in a little above the 100 basis points for the company that you guided to, Coach a little below. Is that how you planned it? Or were there any new dynamics that enhance the Coach brand to think about? And can you talk a little bit about the Coach brand gross margin outlook from here? What's embedded in 4Q? I know Scott, you said it was operational improvements, but what's embedded in 4Q and then just the puts and takes after fiscal 2025, excluding the tariffs? I know we still have a lot to learn there. And then I guess on AURs. I know Todd gave us some thoughts through the product lines. It's very obvious, and we've all learned the lesson I'm not questioning you guys on the AUR growth here. But can you -- Scott, could you break down those drivers of the acceleration a little bit from the finance side? And I know you said there's further opportunities for expansion, but just a few thoughts on how you start to lap these 2 mid-teens AUR quarters in a row now as we think about our models after the call today, since it's taken such a nice step up in the last couple of quarters?
Scott Roe: Yes. Boy, there was a lot there Michael. I can always count on you when I hear your name [indiscernible] I know you're coming my way. So first of all, I'm not sure exactly what you were saying on the gross margin. But listen, one of the reasons for our beat versus guidance is gross margin strength, and it's all driven by operational. And a lot of that is AUR, but also AUC. Again, I would say AUC is underappreciated part of our story. So, we've been consistent in finding opportunities to find efficiency, never at the expense of quality or innovation, but we're finding AUC opportunities. But a lot of the strength is in AUR, and it's all the things that Todd just said. So, there's no magic in there. There's no big mix. There's no other extraneous things. It's solid fundamentals here. Four yards and a cloud of dust. We're continuing on AUR. And so where is it coming from? It's coming from both merchandising. It's less about like-for-like price, right? I mean there is some of that, of course, and we don't think cost plus. I hope that came through and what Todd said, right? We're looking at value and innovation. So, as we merchandise new products and new drops and new colors, and continue to refresh and update and innovate around our iconic products, we're always finding opportunities to test whether that value and innovation is working with the consumer and make sure that we have the right price value relationship. And so far, because of the brand heat and all the things that are being delivered, particularly in the Coach brand, we're seeing that there's been zero resistance from a price standpoint and we're generally using our data and analytics to find the right -- to find that right balance and make sure we don't get too greedy and also that we just have the right relationships. So, that's one of the reasons we have confidence, right? The combination of brand heat, understanding the consumer receptivity to that price value relationship and being very sensitive to that. And we think we've got that dialed in pretty good, and that gives us confidence in the future. So, I don't know if I'm answering your question. As it relates to Kate, I think Kate is a really nice story of the machine, right, in the sense of supply chain, finance, working with the brand teams to even in what we would say has been a tough backdrop from a demand and top line standpoint. We're focused on quality. This is something you've heard us say along for quite a while, not chasing the last dollar. Some of the actions we're taking honestly do even have some top line impact. But we're continuing underneath that to manage inventory well and continue to grow our gross margin. So, we look at that as an indicator or a green shoot for the future, and that's an important metric that we keep an eye on.
Todd Kahn: Sorry, I just want to jump in, just to clarify the Coach gross margin comment you made, because my team will never forgive me if I don't. We achieved 79% gross margin this last quarter, probably the -- I believe the highest gross margin in Coach's history for the third quarter. So, we feel very good about this neighborhood that we're in, and we'll continue to be in this neighborhood.
Michael Binetti: Great job, okay. Thanks a lot guys for all the detail.
Todd Kahn: Thanks Michael.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Brooke Roach of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brooke Roach: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. How are unit volumes trending at the Coach brand, both in North America and internationally? Given the strong growth in AUR that you've seen, what do you think is the right medium to long-term balance between AUR and unit growth?
Todd Kahn: I guess I'll take that. We're bringing new clients to our business. And over time, you'll continue to see us grow units. But this AUR that we've had, we've grown so materially since I’ll take a starting point of 2019. We're behind 2019. But in 2019, our AUR was about 70% lower than it is today in North America. So, each of these interactions, as I always say, one client, one customer that we interact with. I am very pleased that we are selling less product on promotion. That's just a general truism that creates sustainable brand growth. And because of that and because of these new customers, we're going to see a -- not only AUR continue to grow, but we will start seeing units to grow as well. But again, the brand positioning is one of strength. And the fact that we are not just pumping units into the market to create sales volume gives me sustainable long-term growth.
Brooke Roach: Great, thanks so much.
Todd Kahn: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Rick Patel of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Rick Patel: Thank you and congrats on the strong execution. Can you unpack your performance and strategy across Coach full price and outlet just given the evolving macro? How do you maintain the momentum you have while remaining nimble given consumer preferences could be subject to change in the coming months?
Todd Kahn: Thanks for the question. It's very interesting. We've been talking a lot about our performance across the fleet. And we've talked to you a little bit about our One Coach strategy where we're putting more and more what was historically full-priced product in traditional outlets at full price, and it's resonating with the consumer. As we've seen over and over again, we want to be consumer-centric, not channel centric. And what that means is when somebody comes into a Sawgrass Mall outside of Fort Lauderdale [indiscernible], that might be the only mall they go to. It might be their best mall in the area. It might be the mall that they're visiting as a tourist. They come in knowing they want the Tabby bag. And so we're giving them that opportunity at full price across the channel. And we're extending that One Coach concept into other categories like footwear. Footwear has been something that we're very, very focused on, but not just chasing any trends in footwear. We're very focused on sneaker business. And this last quarter, we launched our Soho sneaker at $145 across all channels at one price point. It's resonating really strongly, particularly with that young consumer we're going after. So, you're going to see us blur the lines more and more across channels, because the value proposition is there. It's there. It's compelling. It's recognized by the consumer. So, I think you'll hear us talk continue to build on the momentum of this One Coach idea, and blurring the channels, again, putting that consumer at the heart of everything we do.
Rick Patel: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Dana Telsey of Telsey Group.
Dana Telsey: Congratulations on the nice progress. With the uptick in acceleration in digital and store sales that you saw this quarter, -- the marketing obviously is very effective, how do you think about marketing by channel and what you're looking at? And as you look even towards next year a little bit, remodels of stores, opening new stores, what do you see as the balance of where you're looking to show up given the competitive moat that you're building around the Coach brand?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, maybe I'll kick it off and then toss it to Todd to give you some details on Coach specifically. But I appreciate you noting that we grew in our direct channels, we think our direct business is in a competitive advantage, Dana. And we do -- we are able, through our direct business, to meet consumers wherever they are. And that includes having the strong digital capabilities as well as really compelling in-store experiences. So, we grew in both channels this quarter, strong growth in digital and growth in stores and at increasing profitability across channels. So, we think that's a competitive advantage for us and we care about the experiences that we deliver to consumers in each of those channels, making sure that those channels are fit for purpose in terms of what -- how the customer interacts with our associates, their discovery, their brand discovery, the inspiration we provide. So, we spend a lot of time on that. And you asked about our media investments. And I would say marketing overall, we talk a lot about the fact that we've increased our marketing and brand-building investments over time. I think I went back to pre-pandemic levels, we were at 3% to 4% of our sales at one time, and we're approaching 10% of our sales now invested in marketing and brand building. And as we've built the capabilities, the brand-building capabilities and the experience and expertise to drive these investments into places that are driving high returns, we are very intentional about those media investments, and where we show up with what content and based on where the customer is in their journey. And that's not something will ever be done with. This is a process of continuing to improve our execution behind our media strategies and investments. What I can say, what is on display is the compounding effect of these strategies, and you can see that at Coach, as we continue to hone those capabilities, we're seeing the compounding effect of the brand building and the brand heat we're driving at Coach. In addition to all the other things that need to come together to deliver a great customer experience, including the creativity and product and the store experience and the digital experiences. And we're investing in store experiences as well, and maybe I'll pass it to Todd, and he can share a little bit about the -- some of the excitement that's happening there.
Todd Kahn: Thanks, Joanne. And one thing about the marketing, as Joanne noted, historically, Coach spends about 3%. Today, we're -- as Joanne said, we're spending 10%. But I will say over the last couple of years, we've refined our thinking. We've gotten so much better at this. We are really spending across the funnel, and we're elongating our stories to have deeper, richer stories, because to cut through. One of the things we talk a lot about is you have to create sustainability and constant messaging. So years ago, we would have new messaging every month. Today, we fundamentally do 2 campaigns annually and drive that -- over and over again. So, we talk about spike and sustain, it's something we're doing very well. In terms of the physical locations, it's very interesting. Gen Z particularly -- and maybe it's because so many of their formative years were in COVID restrictions, they love being in stores. They love experiential retail. So, you've seen us roll out some new concepts like Coach Play. You've seen us lean into food and beverage with Coach coffee shops that we started in Asia, and now we're bringing to the U.S. And you're going to see us again continue to evolve our store design to speak in an authentic way, in an approachable way to this younger consumer, but also in a luxury way. We believe in this concept of Expressive Luxury. Expressive Luxury doesn't lose sight of the luxury component of what we do, because our product -- we have fashion shows, our creative director is always thinking about new ideas, new concepts. We're not following trends, we're creating trends. So, we feel very good about where Coach is and what we'll do in the future.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Altschwager of Baird. Your line is open.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning, thank you for taking my question. First with Coach, I was hoping to get a little bit better sense of some of the regional drivers. Is it the same product that's hitting at the same time across the globe here? And then China, obviously nice momentum currently. Just how are you navigating the risk of consumers potentially souring on U.S. brands?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Maybe I'll pick up the last part of your question and start with China, and then I'll toss it to Todd for the regional -- the broader regions for Coach. But to your point, our business accelerated in Greater China in the third quarter, growing mid-single digits. We're seeing that broad-based growth, right? Growth in digital and in stores, across city tiers, and we are driving Gen Z acquisition. And I will say that's in a market, to your point, that has been in our category, pressured. Some of the numbers we see is that the market was down double digits in our category, but yet we're growing. And we're doing that because we're acquiring a new and younger consumer, and we're delivering incredible value and innovation to that consumer. And it is a discerning consumer in China, and we're seeing momentum building there. So, we continue to see China as an important region. We're confident in the long-term opportunity, and we're staying close -- importantly, staying close to consumers so that we can read and deliver what they want, what they need. And we're not seeing any signs, in our business or in our global consumer work, of pressure on anti-American sentiment. Again, we're seeing strong engagement from consumers continued new customer acquisition and we're delivering growth in China. And in China, we expect to deliver low single-digit growth for the year with continued acceleration in the fourth quarter. So, our business is on track in China. We have great teams on the ground building the business. We were just there a few weeks ago talking to the teams in the region and we feel good about the opportunities ahead. And now, I'll toss it to Todd to talk about maybe more color on China, but also what's happening in the other regions.
Todd Kahn: Yes. Thank you, Joanne. One of, I think, the reasons we're winning is we redid our strategy on regionalization. A great bag is a great bag everywhere. And Tabby and Empire and Teri, these are winning with our target consumer because of, first, the fact that we're going after -- and we have clarity, we have a news, our creative, our marketing people are always going after the customer. And the value has been well translated across all regions. One data point that gives us confidence, Gen Z are the most homogeneous generation ever to come about. Because what they're seeing, when we put Bella Hadid and put a bag on her that looks compelling, it's compelling in Shanghai, it's compelling in Paris, it's compelling in New York and it's desirable. And what that allows us to do is take our marketing dollars instead of constantly trying to regionalize stories and spread it so thinly, we're able to concentrate. And it's a little bit of a merchandising balance, to believe that every business unit needs a 30% tail of product. So one of the things we did 5 years ago, we started to cut the tail of that special product that gives us -- that creates that beautiful Coachonomics flywheel of more gross margin, less markdown, more focused on liked product that allows us to lean in on what's winning globally. So, we feel very good about this strategy, and it is working. And it allows us to capture new customers globally.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A. I will now turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat for some concluding remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, I want to close by first thanking our exceptional global teams for not only delivering a standout third quarter, but for the strong results they've consistently delivered over the last 5 years. As you heard, we accelerated top and bottom line growth in the third quarter and raised our outlook for the year, showcasing the strength and resiliency of our brand and our business. And while the environment is uncertain, we are well prepared and well positioned. We have momentum, strong margins and cash flow, a flexible direct-to-consumer model and agile supply chain and we offer compelling value at global scale. These advantages are underpinning our success today, and I'm confident they will continue to drive durable growth into the future. Thank you, everyone, who joined us today for your interest in our story. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes Tapestry's earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2025 Q2  (2025-02-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Please stand by. Your program is about to begin. If you need assistance on today's conference, please press star zero. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone. Good morning. Thank you for joining us.
Christina Colone: With me today to discuss our second quarter results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer, and Scott Roe, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website, www.tapestry.com/investors, and then view the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with highlights for Tapestry and our brand. Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities, and our outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question and answer session where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and brand president of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry CEO. Good morning.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome everyone. As noted in our press release, our strong second quarter results outperformed expectations showcasing our commitment to disciplined brand building. Our exceptional teams brought innovation and craftsmanship to consumers around the world this holiday season, driving accelerated top and bottom line growth to achieve record quarterly revenue and earnings per share. From this position of strength, we increased our outlook for fiscal year 2025 while making strategic investments to extend our competitive advantages and fuel strong, durable growth and value creation into the future. Touching on the highlights of the quarter. First, we powered global growth with total revenue gains of 5% outpacing guidance. Fueled by 10% growth at Coach, by geography, all regions exceeded expectations. International revenue rose 7% at constant currency, led by an increase of 42% in Europe, where our business is strong and our runway for growth is significant. In addition, we delivered a sales increase of 1% in the total APAC region. In Greater China specifically, we returned to growth with revenue rising 2%. Importantly, we continue to bring compelling innovation, relevance, and value to consumers with a sharp focus driving long-term growth in the region and with this important consumer cohort. And in North America, revenue increased 4% compared to last year, while gross and operating margin expanded as we continue to drive a healthy business. Second, we remained focused on building new and lasting relationships with consumers. During the quarter, we drove new customer acquisition growth, welcoming approximately 2.7 million new customers in North America alone. Over half of these customers were Gen Z and millennials. And they continue to transact at higher AUR than the balance of our customer base. Importantly, Gen Z consumers at Coach have the highest retention rate of all cohorts, reinforcing the opportunity to build lifetime value with our target consumer base. At the same time, we improved lapsed customer reactivation in North America, highlighting our ability to successfully engage our existing customer base as we recruit new consumers to our brands. Third, we delivered compelling omnichannel experiences underpinned by Tapestry's leading capabilities which enable us to enhance the customer experience across all touchpoints with our brands. To this end, we maintained strength in digital, which grew high single digits versus prior year and represented approximately one-third of revenue at accretive margins. Our global brick and mortar sales rose at a low single-digit rate in the quarter at strong and increasing profitability. Fourth, we fueled fashion innovation and product excellence. As we remain focused on bringing creativity, quality, and compelling value to consumers around the world, this is clearly on display at Coach where we delivered strong and broad-based growth in handbags with AUR gains. Underscoring the vibrancy of the brand and product offering. Our success is also reflected in our strong gross margin, as we achieved a record second quarter gross margin with further opportunity for expansion long term. Importantly, underpinning our innovation pipeline and margin gains is our agile supply chain. A key competitive advantage which enables us to deliver craftsmanship globally and powers our growth. Overall, we generated record earnings per share which exceeded our expectations and increased over 20% compared to the prior year. Importantly, our business is strong today and well-positioned for the future as we remain committed to delivering consistent long-term growth and shareholder value. Now moving to our results and strategies by brand. Coach had a breakout quarter as we continue to drive brand heat, and bring this storied brand to a new generation of consumers. Coach's success is compounding. And it demonstrates the enduring power of its expressive luxury positioning. Our growth is credit to our talented global teams who are operating with excellence and intention to deliver innovation across products, marketing, and experiences to cultivate emotional and lasting connections with consumers. To this end, during the quarter, we achieved 10% constant currency revenue gains at exceptional margins highlighted by 270 basis points of gross margin expansion and a 210 basis point lift in operating margin. Importantly, our strategies are working with three key areas underpinning our accelerated growth. First, new Gen Z customer acquisition resulting from our systematic understanding and engagement with our target consumer. Second, strength in our core leather goods category where we have authenticity and scale and our innovation is winning. Third, global outperformance led by North America and Europe and a return to growth in Greater China. These growth pillars will continue to drive our success in the future. Now touching on the strategic highlights of the second quarter in more detail. First, our results were driven by strong gains in leather goods, where we have multiple platforms for growth, given the power of our iconic handbag families and the success of new product introductions. The Tabby family once again outperformed over indexing with new and younger consumers and doubling versus last year. Building strength on strength the Tabby shoulder bag 26 continued to anchor the offering, with momentum in core Tabby, as well as new introductions, including the Times Square and Quilted Tabby. In addition, the recently launched New York family significantly outpaced expectations featuring the Brooklyn and Empire bags. During the quarter, the Brooklyn shoulder bag 28 at $295 was a top recruitment driver. While the soft Empire Carryall 40 at $695 outperformed. The New York family, a new foundation for the brand, continue to prove incremental and compelling. Providing innovation that's clearly resonating with consumers globally. Further, our Coach Originals collection featuring archival bags that celebrate the brand's legacy with a modern sensibility drove growth, notably with Gen Z consumers. And finally, bag charms and straps amplified our offerings, particularly the viral cherry charm cutting through for being emotional, highly giftable, and trend-right. Importantly, our strategies are driving strong brand heat and desire among Gen Z consumers. In fact, Coach was again recognized by The List climbing ten places to become the world's fifth hottest brand with the Brooklyn bag leading as this quarter's hottest product. Additionally, the Coach cherry bag charm entered the list as the number four hottest product. Overall, Coach's growth in handbags and accessories continued to outpace the industry. Which included mid-teens AUR gains globally, led by North America. And looking forward, we remain confident in the opportunity for further sustainable growth given our brand strength and innovation pipeline as well as the compelling value and craftsmanship we offer in the luxury market. Next, we remain focused on fueling life with an emphasis on footwear. Where we are underpenetrated and have a right to win by leveraging our brand strength to drive customer recruitment, frequency, and lifetime value with our target, timeless, Gen Z consumer. During the quarter, we successfully launched the new Highline sneaker, which sold at $125 in both retail and outlet. Attracted new customers to the brand. This introduction in both retail and outlet channels builds on our one Coach learning agenda, which we successfully piloted with Tabby. Turning to marketing. We continue to drive cultural relevance through emotional storytelling that amplifies our brand and product offering. This holiday, we rolled out the next chapter of our Unlock Your Courage Campaign. And with each campaign, we're learning. Gaining deeper consumer insights that enhance our storytelling and media. This capability enables us to deliver the right content at the right time on the right platform ensuring that our messages are cutting through. This is key to driving sustainable customer acquisition and it's working globally at scale. To this end, during the quarter, we continued to increase our top of funnel marketing investments. Demonstrating the confidence we have in our brand and product offering. As a result, this helped drive greater consumer engagement and outperformance versus the industry. Particularly in our key markets of North America and China. In addition, we also cultivated enthusiasm for the brand, through unique and immersive retail experiences. Our Coach Play concept stores, which engage consumers across their five senses, continue to outperform with higher Gen Z traffic, longer dwell times, and higher return frequency. We are taking these learnings and evaluating opportunities to bring the highest impact elements of these locations to our store fleet more broadly. Overall, our holistic brand building activities helped to drive increases in new customer acquisition as we welcomed over 1.7 million new customers to Coach in North America, a strong increase versus prior year and a significant acceleration in trend. Of these new customers, nearly 60% were Gen Z and millennials. Consistent with our strategy to recruit younger customers. At the same time, our retention rate with the Gen Z cohort also increased reinforcing that we're building lasting relationships with our consumers in support of durable growth. In closing, Coach, our largest brand, is strong and differentiated. And it continues to deliver outstanding results highlighting the capabilities of Tapestry's growth engine. With consumer understanding at the center of all we do, our talented teams are delivering the blend of magic and logic that is the hallmark of the brand and the foundation of our future. From this position of strength, I'm confident our best days are still to come with significant opportunity to drive continued consistent long-term growth. Now moving to Kate Spade. While profit results met our expectations for the quarter, driven by gross margin expansion. Revenue trends declined 10%. Most importantly, together with Eva Erdman, Kate Spade's new CEO, we are moving quickly and decisively, addressing what we know is not working and laying the groundwork for a return to sustainable profitable growth. Since Eva's arrival in October, we've assessed the current state of the business and made progress in building our roadmap for the future. Informed by deeper consumer insights. The takeaway of this work is clear. We need to rebuild the brand with consumers to reignite growth. To do this, we must focus our execution and accelerate our investments. With clear priorities distorted to our largest opportunities developing emotional storytelling to fuel customer acquisition, building handbag icons and driving growth in North America, our home market. And we see the path forward as having two important stages, first, we will streamline and solidify our foundation. By editing for focus, and investing to build brand heat. This will ultimately drive customer acquisition, which will allow us to scale from a healthy foundation, which is the prerequisite for sustainable top line growth. While we are acting with urgency, we acknowledge the work to reset the brand is a multi-quarter journey. Having said that, we know the path to growth is within our control and I am confident in the plan we've developed and the significant opportunity ahead for the brand. Now let me take you through our growth strategies and learnings in more detail, which includes results from the quarter. First, we're committed to fueling brand heat. Through relevant marketing to drive consideration and accelerate customer acquisition. During the quarter, we took a step forward in our brand building efforts. And this began with streamlining. In the fall, we made the decision to reduce spending on our fall campaign based on consumer feedback during testing. Instead, we pivoted, working with speed and agility to create new, more compelling content. And in December, we launched our holiday campaign. This was a social-first campaign featuring Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Madison Beer. Consistent with our strategy to distort our marketing investments, into upper funnel campaigns with more relevant messages for our target consumer. Importantly, the tagline to the one who was pulled through creative activations on social media and in our stores. Following the campaign, we saw a significant increase in purchase intent among Gen Z consumers who engaged with the content. Reinforcing the opportunity to make incremental marketing investments to drive consideration and ultimately new customer acquisition. As a result, we are extending our brand campaign in the third quarter to sustain and amplify engagement with consumers. Importantly, our learnings will be used to inform our bigger picture efforts as we build towards a larger purpose-driven 360-degree campaign launch in the fall of 2025. Next, we are focused on sharpening and elevating our handbag offering, improving our to drive more relevancy in our assortment. In support of this ambition, we leveraged our consumer survey work which illuminated the need to streamline our offering. Clearing deselection barriers through a tighter assortment and improved styling. By simplifying our product stories and focusing our merchandising efforts, we will ensure that the big ideas in leather goods cut through with more cohesion and relevancy. With this effort, we expect to reduce the number of handbag styles by over 15% by fall. At the same time, we will work to build blockbuster handbag families informed by consumer understanding. And we have learnings from holiday. We stood firmly behind the recently launched Deco Collection and our stores and in our marketing. The Deco collection continues to over-index with new younger consumers at strong AUR and margins. We see further opportunity for this family going forward. Importantly, we know when it's rise thirty years ago, Kate Spade offered a pioneering proposition in the market along with distinctive iconic. And this is our aim today. To build on what made us unique and successful historically in a way that is modern and relevant to our consumers today. Next, are focused on maximizing omnichannel cohesiveness with one brand message across all consumer touchpoints. Importantly, we are taking steps to reduce our promotional messaging across channels. The results of the last quarter reinforce that emotion and newness are what's winning with consumers. While promotional activity is not. Therefore, decreasing our level of promotional activity will be a key building block of solidifying our brand and positioning it to scale in a healthy way. Globally over the long term. To this end, we expect our gross margin to continue to expand moving forward as we build for the future and connect consumers on our brand values, beyond simply price. In closing, we are focused on executing our strategic roadmap for durable growth, and we are accelerating our investments to do this. We acknowledge that our strategic actions will pressure the brand's near-term financial results. However, the strength of our portfolio allows us to do this while delivering enhanced growth overall. Importantly, we have conviction that we are taking the right steps to reset the brand and unlock its full potential. Kate Spade is a beloved, unique, and purpose-driven brand. And though there is significant work to do to enhance its relevancy and reconnect with consumers, the strategy to deliver this outcome is well understood and in our control. We are confident in the meaningful long-term runway for the brand the value creation opportunity it represents for Tapestry. Now turning to Stuart Weitzman. Financial results remain challenged in the quarter with net sales decreasing 16% versus prior year at constant currency. Primarily reflecting softness in Greater China and in North America direct channels. In addition, global wholesale net sales declined impacted by shipment timing, while trends at POS remained strong growing at over 20% a key indicator of strategic progress. Overall, the Stuart Weitzman team remains focused on fueling brand relevancy, driving customer engagement, and delivering improved financial results long term. In closing, Tapestry delivered a standout holiday quarter. I want to thank our teams once again for their passion, creativity, and commitment to brand building and for driving our strong results. From this position of strength, we raised our outlook for the year with a sharp focus on the path forward. We will continue to fuel momentum at Coach. While taking action to reset the Kate Spade brand for long-term growth. We are confident that our bold growth agenda will support meaningful value creation, and we look forward to sharing the details of our long-term roadmap at an investor day this fall. Our future is bright. And we have the ambition, discipline, and strategies to generate strong and durable growth and shareholder returns for years to come. I'll now turn it over to Scott.
Scott Roe: Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. Our second quarter results exceeded expectations. Building on our track record of consistent execution as we unlocked accelerated growth, in the quarter, we delivered record quarterly revenue, gross margin, and earnings per share, while generating significant free cash flow. Now moving to the details of the quarter beginning with revenue trends on a constant currency basis. Sales increased 5% compared to the prior year and outperformed our guidance across all regions. These results reflect gains in Europe, North America, and total APAC with international revenue growing 7%. By region, Europe revenue grew 42% above last year with growth across all brands and channels driven by increased local consumer spend, and strong new customer acquisition, notably with Gen Z. In Greater China, revenue inflected to growth of 2%. Our sequential acceleration was driven by a return to growth in our brick and mortar channel, led by an improvement in traffic, while trends in digital remained positive. Our differentiated results in China clearly demonstrate that our strategic initiatives and investments in the region are yielding returns. Positioning our brands and business for long-term sustainable growth. And in other Asia, revenue rose 11% led by growth in Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, and Malaysia, while Japan sales declined 5%. In North America, sales increased 4% compared to the prior year, led by double-digit growth at Coach. Importantly, total gross and operating margin rose versus last year. Now touching on revenue by channel for the quarter. Our direct-to-consumer business grew 4% compared to the prior year, which included a high single-digit increase in digital revenue, and a low single-digit increase in global brick and mortar sales. And wholesale revenue grew in the quarter, in keeping with our expectations and strategy to find targeted opportunities to expand our brand's reach with consumers. Moving down the P&L, we delivered a record second quarter gross margin which was well ahead of plan and 280 basis points above prior year. This year-over-year expansion was driven by 260 basis points of operational outperformance as well as a benefit of approximately 20 basis points from lower freight expense. Our strong gross margin performance remains a core element of our value creation model providing us with flexibility and fuel to accelerate investments and drive long-term growth. Turning to SG&A, which rose 7% led by higher marketing spend versus prior year and forecast as we reinvested a portion of our profit outperformance into incremental brand building activities via top of funnel activations. Taken together, operating margin increased approximately 210 basis points in the quarter driving profit growth ahead of expectations and 15% over the prior year. At our record second quarter EPS of $2 grew 23% over prior year and exceeded our guidance by more than $0.30. To provide context on this beat, approximately $0.17 of the upside was due to operational outperformance. $0.08 was due to the net benefit of share repurchase activity, and $0.08 was related to a favorable tax rate versus plan. Now turning to our shareholder returns programs. As previously announced, following determination of the merger agreement with Capri in November, we took swift action to utilize our significant cash flow to execute a $2 billion accelerated share repurchase program underscoring our outlook for growth and unwavering commitment to deliver shareholder value. Together with our dividend, which is expected at $1.40 per share for the year, we are positioned to return over $2 billion or more than 100% of free cash flow to shareholders in fiscal 2025. A testament to our strong organic business and robust cash flow generation. And now before turning to the details of our balance sheet and cash flows, I'd like to reiterate our capital allocation priorities, which are unchanged. We have two foundational commitments. First, to continue to invest in our brands and business to support long-term sustainable growth, second, to continue to return capital to shareholders via our dividend. As we've shared, we have a goal over time to increase the dividend at least in line with earnings to achieve our stated targeted payout ratio of 35% to 40%. Beyond these foundational commitments, our robust cash flow generation provides us with balance sheet flexibility for value creation. This includes the opportunity for share repurchase activity, which is on display this year. In addition, we have $800 million remaining on previous share repurchase authorization for future buyback activity. Finally, utilizing our rigorous four-lens framework, we consistently evaluate opportunities for strategic portfolio management. Importantly, and as previously communicated, before moving forward with any acquisitions, we will ensure Coach remains strong and Kate Spade has returned to sustainable top-line growth. These clear capital allocation priorities are underpinned by our firm commitment to a solid investment-grade rating and maintaining our long-term gross leverage target of below 2.5 times. Now turning to the details of our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter with $1 billion in cash and investments and total borrowings of $2.7 billion representing net debt of $1.7 billion. This includes $1.5 billion of senior notes raised during the quarter at a blended interest rate of 5.3% to help fund our ASR. At quarter end, our gross debt to adjusted EBITDA was 1.6 times. Adjusted free cash flow for the second quarter was an inflow of approximately $890 million and CapEx and implementation costs related to cloud computing were $39 million. And inventory levels at quarter end were 14% above prior year as planned. As we move into the back half of our fiscal year, our inventory is current and well-positioned globally and by brand in support of our growth ambition. To this end, we continue to expect to end Q3 and the full year with inventory above year. Now moving to our guidance for fiscal 2025, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. We are raising our fiscal year 2025 revenue operating margin, EPS, and cash flow outlook. Importantly, we continue to view our outlook as prudent and achievable as we remain clear-eyed about the realities of the environment balanced with the opportunities we see for our business. For the fiscal year, we now expect revenue of over $6.85 billion representing growth of approximately 3% versus prior year on a reported basis, including an expected currency headwind of over 50 basis points. Touching on sales by region at constant currency, we expect growth in Europe in the area of 30% where we are underpenetrated and have strong traction. In other Asia, we anticipate high single-digit gains while in Japan, we're forecasting a low single-digit decline. In North America, we expect revenue to be up slightly as we continue to support healthy business. And in Greater China, we expect low single-digit growth over the prior year. In addition, our outlook now assumes operating margin expansion of approximately 100 basis points versus prior year, we anticipate gross margin expansion to drive this increase. Due to improvements in both AUR and AUC, both freight and FX are still expected to have a negligible impact on gross margin changes for the full year. On SG&A, we expect expenses to increase above the pace of revenue growth driven primarily from increased marketing expense including accelerated investments at Kate Spade, while we remain diligent with respect to overall expense control, we're making deliberate growth-focused investments in our strategic priorities. Moving to below the line expectations for the year, net interest expense is expected to be approximately $35 million as compared to prior guidance of $20 million of net interest income. This change reflects the interest on our new bond issuance as well as a lower cash balance due to the execution of the ASR program. This outlook also incorporates the expectation to repay our April 2025 bonds totaling $303 million at maturity. The tax rate is expected to be approximately 17% to 18% and our weighted average diluted share count for the year is forecasted to be approximately 223 million shares as compared to our prior guidance of approximately 238 million shares reflecting the partial year net benefit of share repurchase activity which includes the initial delivery of approximately 28 million shares received in November. So taken together, we're raising our EPS guidance to $4.85 to $4.90 representing 13% to 14% growth compared to last year, ahead of our prior guidance of $4.50 to $4.55. This increase incorporates our Q2 operational outperformance of $0.17 full year net benefit from share repurchase activities of a dime and a net tailwind of $0.08 from favorable tax rate partially offset by a planned second half currency headwind. To briefly touch on the topic of tariffs, this guidance embeds the expectation for an additional 10% tariff on goods imported from China into the US beginning February 4th which is expected to have an immaterial impact on fiscal 2025 results given our limited manufacturing exposure to China. We continue to monitor the external landscape closely and are developing potential mitigating actions as needed. To note, we do not have production in Canada or Mexico. Moving on, we now anticipate adjusted free cash flow of approximately $1.2 billion. Finally, we expect CapEx and cloud computing cost to be in the area of $170 million. We anticipate two-thirds of the spend to be related to store openings, renovation, and relocations, with the balance primarily related to our ongoing digital and IT investments. Touching on the shaping of the year, we expect revenue to increase the area of 4% in the back half of the year on a constant currency basis. Including an expected FX headwind, we anticipate revenue growth in the area of 3% for the second half with fairly balanced top-line growth between quarters. Turning to operating margin, we expect expansion versus prior year in the second half driven by gross margin improvement, while SG&A is expected to grow modestly above the pace of reported sales gains with a higher level of growth planned in Q3 relative to Q4. And this is based on the phasing of investments. And we expect our tax rate in Q3 to be below the full year average. Taken together, we expect second half EPS growth with Q3 EPS forecasted to approach $0.85. In closing, we delivered a record-breaking quarter highlighted by accelerated top and bottom line growth led by Coach, our largest brand. And from this position of strength, we raised our outlook for the year. Importantly, our commitment to disciplined brand building and our intense focus on fundamentals allows us to invest in our future growth drivers leaning into the biggest opportunities where we'll build strong gains and extend our competitive advantages while returning over $2 billion in capital to shareholders. In this fiscal year alone, we are confident in our brands, our people, our strategy, and our outlook with steadfast focus on delivering accelerated growth and enhanced shareholder value in fiscal 2025 and for years to come. I'd now like to open it up and take your questions.
Operator: To withdraw yourself from the queue, you may press Star two. Our first question is from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim. Hi. Good morning.
Bob Drbul: Just have two questions really. The first one just on Coach, what really drove the success this quarter? Do you think that it's sustainable? And the second one is just can you expand a bit more just how you're thinking about Kate Spade going forward. Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, and good morning, Bob. The record-breaking quarter we delivered shows the power of our organic growth opportunities and our brand building strategies. As you can see, our teams are confident and focused. Our strategies are working and they're compounding, and there is more growth ahead. I will say Tapestry is committed to continuing to fuel that sustainable growth at Coach, and I'll turn it to Todd to discuss Coach in more detail, and then I'll jump back in to address your question on Kate.
Todd Kahn: Thanks, Joanne, and thank you, Bob, for the support. I can say without any reservation, the strong growth in revenue and profitability at Coach is sustainable. And my confidence is based on four key pillars from our brand building playbook that we've honed over the last few years. So let me run you through them. First, culture. Culture, I cannot overemphasize. We've materially changed our culture at Coach and Tapestry, which is truly foundational to our success. We have developed an environment where creativity, innovation, inform risk-taking, with a true test and learn agenda leads. And not just the opinion of the most senior person in the room. Even if that's me sometimes. Second, our deep consumer insights that inform our business strategies, products, and marketing spend. And it's scalable and markets across the brand and Tapestry. You think about it, you see this in play in North America, in China, and Europe. Third, our focus on customer acquisition with our targeted Gen Z cohort. These clients are discovering the brand at record numbers. They're transacting at higher AURs, and with greater frequency. Fourth, our key focus on handbags and leather goods. Providing incredible value, authenticity, and craftsmanship at scale. Demonstrated by the success of our icons. Such as Tabby, Brooklyn, and Terry. So if I had to summarize, something we talk about a lot here. Coach is a storied brand with over eighty years history winning today, we are winning with a modern client. We're doing this because we are understanding the consumer, we're nurturing creativity, we're operating as a high-performing team, and we're managing with financial rigor.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Todd. Really displaying disciplined brand building, and then I appreciate it. On Kate Spade, we are taking action, and we're bringing focus to our execution, and we're accelerating our investments to drive that long-term growth. We have made changes. We have a new CEO, Eva Erdman, who's partnering with Sandeep, our chief growth officer, and we're leveraging deeper consumer insights and we're building on the learnings from Coach. You just heard Todd talk about the successes we've built at Coach. We're starting at Kate with focus and streamlining. What we've heard from our customers is the need to remove deselection barriers. Reducing our style counts and we're reducing promotional activity. At the same time, we're leaning into marketing investments to fuel brand interest and ultimately drive new customer acquisition that we know will power our growth in the future. We have work to do. This is a multi-quarter journey, but our strategies are clear and the path to long-term growth is in our control. At Tapestry, we're being disciplined about how we allocate resources and capital. So come back to where we started, we're both fueling Coach and investing across our portfolio for the future. We delivered a strong quarter and raised our outlook, and we're doing that while accelerating investments to reset Kate Spade.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next question is from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo. Hey.
Ike Boruchow: Congrats. Great results. Glad to see it. Two from me, maybe first for Joanne, maybe second for Scott. Just kind of digging a little bit more into Coach, specifically in terms of the robust numbers you guys are putting up. Maybe can you talk about, Joanne, maybe how much did the New York family and Tabby contribute to Coach's growth? What percent of sales do these two families represent? Any more detail there might be helpful. And then follow-up for Scott. Just core drivers of potential margin expansion ahead. How are you thinking about the pace of future gross margin expansion at Coach just following all the recent strength would be helpful.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Sure. I can pick it up. And just let you know that Coach's business is based on really strong foundational principles, and the growth is broad-based. And I think I'll talk it to Todd to cover the details on the business at Coach.
Todd Kahn: Thanks. I appreciate that. We're so pleased with our platforms. And what's so different about Coach today is we don't have a single platform. We have multiple platforms but they're still very focused. So first, no single platform counts for more than 10% of our sales. Whether that's the Tabby family, whether that's the New York family. So I see a lot of runway with those families as well as Terry in outlet. So we have foundational families that we can drive real business with. Amazing is all of them Terry, Tabby, Brooklyn, are attracting this younger consumer. And so we're attracting this younger consumer across the price spectrum. Which is phenomenal for us. You're gonna Scott's gonna talk about gross margin. I will give a plug. If you think about gross margin, the way we're thinking about it, we just came off of what typically is the highest promotional quarter in our industry. Delivered over 77% gross margin. And, again, that was the highest gross margin in the second quarter in Coach's history. I see incredible sustainable growth in gross margin over the long term. And as we continue to create desirable product, have to use price points. With the scale and the opportunities that the Tapestry supply chain provides. So both on raising price and on reducing our cost, we have a lot of runway left. Scott, hopefully, I left you something on the on the on the boat.
Scott Roe: You know, here's the great news, Todd, is we're in full alignment. Right? This management team prioritizes both gross margin and operating margin. And you know, AUR gross, AUC, which I always say is that most underappreciated part of the story. As our teams look at what consumers really value, we've got using AI for price elasticity. I mean, we're getting a lot more sophisticated as we look at these trade-offs and decisions and that plus the investment in brands brand love. And Todd always says emotion trumps price, and you see that on display, right, with the strong operational beat that we had in gross margin and how that's consolidating into near market-leading operating margins and Coach more than 33%. So what's ahead? You can expect that same basic flywheel. We're gonna grow our gross margins gonna continue to invest in engagement with consumers, which is through increasing marketing and more importantly, more effective marketing and storytelling. And we're balancing the long-term investments with short-term commitments to our shareholders. And I hope you see that's on display with record earnings in the second quarter and a strong beat and raise for the full year. What that means is 200 basis points of gross margin expansion and about 100 basis points in terms of op margin expansion. As we deliver for the short term, but also invest for the long term.
Ike Boruchow: Congrats, guys.
Todd Kahn: Thanks, Ike.
Operator: And our next question is from Adrienne Yih of Barclays.
Adrienne Yih: Good morning. And let me add my congratulations. Really well done. Joanne, I'm gonna go back to Kate Spade. You know, often when we kind of change the strategy, just wondering who do you envision in Ava envision today is the target market target consumer, kind of how you define her specifically. And then Scott and or Todd, this is kind of a both of you question. So, within Coach, Scott, can you give us can you talk about the AUR lift? Like, how much higher on a five-year basis is AUR? But more specifically, how much of that is actually from lower markdowns how much are your initial retail prices higher versus five years ago then segues to Todd Isn't this the largest spread to pinnacle luxury mean, that we've seen ever covering the space? It just seems like that Europe is testament to the fact you have a whole new market that's sort of been abdicated by Pinnacle Luxury. If you can speak to that, that'd be great. Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. Thanks, Adrienne, and I'll jump in on Kate Spade. And I would say that it's not so much of a strategy change. The principles of brand building at Tapestry across our portfolio remain intact, and our focus is on sharpening our execution. And as we think about improving that execution, it is in through building more relevance for a target younger consumer. One of the learnings that we've had and our approach is to make sure that we're attracting new customers to the brand, but also new and younger consumers to our brands. Because we know that by 2030, 70% of the consumption in our category will be with new and younger consumers. So we see that as the lifeblood. And as we do deeper consumer research, we're listening and responding and improving our execution behind what we hear to bring more relevance to the brand both in product and in the experiences and storytelling that we develop. And some of the actions we've taken already are showing some traction. We know we need to streamline and focus. What we're hearing from the customer is removing those deselection barriers. Reducing the style counts, that allows us to take big ideas and have them cut through for the consumer and also reducing promotional activity. As we mentioned and as you know and what we see in the market, innovation is winning with the consumer. Continuously hitting the consumer over the head with price is not winning. And so we will sharpen our execution around that as we build the brand and reset the brand. We're also making investments. We're gonna reach our target consumer on the right platform with relevant messaging. And we're leaning into investments there. We see how effective that has been in building brand heat and desire and we're beginning that. We know that's not an overnight change, but we're beginning those investments. And the beauty of it is that we have a strong portfolio. We are beating our estimates. We're raising our outlook, and we're making these changes and investments. And I will end by saying that I'm really excited to partner with Ava. We've brought in a really strong brand builder and the team is very focused on moving quickly behind these actions.
Scott Roe: Yeah. Let me build on that real quick. Yeah. Just put some numbers Adrienne, on the CAE guide. So in the in the quarter, we're down about 10%. We expect the top line trend to be more or less the same. Through the second half of this year. With gross margins continuing to build, moderating a little bit from what we saw in the first. We lapped some of the cost initiatives from a year ago, but still positive in gross margin. And as Joanne just said and we indicated in prepared remarks, significant investment brand building. It'll be the highest percentage brand building as a percentage. Obviously, Coach had absolutely turned as much larger, but the largest percentage increase in what gives us conviction around making that? It's what we've seen on display in Coach. And remember, the phases of this were we're focusing on brand awareness, then we're gonna go followed by customer acquisition and finally growth. Had a beat raise for the full year. Even more importantly, don't lose the thread because we and we're able to not only make these investments in Kate Spade for the long term, but deliver in the short term. To shareholders based on the results that we just printed. I'll throw it to Todd on the AUR question. I think better served by him.
Todd Kahn: Thanks, Scott. I chuckle a little bit because in the since FY19, in about the 20 quarters, we've been doing this together, I think 19 of them. We've had an AUR question. I think nine of them we've gone to AUR. So indeed. What's exciting is you and every quarter, like, I did it. Is this it? Is this it? And, you know, we keep hopefully surprising you on the upside. So first, I'm AUR this last do we do? Deliver double-digit handbag growth on AUR and even in North America. So your question is insightful. There's a couple things at play here. Obviously, value matters. And we offer incredible value against maybe traditional European luxury and people are seeing that. And you're seeing it in markets like Europe, where we're seeing double-digit growth because there's value. But I will also say, the value equation is only part of it. You have to have compelling product. You have to say your product has to stand for something. I talk a lot about value and values. Our focus, this timeless Gen Z customer. And we're our insight that we keep developing and how we continue to build on that insight. It is the cornerstone for everything we do. It's the cornerstone that informs Stuart and our design team. It's the cornerstone of our operations, and it's the cornerstone of our storytelling. So excuse me. The value in value is just clear. I see a lot of AUR growth. We obviously don't have to discount product. But also what we've done over these last couple of years is we focus on fewer stories, deeper icons. We don't have to we don't have that vicious cycle of markdowns that historically you have in our space. Because we're reinforcing fewer deeper ideas.
Adrienne Yih: Fantastic. Well done.
Scott Roe: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Thanks, and congrats on a great quarter. So Joanne, with Coach now at a position of strength, as you cited, could you speak to new customer acquisition trends in North America and Greater China and specifically elaborate on opportunities you see to further accelerate growth just given the momentum and clear move to offense. And then, Scott, on the bottom line, earnings this year raised to low to mid-teens. That's your former growth algorithm. Is there any reason that this pace is not sustainable multiyear.
Joanne Crevoiserat: You know, we are I think that second quarter demonstrates the power of our brand building capabilities. It is the disciplines that we have on display. Coach is leading, Coach is taking share, and it does start with really leaning in to the true essence of the brand understanding our target consumer, and delivering relevant product, emotional product experiences, and storytelling to deepen the engagement with the consumer. And this is a journey that we've been on for years, and we continue to build and hone our capabilities here, and we're driving success. It's not just a customer acquisition that we're after. We're after customer acquisition with a younger consumer. And in the Coach case, with the young timeless, Gen Z consumer. And that's where you see as we get more focused on exactly who our target customer is and bring all of the capabilities of our company, including the incredible innovation and creativity that the teams are delivering. With our commercial capabilities around the world. That is cutting through with our target consumer. We're acquiring more consumers. That accelerated in the quarter. More than half, 60% at Coach for Gen Z, and millennial consumers, and what's interesting about customer acquisition, as you asked, it's these customers are coming into the brand in a healthy way. They're transacting at higher AUR than the average and they're now coming back with more frequency. So building that lifetime value that we value with the young consumer. So that is the focus. It's the focus of our brand building capabilities. And it really starts with having a systemic understanding of the consumer and a continuous learning agenda. And I would say that the teams, while they have success, they continue to stay humble and curious, and we see a second quarter demonstrates, this will drive growth. And we're just getting started. We see more growth ahead. And a lot of opportunity across our portfolio and with Coach.
Scott Roe: And I guess on the second part of the question, Matt, is it sustainable? Short answer, yes. In my opinion. And why do I have conviction? Around that? Well, Todd gave a lot of it, right, which is our continued strength in AUR, our AUC initiatives, and one of the with the best supply chain in the business, gross margin growth. We'll continue to invest, but we also read and react. I think this is an important part. We don't just invest to invest. We invest where we see those indications and that's in our control and we're balancing short term and long term as we think about those investments. And then, obviously, our commitment is to continue to grow earnings. Other thing I'd point out is the strong cash flow yield. You know, we just raised our free cash flow to $1.2 billion. We've got a very strong balance sheet and a lot of options delivering even more shareholder value in the future. Whether it be through buybacks or other actions.
Matthew Boss: Congrats again.
Scott Roe: Yeah. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to build on the discussion around these powerful new handbag franchises. How do you balance their near-term success with also ensuring that the pipeline is full of new products to take over when those products pass peak?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Go ahead, Todd. I'll let you jump in. Yeah. I'm confident in our innovation pipeline. But, Todd, I'll let you jump in.
Todd Kahn: You know, it's an interesting phenomenon. We and we recognize this with Tabby, and I think I might have said in prior investor calls. But from 2019, what we started to see Tabby slowdown. And, typically, what would have happened is we would have exited it, it would have gone into outlet. But we would have had the markdown liability a year later, we come out with a new bag called Gabby with the similar attribute. And we'd start the cycle all over again. We stop that cycle. What we did is we took the platform and we innovated in the platform. It was in Tabby's case. We launched Pillow Tabby. Not only did it create an entire new opportunity, it enhanced the original Tabby. We keep doing that more and more. And one of the things I looked at, it was I had a walk through yesterday for fall. The New York family, the Empire, the Brooklyn, we're seeing so much innovation under the platform. That's powerful. And it's cohesive. So when a customer comes in, their choices it tells a compelling story, and you see that with our New York family, which really we're just getting started. New York family is less than a year old. It became the number one bag in the list the first time in our history Coach had two products in the top ten in the list. Conversely, Tabby, we have so much runway. For Tabby. And what I love about Tabby is it has such a distinct hardware in the sculpted C that is ownable and desirable by our clients.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Brooke Roach of Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Good morning, and thank you for taking our question. Joanne, Scott, Todd, I was hoping we could dive a little bit deeper in the momentum that you're seeing in China in particular. It sounds like you have a little bit more optimism there than last quarter on an x FX basis. What's working specifically there? What's changing in the execution of your and mortar strategy for Coach, and how should we be thinking about the opportunity to accelerate Coach as well as your other brands in that region going forward. Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Sure. Why don't I kick it off, Brooke? We were pleased to see Greater China return to growth in the second quarter. We delivered low single-digit growth in the quarter significantly outpacing the industry and I think that speaks to the success of our strategies. The brand building capabilities that are working are working globally. And it does underscore the opportunity ahead. We have strong broad-based performance across channels and city tiers in China, the team is importantly bringing the innovation and the value to consumers in that market. Our brand is positioned quite well in the market, and we're investing, including in higher levels of marketing in the region. And we're seeing consumers respond, including younger consumers. So we are driving Gen Z acquisition. So the principles of brand building that are working at Coach are working across the globe. Maybe I'll talk it to Todd if I left you any material to cover how you're thinking about China, but we remain confident in the long-term opportunity overall in China. But, Todd, any color on Coach specifically?
Todd Kahn: Thanks, Joanne. You know, again, we've been in China for over 25 years. We have a depth and a richness to China and understanding in China. We spend a lot of time there. We have amazing people and stores on the ground which really drive everything. And some of the things I've talked about, I think, last call, I mentioned the visit to Wuxi. I know many of you had a better look up where Wuxi was. Small city of nine million people with, you know, three current Coach stores, which opportunity to triple that. That story replicates itself often. This growth of the middle class is so powerful for our brand. Again, going back to value and values, both resonate with this Chinese consumer. So I was so pleased to see a return to growth in China. You're gonna see more growth coming out of China. And in addition to productivity growth as we see increases in traffic. Gonna see distribution growth. We really believe in China. We believe that the Coach brand represents something very special in China. For a number millions and millions of clients. And, again, when you think about people coming of age, eighteen, nineteen, twenty-year-olds, who wanna buy their first bag. We want more than our fair share of that client coming to Coach. We have the right to get them.
Brooke Roach: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Binetti of Evercore.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Let me just add my congrats on a great holiday there, especially Coach North America. Incredible work. I'm sure you guys are proud of it. I just ask you on the path forward on AUR. Is there a point where Brooklyn and Tabby and the franchises that you've spoken about today, all the new consumers you've brought in, the good retention rates, that Joanne talked about start to translate to unit growth. I think if we, you know, back out the AURs you talked about, units are probably still so negatives. Or do you see do you still see the growth coming largely from AUR in the near that's where the momentum is and unit growth would be upside. And then, Scott, just a quick follow-up to you just to help us think about your near-term priorities for high how to think about flow through if the revenue upside does continue. I know you held the SG&A rate to what we were expecting in the quarter, but you were still you still grew the dollars when the revenue came in. It sounded like went to the top of funnel things that can drive the brand going forward. So just how to think about, you know, your priorities for SG&A if you do see upside revenues in the back half. Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. On AUR and units, your question I think Todd covered the AUR. His confidence in the AUR earlier on the call. Our innovation pipeline is strong. AUR is driving our growth, but we see the opportunity for us. It's an and, not an or. We see the opportunity to drive units going forward both with the expansion of the market and new customer acquisition as well as with, you know, category expansion as these brands continue to drive heat. And maybe toss it to Scott for the flow through.
Scott Roe: Yeah. So I, you know, I can't really give you a definitive answer other than that we will continue to see flow through my we're leaning in where we see real opportunities and for example, we mentioned the Cape where we saw some traction in the campaign with Madison Beer and some of the opportunities leaning in and certainly, we could have made more money. We expect the profit in Kate to be in the 7% range or $85 to $90 million. We could've made that a lot higher but we see the opportunity long term to make that investment. And we can do that while we're still at the Tapestry level delivering significant beats. So we're gonna look at all these investments. You will see flow through. I wouldn't expect a radical change. We've invested where we see that it's prudent, but if other things come up, we'll certainly take those.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question and answer. I will now turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat for some concluding remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you. Today, we had the opportunity to share our standout holiday results and stronger fiscal 2025 outlook. And what I want to leave you with is a reiteration of our focus and confidence. Coach is an iconic brand, and we're winning with a new generation of consumers around the world. I've never been more confident in the brand and its innovation pipeline. Our success shows that our strategies are working and that a commitment to disciplined brand building drives results. And with this momentum, we're extending our competitive advantages and bringing more focus and investment to Kate Spade. Kate Spade is a unique and beloved brand. We have new leadership, a clear roadmap for long-term growth, and the learnings from Coach to pave our way forward. There is work to do, but we're moving decisively, and we're confident that the path to growth is within our control. Overall, we have a bold ambition to drive accelerated, durable organic growth. And we're focused and confident that the value creation opportunity in front of us is compelling. For our brands, consumers, talented teams, and shareholders. Thank you again to our exceptional global teams for fueling our growth and thank you to everyone who joined us today for your interest in our story. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes Tapestry's earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-11-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our first quarter results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Roe, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website, www.tapestry.com/investors, and then view the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with highlights for Tapestry and our brands. Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities and our outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina and welcome everyone. As noted in our press release, our first quarter results exceeded expectations, showcasing the brand magic and operational excellence that are the foundation of our strategic growth agenda. Importantly, our strong and consistent performance is a credit to our exceptional global teams who continue to navigate the dynamic backdrop with focus and agility while positioning our brands and business for the future. Touching on the highlights of the quarter. First, we achieved total revenue in line with prior year on a constant currency basis, outpacing our outlook and reflecting the benefits of our globally diversified business model with continued solid growth at Coach. By geography, we achieved international revenue gains of 2% at constant currency which included an increase of 27% in Europe and a 2% decline in the total APAC region. In Greater China specifically, sales declined 5% consistent with the top end of our guidance range and ahead of the industry which included a sequential trend improvement throughout the quarter. Importantly, we are delivering a high level of innovation, relevance and value to consumers while continuing to invest in our brands, teams and platforms to support long-term growth in the region and with this important consumer cohort. And in North America, revenue declined 1% compared to last year including an anticipated decrease in wholesale while profit rose driven by gross and operating margin expansion. Second, we remain focused on building new and lasting relationships with consumers across our portfolio. During the quarter, we acquired approximately 1.4 million new customers in North America alone, with increases across all brands. Over half of these customers were Gen Z and Millennials, consistent with our strategy to recruit younger consumers to our brands, and they continued to transact at a higher AUR than the balance of our customer base. At the same time, we improved lapsed customer reactivation in North America, which highlights our ability to successfully engage our existing customer base as we welcome new consumers to our brands. Third, we delivered compelling omnichannel experiences engaging our customers wherever they choose to shop our brands. To this end, we maintained strength in digital which grew high single digits versus prior year and represented over 25% of revenue at accretive margins. Our digital business is underpinned by Tapestry's leading capabilities which have enabled us to enhance the customer experience across their purchase journey. Our global brick and mortar sales decreased at a low single digit rate in the quarter as expected though we maintained strong profitability. Fourth, we fueled fashion innovation and product excellence as we remain focused on bringing creativity, quality and compelling value to consumers around the world. This is clearly on display at Coach where we delivered continued growth in handbags with AUR gains underscoring the vibrancy of the brand and product offering. Our success is also reflected in our strong gross margin as we achieved a record first quarter gross margin with further opportunity for expansion long-term. Importantly, underpinning our margin gains is our agile supply chain, a key competitive advantage which enables us to deliver craftsmanship and value globally, while effectively adapting to the rapidly evolving landscape. Overall, we generated record earnings per share which exceeded our expectations, increasing at a double-digit pace compared to the prior year while making strategic investments in our brands and business. Importantly, this outperformance enabled us to raise our guidance for the full year consistent with our commitment to driving growth and shareholder value. Before turning to a discussion of our results in more detail, I'd like to briefly address the pending acquisition of Capri. Two weeks ago, the US District Court granted the FTC's preliminary injunction, which we believe is incorrect on the law and facts. We appealed the decision consistent with our obligations under the merger agreement. While we await that outcome, it's important to reiterate that we are in a position of strength and continue to focus on our compelling organic growth plan, building powerful brands and delivering for our consumers. Now moving to our results and strategies by brand. Coach continued to deliver standout results, highlighting the enduring power and relevance of the brand and its distinctive expressive luxury positioning. Importantly, our teams are driving strong consumer engagement through innovative product, storytelling and experiences fueling our brand heat and growth. To this end, during the quarter, we achieved 2% constant currency revenue gains at exceptional margins highlighted by 330 basis points of gross margin expansion and a 90 basis point lift in operating margin with meaningful runway for growth ahead. Now touching on our progress in the first quarter, centered on our focus to deepen our connection with consumers to fuel continued desire for the brand. First, we grew our leather goods offering. Led by our iconic handbag platforms and the success of new product introductions. The Tabby family once again outperformed over indexing with new and younger consumers and nearly doubling versus last year. The Tabby shoulder bag 26 continued to anchor the offering and we further expanded the family with the introduction of Times Square Tabby. As we shared last quarter. Based on the power of Tabby and in keeping with our commitment to put the consumer at the heart of all we do, we launched a test that brought the Tabby 26 to our outlet channel at full price. This test continues to exceed plan and as a result we rolled it out to more locations with Tabby now available in over 200 outlet stores globally, again at full price. Importantly, the learnings from this test continue to inform our broader strategies for fiscal '25 and beyond as we explore additional opportunities to scale innovative products and marketing campaigns across channels. In addition, during the quarter we launched the New York Family featuring the Brooklyn and Empire bags which surpassed our expectations globally and cemented their place as new pillars for the brand. The Brooklyn shoulder bag 20 at $295 was the top recruitment driver of Gen Z consumers, while the soft Empire Carryall 40 at an AUR of $695 was a viral sensation on TikTok. Importantly, the New York Family is incremental and differentiated with new minimalist branding and soft leather that's clearly resonating with consumers globally. In fact, the early success of Brooklyn earned it a spot on the list, ranking second among the 10 hottest products. Overall, Coach's growth in handbags and accessories continued to outpace the industry which included mid single digit AUR gains globally led by North America, and we see further runway longer term given our innovation pipeline and brand heat. Next, we remain focused on fueling lifestyle, expanding the brand's reach and categories including footwear ready and men's, where we are underpenetrated and have a right to win. By driving customer recruitment, purchase frequency and lifetime value. We have a strong pipeline of innovation, notably in footwear with the launch of the new Highline Sneaker in the current quarter. Turning to marketing. We continue to have meaningful conversations with consumers through purpose led marketing, driving cultural relevance and engagement with our brand. This fall we launched a new campaign Unlock Your Courage, featuring Coach ambassadors Elle Fanning, Naza, Young G, and Charles Melton in a series of short films designed to inspire authentic self-expression consistent with our brand mission. Importantly, because of our efforts, we've seen significant gains in unaided awareness, share of search and purchase intent among Gen Z consumers in the US and globally, reinforcing brand momentum and that our strategies are working. In addition, our campaigns and brand building efforts are breaking through globally. To this end, during the quarter, we made the strategic decision to increase our top of funnel marketing investments across international markets, notably in China. This reinforces the confidence we have in our brand and product offering, driving greater consumer engagement and helping to drive outperformance versus the industry in China specifically. In addition, we also drove brand desire through unique experiences. We connected with younger consumers in the world of gaming with a collaboration with Roblox and ZEPETO. Since the launch, more than 12 million unique users interacted with our content and we've seen an increase in brand consideration and purchase intent from consumers on the platform. Overall, our holistic brand building activities helped to drive increases in new customer acquisition as we welcomed approximately 930,000 new customers to Coach in North America, a strong increase versus prior year. Of these new customers, approximately 60% were Gen Z and Millennials, consistent with our strategy to recruit younger customers. Looking ahead to holiday. We will continue to focus on brand building through customer engagement, executing our strategies with discipline. We are confident in our product pipeline, building on the traction we're driving in the business through the continuing success of Tabby, expansion of the New York Family, the launch of newness within our Coach Originals collection, and a compelling assortment of seasonal novelty, reinforced by emotional marketing campaigns that amplify our brand purpose and product. In closing, Coach is a storied brand driving modern relevance fueled by a strong team methodically building sustainable growth. With customer understanding at the heart of our work, we continue to bring to life the brand's unique creativity, purpose and value to a new generation of consumers with significant runway ahead. Now moving to Kate Spade. During the quarter, we continued to reinforce our foundation for the future. While revenue declined as expected, profit margins again expanded versus prior year, led by continued gross margin expansion and diligent expense management. Moving forward, we have a clear imperative for growth. Last month we welcomed new brand CEO, Ava Erdmann to the organization. Ava brings a strong track record of leading global consumer luxury brands and driving consistent profitable growth. Ava and I share confidence in the meaningful opportunities at Kate Spade by bringing a sharpened focus on brand building and enhanced execution. Importantly, under Ava's leadership, the team is working with intention to advance our long-term strategies while acting with urgency to address the things we can immediately improve in support of this vision. Now touching on our results for the quarter. First, we remained focused on strengthening the brand's core handbag offering key to our growth agenda. In September, we launched the Deco Collection in Specialty which is over indexing with new younger consumers at strong AUR and margins. While the Phoebe and Spade Flower programs in outlet remain foundational. At the same time, we also recognize that we need to amplify this progress through more holistic brand building initiatives, ensuring that we are distorting our efforts to telling more focused, cohesive and relevant brand and product stories to drive consumer engagement and that work remains underway. Turning to Kate Spade's lifestyle offering. During the quarter we delivered strong growth in jewelry in keeping with our strategic intent. This growth was driven by Millennial and Gen Z recruitment and we see continued opportunity ahead. Next, we remain focused on maximizing the omnichannel opportunity to drive customer engagement and grow the brand. In keeping with this focus, in October, we launched a trial on Amazon with a range of products including an emphasis on gifting. The initial learnings are promising and we see an opportunity to leverage the platform's broad consumer reach specifically with younger cohorts as we've successfully done with Coach over the last year. Turning to marketing. We are committed to fueling brand heat to drive consideration and accelerate customer acquisition. During the quarter, we acquired approximately 445,000 new customers to the brand, representing an increase versus prior year. That said, we need to drive stronger outcomes, particularly in our core category to achieve our growth ambition. To that end, over the last quarter our team launched new Consumer Insights ethnographic work to sharpen our focus and break through with the brand's target audience. And we've immediately implemented action plans for the holiday and into spring which will bring more focus to our execution, from our assortment to our styling as well as our storytelling efforts. Importantly, we will distort our marketing investment into upper funnel campaigns with more relevant messages for our target customer, capitalizing on the brand's strong unaided awareness in the US to build greater brand desire and purchase consideration. Finally, we also continue to operate with discipline and a focus on maintaining a healthy brand and business which is foundational to our ways of working and highlighted by our continued gross and operating margin expansion in the quarter. Touching on holiday, our goal is to drive customer acquisition through focus and relevancy. To do this, we will lead with gifting, a hallmark of the brand while launching a social first campaign that will celebrate the joy of the holiday season in new and unexpected ways. Overall, while results for Kate Spade met our expectations in the quarter, we're not satisfied with the performance and we're sharpening our roadmap for long-term growth. This is a unique, purpose driven brand with significant potential with consumers on a global scale, and we're leaning in with intention to deliver sustainable, profitable growth. Now turning to Stuart Weitzman, we drove revenue gains for the quarter with growth in North America offsetting continued softness in Greater China. Importantly, though financial results remain challenged, we made progress in keeping with our strategic focus on brand building and delivering higher profitability long-term. Touching briefly on our focus areas across product and marketing. During the quarter, new styles including the Vinny Pump and Naomi Boot families resonated with consumers, while growth in flats continued. In addition, we refreshed our iconic styles which remain the bedrock of the brand. We launched new constructions to modernize and enhance the fit of key families including Nudist and Stuart. Product innovation drove traction at wholesale with the business growing double-digits on both a POS and net sales basis in North America in the first quarter. Further, order bookings year-to-date are up nearly 30% to last year. This will support an improvement in revenue and profitability trends this year and beyond, consistent with our strategy to drive growth in this important channel for the brand and category. Turning to marketing. During the quarter, we drove brand desire through emotional storytelling in keeping with the brand's purpose of inspiring strength and confidence. Following the brand's How Lovely to Be a Woman campaign launch featuring new, talented and multifaceted brand ambassadors, we saw an increase in customer acquisition, Google Search and organic digital traffic in North America, which reinforce brand health and represent leading indicators of stronger business results in the future. For holiday, the key boot selling season, we are focused on delivering innovation across our icons and building on the early success of new introductions while driving sustained wholesale growth where there's momentum. In addition, we will continue to deliver purpose driven marketing with the rollout of additional chapters of our How Lovely to Be a Woman campaign. Overall, we continue to see long-term potential for the brand with an empowered team focused on driving customer engagement and improved financial results. In closing, Tapestry delivered strong earnings growth in the first quarter, outperforming expectations. Our results continue to demonstrate the power of brand building, customer centricity and operational excellence. I want to reiterate my appreciation to our exceptional global teams who continue to drive our success. From this position of strength, we raised our outlook for the full year. We remain focused and confident in the bold ambition we have for our existing brands and business. I believe the best is yet to come for Tapestry. Before turning the call over to Scott, I want to take a moment to recognize Andrea Resnick. This marks Andrea's 97th and final earnings call with Tapestry, ahead of her retirement later this year. Andrea joined the company to take it public and has had a truly amazing career. She is an institution at Tapestry and a legend in the IR and Corporate Communication world. Andrea created a gold standard for thoughtful and transparent communications which have become a bedrock at our company. On behalf of everyone at Tapestry, we are grateful for her many contributions and wish her all the best in her next chapter. With that, I'll now turn it over to Scott.
Scott Roe: Thanks, Joanne and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter performance continued to build on our track record of consistent and disciplined execution. To this end, in Q1, we outperformed expectations across revenue, operating income and earnings, delivering strong EPS growth and cash flow generation, despite the volatile backdrop. Now moving to the details of the quarter, beginning with revenue trends on a constant currency basis. Sales were in line with the prior year and above our guidance for the quarter. These results were led by growth internationally which grew 2% at constant currency. By region, Europe, revenue grew 27% above last year, driven by increased local consumer spend and strong new customer acquisition, notably with Gen Z. In other Asia, revenue rose 10% led by growth in Australia, New Zealand and South Korea, while Japan sales declined 4% and in Greater China revenue declined 5% at the high end of our guidance range. During the quarter, we again delivered digital growth and brick and mortar trends while negative improved throughout the quarter, supported by better traffic trends which continued into Q2. Despite the overall challenging market backdrop, we are confidently investing in the region, delivering compelling product and value and positioning our brands and business for long-term growth. In North America, sales declined 1% compared to the prior year due to a planned decrease in wholesale, while North America Direct was positive. Importantly, both gross and operating margins rose versus last year as we supported long-term brand health. Now touching on revenue by channel for the quarter. Our direct-to-consumer business was in line with the prior year which included a high single digit increase in digital revenue and a low single digit decline in global brick and mortar sales. Wholesale revenue was in line with prior year which included international growth including on digital platforms where we continue to expand our reach. Moving down the P&L, we achieved a record first quarter gross margin, delivering gross margin expansion of 280 basis points versus prior year. This year-over-year increase was driven by 180 basis points of operational outperformance which exceeded plan as well as a benefit of approximately 60 basis points from lower freight expense and a 40 basis point tailwind from FX. Turning to SG&A. We continue to make ongoing strategic investments in our future. To this end, SG&A rose 3% led by higher marketing spend versus prior year and expectations in support of our brand building initiatives. So taken together, operating margin increased approximately 90 basis points in the quarter, driving operating profit growth ahead of prior year and expectations and first quarter EPS of $1.02 exceeded our guidance and represented growth of 10%. Now turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter with $7.3 billion in cash and investments and total borrowings of $7.3 billion which reflects the bond financing related to the proposed acquisition of Capri of $6.1 billion. Free cash flow was an inflow of $94 million. CapEx and implementation costs related to cloud computing for the quarter were $30 million. Inventory levels at quarter-end were 9% above prior year, reflecting a higher level of in transits consistent with expectations as we continue to leverage the benefits of our supply chain, navigating the Red Sea and port disruptions with only modest impact. Importantly, as we enter the holiday season, our inventory is current and well-positioned globally and we continue to expect to end Q2 and the full year with inventory above prior year. Turning to our dividend program. Our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.35 per common share, representing $80 million in dividend payments for the quarter. For the fiscal year, we continue to expect to return approximately $325 million to shareholders through the dividend for an annual rate of $1.40 per share. Now moving to our guidance for fiscal year '25 which is provided on a non-GAAP basis. We are raising our fiscal 2025 outlook which incorporates our first quarter outperformance. We view this guidance as prudent and achievable as we remain clear eyed about the realities of the external environment, balanced with the opportunities we see for our business. For the fiscal year, we now expect revenue of over $6.75 billion representing growth of approximately 1% to 2% versus prior year on a reported and constant currency basis. Touching on sales details by region at constant currency, we expect high teens growth in Europe where we are underpenetrated and have strong traction. In other Asia, we anticipate mid single digit gains, while in Japan we're forecasting a low single digit decline. In North America, we expect revenue to be approximately in line with to slightly above prior year as we continue to support a healthy business. And in greater China, we expect revenue to be in the area of prior year. In addition, our outlook now assumes operating margin expansion of over 50 basis points versus last year. We anticipate gross margin expansion to drive this increase due to improvements in both AUR and AUC, both freight and FX are expected to have a negligible impact on gross margin changes in fiscal '25. On SG&A, we expect expenses to increase roughly in line with the pace of revenue growth for the year. Importantly, we're continuing to diligently control costs while investing in our highest impact growth initiatives including making incremental investments in marketing versus our prior outlook. For modeling purposes, you can expect a modest decline in corporate expenses versus prior year while making ongoing investments in our brands. Moving to below the line expectations for the year. Net interest income is expected to be approximately $20 million which incorporates the Fed's 50 basis point rate cut in September with some further rate cuts assumed throughout the year. The tax rate is expected to be approximately 19%, and our weighted average diluted share count is forecasted to be in the area of 238 million shares. Taken together, we're raising our EPS guidance to $4.50 to $4.55, representing mid single digit growth compared to last year and ahead of our prior guide of $4.45 to $4.5. Finally, we anticipate free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion excluding any deal related costs, and we expect CapEx and cloud computing costs to be in the area of $190 million. We expect around two-thirds of the spend to be related to store openings, renovations and relocations, with the balance primarily related to our ongoing digital and IT investments. Touching on shaping for the year. We expect constant currency sales to be up slightly in the first half of the year with low single digit growth planned in the back half of the year. In Q2, specifically, we expect sales to grow in the area of 1% to 2% on a reported and constant currency basis. Turning to operating margin. We expect expansion in both the first and second halves, with the first half expansion led by gross margin gains and the second half increases driven by SG&A leverage. Taken together, we expect balanced EPS growth of mid single digits for the first and second halves, with Q2 forecasted to approach $1.70. Now to briefly address the proposed acquisition of Capri. We are appealing the district court's order as required by our merger agreement and have paused all integration planning efforts during this period. Given the present dynamics, we are not reaffirming the financial aspects of the deal and will provide updated comments if and as appropriate. With that, I'd like to share with you in more detail how we're thinking about our capital allocation priorities looking forward. Our capital allocation framework is focused on the goals of driving healthy growth and sustainable shareholder value. To do this, we have foundational commitments. First, to invest in our brands and businesses to support long-term sustainable growth. Second is our dividend and we expect to maintain a rate of $1.40 per share in fiscal '25 with a goal over time of increasing our dividend at least in line with earnings to achieve the stated targeted payout ratio of 35% to 40%. Beyond these foundational commitments, our robust cash flow generation provides us with balance sheet flexibility for value creation. To note, we are firmly committed to our solid investment grade rating and our long-term gross leverage target of below 2.5 times. Keeping this long-term leverage target in mind, there's a clear opportunity to utilize excess free cash flow for share repurchases. We have contingency plans ready, pending the outcome of the appeal and we believe our shares represent a compelling opportunity given the strong organic growth runway of our business and this would represent our immediate priority should we be unable to move forward with the proposed acquisition of Capri. And finally, consistent with our commitment to being disciplined financial operators and allocators of capital, we consistently evaluate opportunities for strategic portfolio management utilizing our rigorous four lens framework to ensure all actions meet our strategic and financial growth criteria. In closing, we delivered a successful quarter, demonstrating our commitment to driving disciplined growth. We achieved record gross margin and EPS with double-digit earning gains as we remained focused on executing our compelling organic growth plan, positioning us to raise our outlook for the full fiscal year. Importantly, our distinctive brands, talented global teams, data driven platform and strong cash flow are competitive advantages. Taken together, they provide us with strategic and financial flexibility to deliver accelerated organic growth and enhance shareholder value in fiscal '25 and for years to come. I'd now like to open it up and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Bob Drbul: Hi, good morning and congratulations on a great quarter. I guess, just the first question really is, can you expand a bit more on the deal, a bit more of an update on the deal. And then, in a deal break scenario, can you just talk through a bit more the vision for the company, your capital allocation priorities, including future M&A. Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Bob, and good morning to you as well. As you know, on the deal, we filed an appeal as we're required to do by our agreement, and that process is ongoing. As always, we're focused on our organic business, and we're operating from a position of strength. And our outperformance in the first quarter and the outlook we raised for the full year are further evidence of our disciplined brand building and the particular strength we're seeing at Coach. And I do want to recognize the talented teams across the globe at Tapestry who are driving these outstanding results. Together, we have a bold vision for our existing business and we have tremendous runway ahead. And our performance underpins our confidence in our organic growth potential. And our focus is on our largest value creation opportunities. Those are sustaining healthy growth at Coach, while reigniting growth at Kate Spade. And I'm happy to share our thinking on capital allocation. Of course, we're awaiting the outcome of the appeals process, which we're required to do. But in the meantime, I'll give you a little additional color on what Scott walked through on the call. In any scenario, we have foundational investments, and that includes investing in our organic business. And we have much more growth to unlock. And we have a commitment to maintaining our dividend with a goal of increasing it over time. Beyond these commitments, and to directly address your question in a deal break scenario, let me give you three overarching principles that highlight both our balance sheet flexibility and our focus on shareholder return. First, we're firmly committed to our long-term leverage ratio and our investment grade rating. Second, there is meaningful opportunity to resume share repurchases. This would be our immediate priority. Given our free cash flow generation, our growth prospects and our valuation, the buyback opportunity is extremely compelling. And third, strategic portfolio management. We will be disciplined with any actions. We continue to believe our platform can support more brands, and we look forward to proving that in the future. But to be clear, if this deal does not close, we do not expect any M&A in the near term. And before moving forward with M&A, we will ensure Coach remains strong and that we've returned to sustainable top line growth at Kate Spade. We are intensely focused on our existing business and we're confident that we have the creativity, the capabilities and the culture at Tapestry to drive continued success.
Bob Drbul: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, morning everyone. Two questions from me. I'll piggyback off of Bob's. Just understanding, Joanne, very clear on what you were explaining on capacity. Could you give us more specifics? Is it as simple as you guys were kind of annualizing around $700 million in buyback back when the deal was announced. You didn't buy back anything last year. You have nothing in your plan this year. Is it simple enough just to say if the deal did not go through, we should kind of take that number times two and that's what our expectation would be for the appetite. And then the follow up question is just on China, just kind of what you saw through the quarter, what's baked in for the second quarter and just any high-level thoughts on the region would be great.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Sure. Let me take the China question first and then I'll toss it to Scott to add some color on how we're thinking about share buyback. In Greater China, we landed and delivered a quarter at the top end of our guidance range at down 5. Our performance in the region is outpacing the industry. I was just there a couple of months ago, I know Todd was just there a couple of weeks ago. And we continue to invest in the region. We're investing in marketing and our products are resonating the brand purpose, the storytelling. We're delivering exceptional value into the market. And we did see sequential improvement as we moved through the quarter, and we saw that continue into Q2. And importantly, our digital trends were positive in the market. And I think that just speaks to how well our teams on the ground are meeting the customers where they are. They're agile. We've been in the market and I think it speaks to the level of understanding that we have of the customer and the investments we continue to make in our platform and our capabilities. We remain confident in the long-term opportunity in China and in Asia overall. And I'd love to talk it to Todd, but maybe I -- all right, yes. I'll toss it to Todd to give you a little bit more color on what he's seeing in China and then we'll toss it to Scott.
Todd Kahn: Thanks, Joanne. And we won't forget your question for Scott. We know how important that is to you. But in terms of China, we delivered a negative 3 in the quarter. That compares to the industry at double-digit over 20% drop. And as Joanne said to you, I've just come back from China. I spent a week there. I have come back more enthusiastic about China than I ever have been. And really, it comes down to our brand positioning of expressive luxury and the value and values that our brands stand for, really resonating with our target customer. And what I was very impressed with, I went to a small city called Wuxi, about two hours outside of Shanghai. When I say a small city, a city of over 7 million people, we have three stores there. We have the opportunity clearly to double our store count there, because we're not restricted by maybe places where only traditional European luxury will go. We're able to go where the young people are and our brand resonates. That story replicates itself in dozens of locations in China. So, I see over the next year and a half, two years, lots of distribution growth opportunity in China. So now let's get to that little question you have about stock buybacks to Scott.
Scott Roe: Yeah. I'm excited to talk about it, Ike. So, I'll start by just reminding you and everybody what Joanne said and just point to our results. I mean, we have a compelling organic story with gross profit, free cash flow and essentially zero net debt. So that means we've got a lot of capacity. And I guess, another contextual point that I would point to is some of the bright lines that we've established. So, we talked about remaining strong investment grade. That means a leverage target of less than two and a half times debt to EBITDA. But in this environment, we wouldn't push the upper limit of that boundary. But it does mean we have a lot of capacity. And some have asked, what vehicles are on the table, would we consider ASR or other things. Yeah, all vehicles are on the table. Should we be in a deal break scenario, then we'll come back with more specificity and give you better parameters around what that might look like.
Ike Boruchow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks. And congrats on a really nice quarter.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Matt.
Matthew Boss: So, Joanne, on market share gains at exceptional margins, which you cited at the Coach brand, could you elaborate on the drivers of outperformance relative to what you're seeing in the category over the past 12 months? And maybe if you could just speak to recent global demand trends that you're seeing. And then, Scott, gross margin. If you could just walk through the continued gross margin opportunities for the balance of this year, and then just how best to think about opportunities remaining multiyear.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. I'll kick it off, Matt, but also ask Todd to add a little bit of color on the Coach issues specifically. But as I look around the world and what we see in our business is very consistently a consumer that is choice and innovation and emotion, however, are continuing to win with consumers and you have to break through with emotion. We have to deliver value in the way of innovation, great quality and craftsmanship as we do and understand where the customers are, meet them where they are, and that's how we win. We've been very methodical at building the capabilities at Tapestry over time and investing behind our brands. And Coach is clearly winning. As you think about the category, the handbag and leather good category has been incredibly durable and resilient over decades. The category has grown mid single digits over decades. In the last quarter, we did see the category slow and decline in Q1, but again, in that context, Coach is clearly winning. We believe we can grow both now and into the future. And we would expect the handbag category again to resume historic growth rates over time. But even now we expect that we can grow in this environment and then we're building our business to be able to be even stronger as the category more fully recovers to historic growth rates. But I'm going to toss it to Todd to share what he's seeing at Coach.
Todd Kahn: Thanks, Joanne. And I'm going to elevate for a second and really talk about Coach and really and by extension how Coach and Tapestry have always excelled at logic. Coach, though, is at its best when the magic is equally strong. I believe we are at one of those moments. And let me give you two proof points which I think speak volumes. First, our own employees are buying the Brooklyn bag in droves, even though it's exempt from our traditional employee discount. And second, in my almost 17 years at Coach, I have never seen consumer demand for a new collection as I've seen for the New York collection with literally tens of thousands of clients registering at stores and online to quote, notify them when a particular colorway or size is back in stock. And the best part is we are not seeing the New York collection cannibalize the demand for our Tabby family. So, when you think about long-term sustainable growth, one, we're acquiring new customers who are younger. Two, they're transacting more frequently at higher AURs. Three, we're creating tested purpose led campaigns that resonate with our target consumers. And four, we've increased our funding for those campaigns to allow a true spike in sustained candidates. And finally, and maybe most importantly, we have meaningful platforms in our product assortment to continue this momentum for the quarters and years ahead. So, I am very bullish on our future now. We're going to stay very close to the consumer. And I think you had a follow up question on gross margin for Scott.
Scott Roe: Yeah. I got it. Boy, that's a great lead in though Todd, in terms of giving the context of why we have such confidence in long-term gross margin growth, but a little bit of shaping, Matt. So, remember what a quarter in Q1 for gross margin with 280 basis points. A couple things to remember. First of all, we did see some benefits from freight. It was highlighted in the prepared remarks about 60 bps in the quarter and we see that turning to a very modest negative and for the full year it's really not much of an impact. But that did benefit Q1. Also as expected, we know that there was some wholesale pressure in Q1 which abates as we go through the year. That's really just a timing year-on-year thing. But obviously that mix benefited us in Q1. That said, we expect gross margins to be up for the year, be the primary driver of our Op margin expansion of about 50 basis points. And remember in the shaping of the year the first half gross margin will be the driver of our profit gain. And as we get in the second half, we start to see more leverage on the SG&A side and that's a bigger contributor in the second half to up margin. And as you look at the structural drivers, I mean, Todd said it right AUR and AUC. AUR investing in the brand's brand heat and our continued ability to get price over time is on display right now. And AUC, which I still believe is one of the underappreciated drivers of gross margin as we use consumer insights in our world-class supply chain to drive efficiency, not cheapen the product, but to get more efficiency and lower the cost throughout the value chain. And that's an additional driver of gross margin that we see on an ongoing basis.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. Joanne, you spoke of a clear imperative for growth at Kate Spade. Can you diagnose the key reasons for its recent declines and then talk to a timeline for stabilizing these sales trends?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, thanks, Lorraine. We have a lot of confidence in the Kate Spade brand and the potential we see for the brand, and the opportunities we see are in brand building and really supporting the innovation that we're delivering. We have a clear bias for action. We are excited to welcome our new CEO, Ava, to the organization last month and she is the perfect leader for the organization with a proven track record of building global luxury brands and building sustainable results. We have set an important foundation at Kate Spade. We're seeing expanded gross margins and operating margins and that's important. We are introducing new product families that are resonating with the consumer. We need to reinforce this work and make those launches and that more impactful with brand building. We're also recruiting new customers to the brand. So, the foundation is there. We need to accelerate and improve our execution. Ava will be sharpening our long-term strategic roadmap as well as improving execution. And we're acting with urgency to impact the things that we can immediately impact, and we covered those a little bit in the call. But that includes marketing, our upper funnel marketing and how we reach and where we reach consumers as well as the storytelling behind the big ideas. We're also making changes on styling and editing our SKUs to be more focused. Those are some of the immediate actions we're taking and we're confident that we have a bright future ahead for Kate.
Scott Roe: And Lorraine, it's Scott, maybe just a quick build. We don't expect growth in this fiscal year. We would expect the trend that we're seeing right now to be more or less in line for the balance of the year. Just to be a little more specific.
Lorraine Hutchinson: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Binetti of Evercore.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking our questions here. So, I guess, just one modeling quick question. As you look at the -- it looks like there's about a $12 million drag on wholesale in the quarter. Scott, I think you referenced it for a second there. Maybe that it gets better through the year. But what was that? Is that just cycling the Amazon sell in and does that remain a drag for a couple quarters? Maybe just any context there. And then if we peel out that wholesale, it looks like Coach direct-to-consumer grew nicely. Are -- maybe just some context on whether the underlying full price and outlet stores are accelerating on an underlying basis?
Scott Roe: Yeah. Sure. You mentioned one of the factors. We did have the pipe fill last year in Amazon and frankly, Michael, it's just timing of orders and when products are dropping from a wholesale. So, I would say while it impacted the quarter there's no new news here. It doesn't represent a fundamental change in the breakdown of the business or any kind of change from a strategic standpoint. And as we look at the year, we'll see that wholesale will grow as will our direct-to-consumer. And I'll start and maybe throw it to Todd in terms of what we're seeing in terms of retail. But yeah, we did see nice growth in our omnichannel, particularly in the online channel in the first quarter, and we expect that to build and even stronger in the Coach brand when we look at the overall direct-to-consumer business. So, maybe, Todd, a little bit more there?
Todd Kahn: Yeah. Sure. Thank you, Scott. In the first quarter if I strip out the wholesale and the pipe fill from Amazon, Coach globally delivered 3% on constant currency. So, we did better in our direct business. We are seeing good trends through the year. Obviously, led by the Empire Collection, the New York Collection with Empire in Brooklyn and then, of course, the strength of Tabby. We're really seeing great growth in North America. And while we talked about AUR growth which again goes to brand health, we actually saw AUR growth across globally and in North America. So, we're very excited to see the reaction to our product offering. And again, I reinforce this customer acquisition vehicle through our purpose campaigns is the future fuel. So, as we continue to start bringing in new consumers to the Coach family, their lifetime value is so great. It really gives us long-term runway.
Michael Binetti: Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Lejuez of Citigroup.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. It's Tracy Cogan [ph] filling in for Paul. I just had a follow up on your comment on AUR. I think, Todd, you mentioned that it was up globally as well as in the US. And I was wondering if you could maybe give us a little more color on how that has varied regionally and what you're expecting for this year for AUR. Any quantification you can give. And then what's driving the AUR increases, how much of it is like for like increases versus adding maybe some bells and whistles to the product. Thanks.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. I mean, we had mid single digit growth and it was led globally, but it was led by North America. I foresee AUR growth continued throughout the year. It's really a little less about the bells and whistles. It's a couple things. As Scott mentioned and the unsung hero here, is some of how we're going to market. Obviously, we're discounting less. That's an important contributor to it and newness with Brooklyn and the Tabby demand that shapes our business in a different way. We're going to test and see some of the benefit of putting Tabby at full price in outlet. I think that's a driver. When we spend so much on upper funnel marketing and when the focal point is the Tabby bag, the consumer comes into all of our channels of distribution looking for that. And one thing we're learning more and more is consumers don't see channels, they see brand. So, when a consumer comes to Sawgrass Mills for the first time and maybe they're a tourist coming to that Miami area or Woodbury Commons and that's their one shopping experience, they're coming cellphone in hand with a picture of Tabby, they are prepared to pay full price and are so desirous of having that in that channel. So again, once you put everything in a customer centric lens, you see things very differently than the historic norms of our industry.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rick Patel of Raymond James.
Rick Patel: Thank you. Good morning. Can you talk about the shape of growth in North America? Q1 was down 1%. Guidance suggests potential for modest growth this year. Just curious if you can provide color on the progression of growth and the drivers of the implied sequential improvement.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, maybe I'll kick it off and talk it to Scott. But as we talked about, our trends in North America were in fact better than we expected in the first quarter. And we continue to use discipline in managing the business. I would say also we're driving higher gross margins, operating margins and profit dollars, while we're also acquiring new consumers to our brands. So we're operating with a great deal of discipline. The trend in the first quarter was impacted, as we just talked about, by the wholesale drag. And that's a headwind in the first quarter that doesn't repeat for the balance of the year. But maybe, Scott, the shaping of that.
Scott Roe: Well, I think you said it. Really, the underlying trend when you take out the noise from wholesale. And I'll remind you that this is a relatively small quarter too. Right? We do see slight growth balancing the year as wholesale comes back to normal, if I use that word, and the continued underlying direct-to-consumer trends go through the balance of the year.
Rick Patel: Thanks very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, first, just following up on the channel discussion for North America, did digital outpace brick and mortar for both retail and outlet? And then what are your current thoughts on the distribution footprint for North America, considering there appears to be some increasing product and consumer overlap between the channels. And then separately, Scott, tariffs topic back on the front burner. Can you just remind us of the China sourcing mix and the material changes over the past few years for bags and other categories, and just bigger picture how we should think about mitigation strategies. Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: So let me take your question on digital. Our digital -- I'll start with our direct business. Our omnichannel business did grow or was in line with last year and the first quarter. The digital growth offset a slight decline in our stores. So, our important focus is on meeting the customer where they are and our capabilities allow us to drive our business regardless of where the customer chooses to transact. These are key capabilities that I believe are a competitive advantage for Tapestry. We're well-positioned to meet the customer in digital spaces. That's what you saw in the quarter. And our focus continues to be on our omnichannel business. So, again, omnichannel in line with last year and our wholesale business as well, in line with last year. But international growth really driving that wholesale business. And importantly, globally, the wholesale growth in international is driven by digital and we grew in digital in China. So, this underpins the opportunities that we see to meet the customer where they are. We're moving quickly to meet the customer where they are, and we're acquiring new customers in this channel, which is also very important for our brands going forward. So, a big opportunity for us in customer acquisition. We're acquiring younger customers in these channels. The digital channel for us is accretive in margins to our total. So, those are all capabilities that are important today for our business, for our P&L, but also long-term for our brand.
Scott Roe: Yeah. And let me pick up the question, Mark, on tariffs. So, first of all, I'd say we benefit from having a diverse and agile supply chain. And my goodness, we've had so many disruptions and challenges that have forced us to make adaptions based on port strikes and freight lanes, whatever it might be, tariff regimes changing over time. So, we're pretty well versed in managing through this. We'll see what comes in terms of specific tariffs and other legislation that may come. And we're monitoring that closely and certainly prepared to react. I would point out one thing though. As it relates to China specifically, we have less than 10% of our overall sourcing comes out of China. And when you look at leather goods, it's really minimal. So, from an exposure standpoint, at least as it relates to China, that's really on a relative basis, not a big concern from our standpoint.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Dana Telsey of Telsey Group. Your line is open. Ms. Telsey, your line is open. You may want to check your mute switch.
Dana Telsey: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Joanne, as you think about the complexion of the brand and the growth opportunities go forward, given the state of the consumer, how do you think of the balance between introducing newness in core collections and also existing collections? And how do you see pricing evolving and the impact of margin given the current sourcing complex that Scott just mentioned? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Sure. I'll add my comments, but then toss it to Todd for a little bit of color on what's in fact been working for us in terms of adding newness, but also investing behind our icons. And that is a balance that we talk about and we manage. But the key is that we always have to deliver innovation even within our icons. And you see us building strength on strength in our icons at Coach. Tabby continues to get stronger because we're innovating on that platform. And the iconic original Tabby 26 continues to perform. And then, we're introducing as well newness and innovation that is also working and in fact becoming new pillars for the brand. So, as we think about AUR growth, it's a combination of this magic that Todd talked about of bringing the right product and the right innovation to market with the logic that we're bringing with consumer insights and understanding and all of the data and analytics we bring to bear across our assortment, and then the investments we're making in marketing and maybe I've stolen all of your thunder, Todd, but I'll talk it to you.
Todd Kahn: You left a little on the bone. So, I think it's very foundational. If we go back four or five years and Joanne and I were on this journey together, we cut the tail of sort of that very one off product, that is foundational to building a future. So, we really looked at how productive every SKU was and we recognized that the big families, a good bag is a good bag globally. So, once we started with that discipline, we then started adding the magic. And Tabby, if you remember, I sent it to you in FY '20, Tabby was starting to slow down. We invigorated the family first with pillow tapping. That reinforced it. So, we're very, very focused on keeping these large families not for a quarter, not for a monthly drop, but for years. We have to balance both the core, because there's still millions of customers who have not yet benefited by owning a core Tabby, which I am keen on selling them. And our marketing people will continue to focus that in our global marketing campaigns. And then, we have our creative teams led by Stuart Vevers, who really keeps very top and center fashion trends. And you can see that evident in the New York collection, which is a completely different aesthetic than Tabby. We joked initially, the New York bag, particularly the Brooklyn bag, didn't have the natural attributes of a great Coach bag. It's not adjustable. The functioning is not as robust as we often think of in a Coach bag. It's not structured. The branding is low key, yet it was exactly the right family for the time and our marketing campaigns. And just the pickup is so strong. So, now instead of just having a Tabby platform, a signature platform, we have this entire New York collection platform that again, will invite and allow more people at compelling prices to come into the Coach family.
Operator: And we'll move next to Aneesha Sherman of Bernstein.
Aneesha Sherman: Thank you. So, I'm hearing a lot of optimism on organic growth, especially on the Coach brand. And going back to your Investor Day in 2022, your guidance at the time was assuming growth in line with the market, which at the time was mid single digits. Given your increased optimism on customer acquisition and new growth, are you now expecting to grow top line above the market? And then I also have a second question around margin impact of your category mix, especially on Coach. You talked about the innovation pipeline, moving into ready to wear, into footwear, with the sneaker, et cetera. How do you think that's going to impact gross margins going forward? And is there an offset strategy for that? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. I'll start and then maybe toss it to Scott on some of your questions on category. But in terms of overall growth and growth versus the category, I think the reality is we are growing faster than the category right now. So, we see an opportunity for us to grow. This is a tremendous category that consumers have an emotional connection to. It has proven to be resilient and durable over time. We love the category we are in, and we have sharpened our execution within our category. And you see that with Coach. We have a tremendous amount of runway in the category to continue to grow Coach. Todd just talked about the opportunities, he's excited about. So, we've got a lot of runway at Coach in the category. And then, if you consider Kate Spade in the category as well, we see tremendous opportunity to continue to unlock growth in our organic business long-term. So, we're very optimistic. And then in terms of categories, I will say one thing about category growth and that is we see opportunity there. It will be incremental. And then I'll toss it to Scott to let you know how he's thinking about it.
Scott Roe: Yeah. That's really the point. I mean, like for like, we will continue to grow margins. The structural drivers AUR, AUC are there. Certain categories just have different and sometimes lower gross margins. But from an operating margin standpoint, certainly we would see that as accretive. And overall, we expect even with this category growth to maintain the exceptional margins that we enjoy today. That's our expectation.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A. Thank you. I will now turn it over to Joanne for some concluding remarks.
End of Q&A:
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, thank you for joining us and for your interest in our story. I want to leave you with three overarching messages today. One, we're operating from a position of strength which is reflected in our first quarter beat in raise. Two, Coach is strong and has momentum. Our brand building efforts and platform capabilities are working. And three, we are focused on our existing business and have competitive advantages that provide us with flexibility, ability to accelerate our organic growth and drive significant value creation. I'm confident in our future and I want to again thank our talented global teams for driving our success. Thanks again and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes Tapestry's earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-08-15 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our fourth quarter and year-end results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer, and Scott Roe, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website, www.tapestry.com/investors, and then view the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with highlights for Tapestry and our brands. Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities and our outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, our fourth quarter results exceeded expectations, capping a successful year. This is a testament to our passionate global teams whose creativity and exceptional execution continue to fuel our brands and business. They are navigating the current environment with focus and agility, while meaningfully advancing our long-term growth initiatives. Touching on the highlights of the fiscal year. First, we delivered total revenue growth of 1% on a constant currency basis, reflecting the benefits of our globally diversified business model. These top-line results were led by International growth of 6% at constant currency, with gains across key regions, including increases of 14% in Europe, 9% in Other Asia and 5% in Japan, which together represent nearly 20% of Tapestry sales with additional runway for growth. In Greater China, sales rose 3% for the year, as anticipated, which included declines in the second half as we anniversaried last year's strong growth of over 30%. Although the recovery in China has been more gradual than what we originally expected entering fiscal year '24, we continued to invest in our brands, teams and platforms to support our long-term strategic growth agenda in the region and with this important consumer cohort. And in North America, revenue declined 1% compared to last year, while profit rose, driven by gross and operating margin expansion. Second, we remained focused on building new and lasting relationships with consumers by cultivating emotional connections with our brands. During the year, we acquired over 6.5 million new customers in North America alone, of which over half were Gen Z and Millennials, consistent with our strategy to recruit younger consumers to our brands. And we continue to see new customers transact at higher AUR than the balance of our customer base. At the same time, we improved lapsed customer reactivation in North America, which highlights our ability to successfully engage our existing customer base as we drive new customer recruitment. Third, we delivered compelling omnichannel experiences, meeting and delighting our customers wherever they choose to shop. To this end, our global brick and mortar sales rose for the year on a constant currency basis. Importantly, this growth was driven by an increase in productivity across a fleet, which is highly profitable. In addition, we maintained our strong digital positioning with sales more than 3 times pre-pandemic levels, representing nearly 30% of revenue at accretive margins. Our digital business is powered by Tapestry's leading capabilities, which have enabled us to enhance the consumer experience across their purchase journey. Fourth, we fueled fashion innovation and product excellence as we remain focused on bringing the creativity, quality and compelling value required to win with consumers. Nowhere was this more evident than at Coach, where we delivered record annual revenue, including growth in handbags with AUR gains, underscoring the strength of our brand and product offering. Our success is also reflected in our strong gross margin delivery, as we achieved our highest annual gross margin in over 15 years. Overall, we generated record fiscal year earnings per share, which outperformed our expectations, growing at a double-digit pace compared to the prior year, while making strategic investments in our brands and business. Moving forward from this solid foundation, our organization is embracing even greater ambition for the future, reinforcing a culture of innovation and accountability. We are taking action to accelerate growth at Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, while building on the momentum of Coach, positioning us for long-term profitable growth. To this end, we've made two key changes to our executive leadership team. Sandeep Seth, CMO of Coach, has expanded his role to include a newly created position of Chief Growth Officer for Tapestry. Since joining Coach in 2021, he has been instrumental in working alongside Todd Kahn and Stuart Vevers in driving the brand's growth and evolution, including the successful launch of the expressive luxury repositioning. Sandeep will partner with me and our executive leadership team to strengthen the focus on growth across our portfolio, bringing deeper consumer insights into our strategies and building distinctive brand worlds. And earlier this month, we announced the appointment of Eva Erdmann as CEO and Brand President, Kate Spade, effective in October. Eva is a proven brand builder and transformative leader, and I look forward to welcoming her to the organization. Before turning to a discussion of our results in more detail, I'd like to address the pending acquisition of Capri. While we are confident that this combination remains an exceptional strategic fit, there is significant work to do to bring innovation to their brands and reinvigorate their business amid their disappointing decline in standalone results. We believe we're well positioned to execute our integration plans and growth strategies, and that the path to value creation is clear and compelling under our ownership, bringing meaningful benefits to our customers, employees, partners and shareholders around the world. With that, I'll now touch on results and go-forward strategies across each of our brands, starting with Coach. Coach continues to build strength on strength, highlighting the power of expressive luxury. Throughout the year, our teams fueled brand heat and desire, notably with younger consumers, enabling Coach to achieve record annual revenue, which surpassed $5 billion at exceptional margins with significant runway for growth ahead. Now touching on some details of the fourth quarter. With consumer insights at the heart of our work, our talented design and creative teams under Stuart Vevers' leadership once again delivered a range of innovative product offerings that distinguish the brand. To this end, we continued to drive growth in our handbag offering, led by our iconic platforms. The Tabby family delivered another quarter ahead of our expectations, over-indexing with new and younger consumers and nearly doubling versus last year. Quilted Tabby continued to outperform and we further expanded the family with the introduction of the Tabby Backpack. During the quarter, the success of Tabby earned it a coveted spot on the list, ranking third among the 10 hottest products globally and helping to secure Coach's position on the list index for hottest brands, where it was recognized for its unique ability to offer luxury experiences that are inclusive and attainable. Further, given the power and halo of Tabby and consistent with our goal of meeting consumers where they are, we broke the distribution paradigm through a test that brought Tabby 26 to over 100 outlet locations globally, selling at full price, and the test is exceeding our plan. Importantly, the learnings from this test are informing our broader strategies in fiscal '25 and beyond as we explore additional opportunities to scale innovative products and marketing campaigns across channels. Beyond Tabby, our heritage Willow and Rogue families remain foundational volume drivers. We also launched newness with the Juliet shoulder bag, while our viral sensation, The Coach Original Swing Zip continued to resonate strongly with Gen Z customers. Overall, Coach's growth in handbags and accessories outpaced the industry for the year, which included AUR gains globally and in North America, and we see further runway longer term given our innovation pipeline and brand heat. Touching on AUR details for the fourth quarter. Coach's global handbag AUR was even with prior year at constant currency impacted by geographic mix headwinds, while North America handbag AUR growth remained positive. Next, we continued to build out the lifestyle assortment, expanding the brand's reach with consumers with the goal of powering customer recruitment, purchase frequency and ultimately lifetime value. Footwear drove outsized gains driven by the continued success of the low line sneaker as well as the recently launched Brynn Sandal. In ready to wear, we achieved growth with traction in leather jackets, amplifying Coach's positioning as America's original house of leather. And in men's, we animated the League family with the flap, backpack and messenger styles leading with consumers. Turning to marketing, we remained focused on storytelling under the brand's purpose, Courage to be Real. As part of the strategy, this spring we launched the brand's Find Your Courage campaign, featuring Coach ambassadors that inspire consumers to embrace self-expression. By extending our top of funnel activations, we're creating continuous and meaningful conversations with consumers, building emotional connections with the brand and driving cultural relevance. Importantly, as a result of these efforts, we've seen significant gains in unaided awareness, consideration and purchase intent among Gen Z consumers, reinforcing that our strategies are working. Further, we launched unique and immersive retail experiences across the globe, highlighting our commitment to consumer engagement through experiences beyond product. We're also connecting with younger consumers through immersive platforms and virtual experiences in the world of gaming, with a recently debuted collaboration with Roblox and Zepeto in keeping with our goal of innovating in new spaces for the brand. Overall, our holistic brand building activities helped to drive increases in new customer acquisition as we welcomed approximately 4.2 million new customers to Coach this year in North America. This included over 1 million new customers in the fourth quarter, of which approximately 60% were Gen Z and Millennials. At the same time, we've seen significant gains in Google search trends in the US, a clear signal of the brand's momentum. As we enter a new fiscal year, our priorities are clear. We will continue to deepen our connection with consumers, grow leather goods, fuel gains across lifestyle with a focus on footwear, lead with purpose-led storytelling through high impact and sustained brand building campaigns, and expand retail experiences to bring expressive luxury to life through engaging the five senses. These pillars have driven our success and are the right strategies to take us into the future. In closing, Coach is an iconic brand driving modern relevance with brand momentum that is translating into strong financial results. Building on our record year, we are confident in the bright future ahead and our ability to drive healthy sustainable growth as we continue to bring this storied brand to a new generation of consumers. Now moving to Kate Spade. During the quarter, we continued to advance our strategies and reinforce our foundation for the future. While top-line results were challenged, profit once again rose significantly versus prior year, led by continued gross margin expansion and disciplined expense management. Moving forward, we are laser-focused on realizing the full potential of the brand. Importantly, as mentioned, I look forward to welcoming Eva to the organization this fall. She brings a deep understanding of the rapidly evolving consumer landscape and a demonstrated ability to cultivate desire, cultural relevance and passionate communities for distinctive luxury brands. I'm confident that Eva, working alongside the team in place, will enhance our execution to drive sustainable profitable growth. Now touching on our results of the quarter in more detail. First, we remain focused on strengthening the brand's core handbag offering through innovative product and distinctive brand codes. During the quarter, we expanded the Grace family and specialty along with the Phoebe and Spade Flower programs and outlet. These families are resonating with our target consumer and will represent foundational elements of our assortment going forward as our pipeline of newness continues to grow. We also recognize that to successfully drive our product strategies, we need to amplify these efforts through more comprehensive brand building initiatives, including holistic marketing campaigns that build engagement with the brand and its products. Turning to Kate Spade's lifestyle offering, which is a differentiator for the brand. During the quarter, we delivered growth in jewelry, driven by millennial and Gen Z recruitment as well as repeat purchasing and gifting. In addition, in June, we opened the brand's first dedicated jewelry location in London, a test which will provide learnings as we explore the opportunity for growth in the category. Second, we powered the omnichannel experience to drive customer engagement. As you know, in fiscal year '24, we launched a katespadeoutlet.com site, replacing the brand's surprise site and providing a better experience for outlet consumers to discover and shop the brand online. The outlet digital channel grew in the quarter with growth in both new and existing customers at higher margins. Third, we remain focused on creating emotional marketing to fuel brand relevance and heat. During the year, we acquired nearly 2.3 million new customers in North America, including nearly 500,000 new customers during the fourth quarter. Accelerating this progress will be key to our success. To this point, we will continue to distort our investment to top- and mid-funnel marketing to support brand building and growth, particularly with younger audiences, where we are seeing unaided awareness improve with Gen Z consumers. Finally, throughout the year, we maintained a commitment to operational excellence, which underpin the brand's meaningful gross margin and profit expansion. This is structural to our business and an integral part of our go-forward strategy. Turning to our strategic initiatives for fiscal year '25, we have a clear imperative for growth. To achieve this, in the year ahead, we will fuel brand heat to drive consideration and accelerate customer acquisition, strengthen the core handbag foundation, grow lifestyle and maximize the omni channel opportunity. Overall, Kate Spade is a unique and purpose-driven brand with distinctive position in the marketplace and significant expansion opportunities. Its mission of bringing joy to consumers around the world is powerful and we continue to have a relentless drive to deliver sustainable profitable growth. Now turning to Stuart Weitzman. Our results for the year were challenged, significantly impacted by external pressures in the brand's two key markets of North America and Greater China. Despite disappointing financial results, we continued to focus on brand-building initiatives to drive awareness, growth and profitability long term. Touching briefly on our focus areas across product and marketing. During the quarter, we expanded our assortment of sophisticated casual styles, highlighted by momentum in flats. Additionally, we continued to extend the brand's reach through gains in new and emerging categories, including men's and handbags. Importantly, new innovation is driving traction at wholesale with the business growing double-digits at POS in North America in Q4. Further, order bookings through the Spring '25 season are up over 30% to last year. This will support an improvement in revenue and profitability trends in the year ahead. Finally, during the quarter, we remained focused on driving brand relevancy through emotional storytelling in keeping with the brand's ethos of inspiring strength and confidence. Overall, we saw an increase in aided awareness, Google search and social engagement in the US for both the quarter and the year, which represent leading indicators of stronger business results in the future. Looking ahead to fiscal year '25, the Stuart Weitzman team is prioritizing fueling brand relevancy with emotional storytelling, growing their icons and key item platforms while further expanding casual and new categories and accelerating growth in wholesale where there's clear traction. Overall, we see long-term potential for the brand with an empowered team focused on delivering improved top- and bottom-line performance. In closing, Tapestry delivered record full year earnings per share, outperforming expectations and once again demonstrating the power of brand-building, customer-centricity and operational excellence. I want to reiterate my gratitude to our incredible teams globally who continue to drive our success. From this position of strength, we have a bold vision for the future. We know that the landscape is rapidly evolving. Consumers have an incredible amount of choice, and they're exercising those choices every day. We also know that the most successful brands are winning on innovation and emotion. And in this environment, we're well positioned to compete and win. Beyond our organic growth opportunities, there is a clear and compelling path to value creation through the acquisition of Capri, leveraging our platform and leadership to bring meaningful benefits to customers, employees, partners and shareholders around the world. Importantly, we also understand that all great visions require great execution. The year ahead will again require agility and adaptability, controlling the factors we can and managing our business responsibly to drive long-term growth. While we are not immune to macroeconomic and other external factors, we can define our own destiny, given our distinctive brands, talented global teams and strong cash flow. These differentiators provide us with strategic and financial flexibility to continue to deliver enhanced value in fiscal year '25 and for years to come. I'll now turn it over to Scott.
Scott Roe: Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. Looking back at our results for the fiscal year, our commitment to disciplined growth remains on display. We drove an increase in constant-currency revenue, expanded gross margin 250 basis points while investing in future growth drivers for our brands and business and grew EPS at 11% versus last year to a record earnings per share of $4.29. Now moving to the details of the fourth quarter, beginning with revenue trends on a constant-currency basis. Sales were in line with the prior year and above our guidance for the quarter. These results were led by growth internationally on top of strong double-digit gains from the prior year. By region, Europe grew 26% above last year with strength across channels, including higher spend from local consumers and tourists. In Other Asia, revenue rose 12% with notable growth in Malaysia, Australia and Korea. And in Japan, sales grew 2% with an increase in Chinese consumer spend. In Greater China, revenue declined 10% as anticipated, as we lapped 50% growth a year-ago and continued to navigate a more challenging consumer backdrop in the region. Importantly, and despite these headwinds, we did continue to drive growth in digital channels. In North America, sales declined 1% compared to the prior year, amid a challenging consumer backdrop, while both gross and operating margin rose significantly versus last year as we supported long-term brand health. Now touching on revenue by channel for the quarter. Our direct-to-consumer business decreased 2%, amid our overall declines in North America and Greater China, while wholesale grew as expected, increasing 14%. Moving down the P&L, we delivered our strongest fourth quarter gross margin in over 15 years, beating our expectations and expanding 250 basis points versus prior year. This year-over-year expansion was driven by operational outperformance, a benefit of approximately 90 basis points from lower freight expense as well as FX tailwinds. SG&A rose 3%, including the previously disclosed timing shift of $20 million from the third quarter into Q4, which primarily related to marketing. Importantly, we continue to tightly control costs, while making ongoing strategic investments in our brands, people and business platforms. So, taken together, operating margin declined approximately 40 basis points in the quarter. And our fourth quarter EPS of $0.92 exceeded our expectations with roughly half of that beat due to operational upside and half due to a lower tax rate. Now turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the year with $7.2 billion in cash and investments and total borrowings of $7.2 billion, which reflects the bond financing related to the planned acquisition of Capri of $6.1 billion as well as the early paydown of the company's $450 million term loan in the fiscal fourth quarter. Free cash flow for the year was an inflow of over $1.1 billion, or $1.3 billion excluding deal-related costs. CapEx and implementation costs related to cloud computing for the fiscal year were $144 million. Inventory levels at year-end were 10% below the prior year, reflecting both strong inventory control as well as a shift in receipt timing into our fiscal '25 first quarter. Looking forward, our inventory is well-controlled and current, and we continue to leverage the benefits of our supply chain, navigating the Red Sea disruption with only modest impact. While we expect inventories to be elevated in Q1 due to higher-end transits, the full year is expected to end modestly above prior year levels. Turning to our dividend program. For the fiscal year, we returned $321 million to shareholders through the dividend at an annual rate of $1.40 per share, a 17% increase compared to last year and a dividend payout ratio equal to 39% on a reported basis. Now moving to our guidance for fiscal year '25 on a non-GAAP basis. We've taken a prudent approach to our outlook, balancing the realities of the external environment with the opportunities we see for our business. It's important to note that we view this as our baseline. It does not incorporate any accretion related to the pending acquisition of Capri. For the fiscal year, we expect revenue in the area of $6.7 billion, representing growth compared to the prior year on a reported basis, including approximately 50 basis points of currency pressure. On a constant-currency basis, revenue is expected to increase approximately 1% versus the prior year, consistent with the trend in fiscal year '24. Touching on sales details by region at constant currency. We expect mid-teens growth in Europe and mid-single-digit gains in Other Asia, with North America, Greater China and Japan each planned in the area of prior year. In addition, our outlook assumes operating margin expansion in the area of 50 basis points versus last year. We anticipate gross margin to expand approximately 40 basis points due to operational improvements. Freight is expected to have a negligible impact on gross margin changes in fiscal year '25. On SG&A, we expect expenses to be roughly in line with the prior year, representing slight leverage. Importantly, we're continuing to diligently control costs while investing in our highest impact growth initiatives. For modeling purposes, you can expect corporate expenses to decline versus prior year and drive leverage. Moving to the below the line expectations for the year. Net interest income is expected to be approximately $20 million, which incorporates the fourth quarter paydown of our $450 million term loan and the yield on our growing cash balances with some rate cuts assumed throughout the year. The tax rate is expected to be approximately 19% and our weighted average diluted share count is forecasted to be in the area of 238 million shares. So taken together, we project EPS of $4.45 to $4.50, representing mid-single-digit growth compared to last year. And bridging versus our fiscal 2025 EPS target previously provided at our Investor Day in 2022, our guidance incorporates a negative impact of $0.35 related to the suspension of share repurchase activity due to the proposed acquisition of Capri, as previously outlined, and an estimated currency headwind of approximately $0.20. Finally, before contemplating any deal-related costs, we anticipate free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion, and we expect CapEx and cloud computing costs to be in the area of $190 million. We expect around two-thirds of the spend to be related to store openings, renovations and relocations with the balance primarily related to our ongoing digital and IT investments. Touching on shaping for the year, we expect constant-currency sales to be flat in the first half of the year, with modest growth planned in the back half of the year as we anniversary easier compares in Greater China. In Q1 specifically, we expect constant-currency sales to be down in the area of 2%, due primarily to lower wholesale shipments in North America in the quarter, which is timing for the year as well as mid to high single-digit decline in Greater China. On a reported basis, we expect revenue to be down approximately 3%, including FX headwinds. As mentioned, we expect gross margin expansion for the year, led by the first half with the most significant improvement planned in Q1, benefiting from operational tailwinds. SG&A dollars are expected to be roughly flat with last year in both the first and second halves of the year, including in Q1. We anticipate leverage planned in the back half on the expected growth in revenue. Net interest income is anticipated for the first half with net zero impact planned for the second half, which assumes rate cuts as discussed. Taken together, we expect balanced EPS growth of mid-single-digits for both the first and second halves with Q1 forecasted to approach $0.95. Now to outline our capital allocation priorities looking forward, which are unchanged. First, we will invest in our brands and businesses to support sustainable growth. Second, we will utilize our strong free cash flow for rapid debt repayment. We're committed to maintaining a solid investment-grade rating. To this end, we're confirming our long-term leverage target of less than 2.5 times on a gross debt to adjusted EBITDA basis and expect to achieve that within two years of the Capri transaction close. And finally, we will return capital to shareholders through our dividend. Importantly, we believe our strong cash flow profile provides us with further opportunity for investment and capital return. Following the achievement of our leverage target, over time, we expect to increase our dividend with the goal of achieving our stated target payout ratio of 35% to 40% and see the opportunity to resume share repurchases in the future. Before closing, I'd like to touch on the acquisition of Capri. Since we announced the deal a year ago, the Capri business has been significantly pressured, reporting disappointing results. Having said that, it remains an excellent strategic fit and value creation opportunity. First, we continue to believe these are iconic brands with long-term growth potential. Second, as time has progressed, we've developed growing conviction in the opportunities for synergies, adapting our integration planning and strategies. In addition, over the course of the year, Tapestry's standalone business has outperformed and we expect this to continue. Therefore, in looking at the full picture, the deal remains compelling despite more near-term headwinds than expected. Importantly, we expect EPS accretion on an adjusted basis in year one, enhanced cash flow, compelling ROIC and are firmly committed to achieving our stated leverage target in 24 months post-close. In closing, we delivered a successful year advancing our strategies and building on our track record of operational excellence to drive double-digit EPS gains and strong free cash flow against a dynamic backdrop. Moving forward, we continue to focus on controlling the controllables, remaining agile and committed to driving healthy, sustainable growth and shareholder returns, leveraging the power of our operating model and talented global teams. I'd now like to open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Bob Drbul: Hi. Good morning, and congratulations on a strong year at Tapestry. When you look at your results in comparison to Capri's recently, given that underperformance, can you just talk about your commitment to the deal and your thinking? Has it changed around the level of financial returns? I know you spoke to it a bit, Scott, but I was wondering if you guys could expand a little bit more. Thanks.
Scott Roe: Joanne, you're muted.
Operator: And it does appear that Joanne has disconnected from the call.
Scott Roe: Okay. Let me jump in here, Bob, and just take the second part of your question first. On Capri's standalone results, yeah, you're right, the level of underperformance that they have announced is disappointing and surprising, frankly, particularly as it relates to the flow-through to profitability and cash flow. But this is really an execution opportunity. I hope you see that what we've displayed within our business is agility and the ability to get after expenses and right-size and we see this as a real opportunity. But with that, just notably to pick on the biggest brand or to point out the biggest brand, Michael Kors, despite all these declines in top-line and profitability, it's still a business that has an operating income in the high teens. Second, on the combination, as we said in the prepared remarks, it's still a strong strategic fit. But let me be clear, and financially, the metrics, it is accretive to our baseline EPS, offers double-digit ROIC over our planning horizon, and we're firmly committed to hitting our deleverage targets and maintaining investment-grade even despite the results that have been recently printed. And lastly, as you think about our approach to integration, I mean, I guess one advantage of having this time as we've gone through the FTC process is we've had even more time for integration planning, for doing outside analysis. And based on that, our conviction over the synergies continues to increase. We have even more conviction on what this combination means from a synergy standpoint. So that...
Joanne Crevoiserat: Hey, Scott?
Scott Roe: Yeah, go ahead.
Joanne Crevoiserat: I'm sorry about that technical glitch. I am back on the call, so I appreciate it. And to add, Bob, to the points that Scott was making, we do have conviction, but I wanted to touch for a minute on our results because you did mention the contrast in our results versus theirs. So, I think the results we delivered today where I know the results speak to our focus on brand-building, consumer centricity and the excellent execution that our teams are delivering. And I do want to remind you that we delivered the highest gross margin in the company in over 15 years. We delivered double-digit EPS growth and strong free cash flow, and we have momentum at our largest brand, Coach. And as we scan the landscape today, we know that companies and brands that are innovating and executing are winning, and you see that in our results. So that puts us in a position of strength, and it underpins our confidence in the path ahead. And to your question on the acquisition, I know Scott took us through the numbers and how we're thinking about accretion, but this combination remains an excellent strategic fit. And we see compelling long-term value creation opportunity under our ownership. To your point, their standalone results have been surprising and disappointing to us. Our priority is to reinvigorate the business and we believe we're well positioned to do that. These are iconic brands, and to drive growth will bring a stronger focus on the consumer to deliver more innovation and more relevance, and these are areas that we have a proven ability to execute. And as Scott covered the financials, we have a realistic understanding of the financials and confidence in our ability to execute and drive value creation long-term with this transaction.
Bob Drbul: Great. Thank you very much. Good luck with it.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hey. Good morning, everyone. So, similar to Bob, just a question around the deal. I guess just, Scott, you kind of alluded to it to Bob's question and on the prepared remarks about synergies. I mean, is it fair to say, we're about a year into this, have you done enough work to believe that there's upside to the synergy target you guys initially guided to should the deal go through? And then, just a quick follow-up would be, what is -- if the deal does not go through, can you just help us understand what is Plan B for you guys in terms of operations, your balance sheet and use of cash? We just kind of love to know how you guys are thinking through the different scenarios. Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Maybe I'll kick it off, Ike, and then pass it to Scott again. We do have both strategic and financial strength and flexibility at Tapestry. We have multiple paths to value creation. Using your words, Plan A is this transaction and the deal is compelling and a significant value creation opportunity for us as I just outlined. But equally important is we entered this transaction from a position of strength. We have a growing organic business, strong earnings delivery and significant cash flow that allows for us to invest in our business and our brands and return capital. So, maybe I'll pass it to Scott to add any details on our capital allocation priorities.
Scott Roe: Yeah, sure. So, while Plan A is our priority, should we find ourselves in the Plan B scenario, a couple of things I'd just remind you of Ike. So first of all, our free cash flow strength, and if you look over the year just reported and our guidance for this year kind of averaging in that $1.2 billion from free cash flow, think of that as an ongoing baseline for the underlying profitability of the business, a little over $300 million in dividends, $325 million. That gives us more than $800 million of excess cash, which can be deployed against those capital allocation priorities. And should we find ourselves in that situation and given the current valuation, obviously, buybacks are a pretty compelling option for us to consider in that four-lens framework. The other question you asked me was synergies. I'm not prepared to give you a number. I would just reiterate what I said that more than $200 million, we have even more conviction. So, you can assume that means that we're looking at potentially even more synergies from this deal. Upon closing, we'll come back and give you more illumination on what that looks like.
Ike Boruchow: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Boss of JPMorgan.
Matt Boss: Great. Thanks. So, Joanne, could you elaborate on current health of the Coach brand in North America? Maybe any changes in customer behavior in the category that you've seen so far in the first quarter? And just how current trends have shaped your view for 2025 in the region? And then quickly for Scott, on gross margin, I guess, how best to think about AUR opportunity or any change in the promotional landscape that you've embedded in your 2025 plan?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Hey, Matt. I'll touch on the consumer, but then toss it to Todd maybe for a few comments on Coach. We couldn't be more confident and excited about the positioning of Coach, but I won't steal Todd's thunder. As we look at the consumer, we're seeing consistency from what we've seen really in the last few quarters, and that's a consumer that's choiceful. What we see in the market is that innovation and emotion continue to win and that puts heightened importance on brand execution and brand heat, where we're meeting the high bar -- that customers' high bar for innovation, we're winning. We talked about the consumer acquisition in the quarter, 1.6 million customers, in the year, 6.5 million new customers to the brand. And we continue to invest in brand building and innovation to ensure we're cutting through with consumers and winning. Where we're doing that, we're seeing the consumer respond. We see it across channels and across income cohorts. So, a continuation really of what we've been seeing, particularly in North America. But Todd, do you want to touch on Coach?
Todd Kahn: Yeah, thanks. First, in North America, Coach delivered slight growth in the fourth quarter, and it was -- at incredible margins, and it was led by our retail full price business. When you scale out for a second, there are very, very few brands that are at our level of volume that are growing, that deliver 76%-plus gross margin, and just to refresh your recollection, that's 600 basis points above FY '19. And when you get to the reasons why, we can do that because of four overarching attributes. First, expressive luxury is working with our myopic focus on timeless Gen Z. Second, product innovation. Product innovation is just incredible. You see it with Tabby. You may have noticed a recent bag we launched called Brooklyn. Brooklyn is part of the New York family. It is -- has a very different attitude than Tabby, and it's incremental. And around the shop, we like to say no sleep till Brooklyn, New York becomes the next Tabby family. And lastly, the compelling storytelling in our marketing coupled with what really is our underlying strength. We have a team of operators who know how to be commercially successful. And that bodes well for Coach's future, but it also bodes well for the bench we're creating for Tapestry's future.
Scott Roe: And a very brief add to your specific question as it relates to what's driving gross margin, it's really the structural drivers that you saw on display in the year just closed, continue into next year. Yeah, AUR is a part of that. Also AUC as we continue to find efficiencies throughout the supply chain and that's probably an underappreciated part of our gross margin story as we think about structural advantages going forward.
Matt Boss: Great. Best of luck.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. I wanted to touch on Kate Spade for a minute. You spoke of a need to amplify the efforts there through holistic marketing campaigns. Does this imply a need for further investment to fuel a turnaround, or do you think you can continue the margin progress as you turn sales?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning, Lorraine. We expect to build on the foundation that we've set over the last few years and our focus is really to accelerate the growth in the top-line. As we said in our prepared remarks, Kate is a unique brand. It has a distinctive positioning in the marketplace. And the opportunities we see to expand the top-line are very clear. We have a clear imperative for growth from here through brand building. And as we talked about, it's not just about bringing the innovation, which is required for -- from consumers today, we have to bring the innovation, but we also have to cut through with holistic marketing and brand building. We are investing in the brand. So, even as we're delivering higher gross margins, operating margins and profit dollars, which we did in fiscal '24, we're doing that while investing in the brand. So, you'll see us continue to invest in the brand, but also continue to expand margins as we work to improve the top-line performance of the brand. And we look forward to welcoming Eva in October.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Brooke Roach of Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Good morning, and thank you for taking our question. I was hoping we could touch on China. Can you elaborate on the health of your brands in the China marketplace? What you're seeing in the quarter-to-date period? And perhaps outline the most important drivers of a return to growth within your outlook into the second half?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, we are building and continue to drive a healthy business. That's been our focus not only in China, but around the world and I think evidenced in our margin delivery that continues at Tapestry, but like many others, we're seeing macro headwinds impacting the landscape. Despite this, we did grow in fiscal '24. And as we think about the forward view, we are expecting the market to be basically in line in fiscal '25 with where it was in '24. But we -- our long-term view on China and the opportunity that exists in that market has not changed. We're taking a prudent approach in the short term in how we're planning and in our guidance, but we continue to stay close to the consumer. Our teams are moving as that consumer is moving. We're building the business in a very healthy way in the market. And maybe I'll toss it to Todd to give some color around what we're seeing at Coach specifically.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne, and good morning, Brooke. Building on what Joanne said, we are very, very bullish on the mid- and long-term view on China. And we still see that as our best opportunity by region for meaningful growth. And what I particularly like is where the Coach brand is positioned. As we've seen traditional European luxury soften in China, our relevancy, we're getting -- we're giving that consumer an incredible value at a very fashionable -- with a very fashionable product. I'd say sometimes we don't need China to create 10 million millionaires. We need China to provide us with 10 million people that can buy a $500 bag. That's a materially different space. And we're -- so I see over the coming years, productivity gains, and I also see real opportunities for distribution gains in second- and third-tier cities where again we show up so well. We're very relevant to the consumer. We're very focused on their desire. So, I'm very, very bullish on China over the long term.
Brooke Roach: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Binetti of Evercore ISI.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Congrats on a great quarter. Just a quick one on AUR and another question. Just you said flat in the quarter, but it was largely geography mix. Maybe where you're seeing the pressure? How durable you think those pressures are? And if there's a path to AUR being up in totality in '25? And then, on the gross margin, just to unpack it a little bit more, nice increase in fourth quarter. I think you said of the 250 basis points, 90 basis points was freight. Maybe how much of it was FX? And then, what goes away as we roll into fourth quarter, what comes back? And you said the first quarter will be -- will expand the most from I think, Scott, you said operational tailwinds. Maybe just double-click on that and where you see the opportunity from here for the Coach brand multi-year, given the record levels?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, I'll start at a high level, but briefly. What supports AUR, excuse me, is the innovation and the investments we're making in brand building. And we see that today and where we're delivering that innovation, we're winning and our brand building efforts are paying off. We're acquiring new customers and younger customers importantly. And those customers are coming into our brands and at higher AUR and strong margins. So, those investments that we're making are paying off. The work that we do is structural to our business and I'm staying close to the consumer leveraging data, but it's that balance of magic and logic that we continue to bring. That's structural. And that's what gives us confidence in the future for both gross margin and AUR. But Todd, I don't know if you want to make some comments about Coach specifically.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. You touched on so many important things, but I understand when you look at it and we love celebrating that we had the highest sales in our history and exceeded $5 billion. And 11 years ago was the last time we exceeded $5 billion or just touched on it. We're doing it in such a brand healthy way today. You see it in our gross margin. You see it in our commitment under our, what we call, Coach-genomics to put our -- that gross margin to work, reducing our non-marketing SG&A and putting it in marketing to do exactly what Joanne just said, bring in a relevant younger new customer who experiences the brand at -- with a lot of brand heat and a lot of elevation. So, I see our path forward to be really robust. We're going to do it in a careful, measured way. We're not driving sales for sales sake. We're going to do it with great gross margin and with a real view to continue to sustain long-term growth.
Scott Roe: And Michael, I think you were asking me in the four quarter, what was FX? It was about 60 bps or so favorable. So, 100 basis points of operational growth in the quarter, and that was really what drove our outperformance versus our expectation. So, those structural drivers are largely in place. As we look at next year, we guided to 40 bps for the full year. We expect to see a little bit stronger in the first half. We got a little bit of freight as a positive in the first half that turns a bit negative in the second half and similar on the FX. So, the important thing to me is the operational benefits that we've seen in gross margin continue and that's really the AUR, AUC that I referenced earlier on an ongoing basis.
Michael Binetti: Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: And our next question is from Rick Patel of Raymond James.
Rick Patel: Again, congrats on the great progress. For Coach, can you unpack the trends that you're seeing at full price versus outlet? It sounds like you're selling -- you're doing a really good job selling full price product at outlet. So, I'm curious how we should think about the opportunity to lean into that versus what might be a more choiceful consumer shop in that channel.
Todd Kahn: Sure. Again, we're seeing progress in all our channels. So, when -- and one of the things we're doing, as you noted from the -- from what we're doing with the Tabby bag in outlet is we're blurring the line because the consumer is channel agnostic. They don't see outlet and retail the way we in the industry have historically seen it. When we spend 9% on marketing, a lot of it on upper funnel, particularly focused on families like Tabby, that consumer is walking into our outlet stores and they want the Tabby back. That's their -- that might be their best store in that community that might be -- they maybe a tourist traveling and that's the only visit they make for shopping and they want Tabby. So, we want to meet them where they're at, and of course, we're selling it at full price. So, we're excited by this opportunity. We're doing with Tabby now. We're going to extend it to a number of other brands. In fact, the Brooklyn bag that I mentioned, next month, you'll see it in select outlets as well. So, I think the long-term opportunities of blurring the line providing great value across all our entire fleet. And by the way, we're not just doing this in North America. We've been doing this in China for a while very successfully. So, I see this as the next big unlock for us. And in the coming quarters, we'll talk more and more about it as we get the momentum behind it.
Rick Patel: Thanks very much.
Todd Kahn: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is from Aneesha Sherman of Bernstein.
Aneesha Sherman: You mentioned your capital allocation priorities, and the first one being brand investment. So, as you think about the portfolio of six brands that you hope to have next year, can you talk a little bit about which brands would be priorities for investment, and if they're relevant, geographies, so which brands and which geographies are priorities for brand investment? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah, we -- I appreciate the question. We evaluate our investment with any capital allocation decision we make with a lot of rigor, understanding the value-creation opportunities we see. And so, you see that in how we've been managing our business at Tapestry, and we would expect to continue to invest in our brands. Our focus is ensuring that we're driving investment behind the brands in marketing. We're being very rigorous on any non-brand-building SG&A. We have and -- we have, I think, competitive advantage through our technology and digital capabilities and we continue to foster those, so that we can meet our customer where they are. And that's globally. Our data and analytics capabilities have been recently rolled out around the world in different regions, so that we have access to the data tools as well. So, those are the places that we invest. And increasingly, we see an opportunity to invest more in our store fleet, which I think you touched on a bit in our capital allocation with two-thirds of the capital we expect to invest in the next fiscal year in brick-and-mortar in expansion and relocation and remodel of our stores. So, we have, as I said, a rigorous process and an understanding of where we see and expect returns from those investments. And geographically, we are -- we definitely see opportunity in Asia, both in China over time, and we're staying close to the consumer there and making sure we understand where our brands need to show up in that region. But also Other Asia and Japan and Korea, like that market is growing in penetration and strong growth there. And we've had success in Europe, as you've seen by our results. So that's not to leave out North America. We continue to find great opportunities to expand the brand. So, I would say that we're investing in brand building first and in distribution, and we'll continue to monitor and deliver, put our money behind the investments that we see driving the best returns for our brands and our business.
Aneesha Sherman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. First, just one more on the deal, for Scott. It sounds like expectations for year one accretion have moderated a bit in light of the recent performance at Capri. Could you expand upon some of your underlying assumptions today for year one, the -- on synergized EBITDA, free cash flow and path to the target leverage ratios? And then separately, just regarding the guidance for fiscal '25, guiding to about 50 bps of EBIT margin expansion, it sounds like some leverage in corporate expense embedded in that. As we think about the balance there, any further color as we think about the opportunity at Coach versus Kate? Obviously, Coach, the largest business. So, Q4, we actually saw some margin compression at Coach, first time I think in about seven quarters, while the expansion at Kate was rather significant. So just wondering if there's anything to take away from that as we build-out our model for '25. Thank you.
Scott Roe: Yeah. Let me hit the last part of that real quick because it is a quick one, right? So remember, we had some timing between Q3 and Q4 on expenses, and we said it was related primarily to marketing and it was primarily at Coach. So, there's no news there in Q4 margin. We see a continued path on the -- what I would say, our exceptional margin performance at Coach. And that is not an indication of a trend. It's really just timing between the quarters. And we expect margins at Coach to remain at their exceptional levels and see opportunities to continue to invest and grow gross margins. So, as it relates to the Capri business, you're not wrong. Obviously, as I said and Joanne said in our prepared remarks, we're disappointed and a bit surprised at the flow-through, which all that means is your starting point is a little different and we see execution opportunities that frankly, we know how to get after and that made us reevaluate what that first 12 months looks like. That doesn't really change the destination. And hopefully, you heard that in our collective comments. We still see a very compelling value-creation opportunity. But as we run various scenarios based on where we see the starting point on the current results, we are still confident in accretion, but the exact level of that accretion will be back on closing the deal and give you more granularity there. One other thing too, as it relates to the deal, I said it earlier, but I just want to reiterate because it's important. Don't forget the underlying Tapestry business, which is running a bit ahead of our expectations in profit and cash flow, and also my comments around our increasing conviction around the synergies. So, you got to look at this holistically on the combined entity as you think about the long-term path and the returns. And that collectively is what gave the confidence on the earlier reiteration of the metrics that I laid out in the prepared remarks.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is from Oliver Chen of TD Cowen.
Oliver Chen: Hi, thank you. I'm curious more broadly on the platform of Tapestry. Kate and Stuart have been works in progress. Just what gives you conviction that, that Kors will work, and any analogies from your experiences improving other brands relative to what you're going to do? And second, on Coach, what's happening with pricing with respect to good, better, best and like-for-like? It sounds like Tabby is incremental in terms of adding that to the outlet assortment? And any thoughts on the health and pricing leverage in China relative to the US? They're both pretty dynamic markets with some macro headwinds as well. Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: So, I'll start with Michael Kors. And what we're seeing in our business and what our platform has been delivering is delivering brand building. And you can see that with Coach and it's a clear example. We have important learnings as we've built the momentum in Coach. Brands win, as you know, Oliver, on emotion and innovation. And as it relates to Michael Kors, we do a lot of outside-in work, including we're doing deep consumer research. And as we've talked to consumers, we've learned that they see Michael Kors as an iconic and distinctive brand. There is a lot of love among consumers for the brand. And what we hear is that the expression of that brand has lost relevance for today's consumer. Under our ownership, we believe we can reinvigorate that through the brand-building efforts and leveraging our platform. It starts with a clear understanding of the target consumer. It's about innovating product and marketing and accelerating growth through direct channels. These are all leveraging the benefits of the Tapestry platform from our consumer insights capabilities to our supply chain to our tech stack. And as we said, we're developing integration process -- developing the integration plans and we have an increasing conviction in the synergy estimates. So, we see a lot of value to unlock and definitely see the opportunity to leverage Tapestry's capabilities to bring that to bear. On the Coach...
Todd Kahn: As it relates to...
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah, go ahead, Todd.
Todd Kahn: Sorry. No, thanks. Sorry. Hi, Oliver. In terms of Coach, good-better-best, I think what you've seen us do in the last four years has really raised the floor for us. And we like our positioning. We like the sweet spot of $200 to $500 bags, that range. We have offerings across the spectrum. We have bags for $1,000 and we have opening price point bags. So again, we play in a wide, wide range. We know the consumer has hundreds of choices. We have to win with innovation, which we're doing. You see it with the Tabby extensions. And again, I go back to the New York family. We just launched this Brooklyn bag, and it's incredible. We haven't even started our campaign yet and every week, we're being -- we see our sell-out in different colorways. So, it gives me a lot of good feeling about where we're playing. As it is -- as you reflected China, again, we offer incredible value in China as compared to traditional European luxury. So, I like our brand positioning. We're going to measure -- be measured on AUR growth, particularly in China. We're going to continue to watch the market. And we want to go after and really be the most relevant brand we can be in that market. So, I'm excited by our future and I'm excited by how well we're competing.
Operator: Thank you.
Christina Colone: So, I think that is our last question. And I'll turn it over to Joanne for some closing remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Christina, and thank you all for joining us and for your continued interest in our story. As we shared today, we delivered a successful year and are operating from a position of strength. We enter our new fiscal year with a bias for action and growth and will remain maniacally focused on bringing innovation, emotion and execution required to win with consumers. Importantly, our fiscal '25 guidance is both prudent and achievable, and is only a baseline, with additional strategic financial flexibility to enhance our growth and drive significant value for all stakeholders in the months and years to come. Thanks again, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes Tapestry's earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-05-09 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to this Tapestry Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. Later, you will have the opportunity to ask questions during the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our third quarter results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Roe, Tapestry’s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website, www.tapestry.com/investors and then view the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with highlights for Tapestry in each of our brands. Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities, and our outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I’d now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, our third quarter earnings results outperformed expectations, reflecting an unwavering commitment to disciplined brand building and operational excellence. Our talented global teams continued to advance our long-term initiatives, fueling innovation and consumer connections, while successfully harnessing the power of our customer engagement platform to navigate the dynamic backdrop with focus and agility. Touching on the highlights for the quarter. First, we delivered total revenue in line with the prior year on a constant currency basis, consistent with the low end of our guidance range. These top line results were led by international growth of 3% at constant currency, which included increases of 19% in Europe, 15% in Other Asia, and 2% in Japan, with each region expanding versus the prior year fueled by traction with tourists. In Greater China, as anticipated, sales declined 2% against last year's strong revenge spending. We remain confident in the long-term opportunity in China, despite a more gradual recovery in the region than originally expected, and we continue to invest in our brands, teams, and platforms to support our growth. Finally, in North America, revenue declined 3% compared to last year, amid a challenging consumer backdrop. Importantly, we are continuing to drive a healthy business, underscored by significant gross margin expansion compared to last year and our plan. Second, we continue to put the consumer at the center of everything we do to drive engagement and emotional connections with our brands. In the quarter, we acquired approximately 1.2 million new customers in North America alone, of which over half were Gen Z and millennials, consistent with our strategy to recruit younger consumers to our brands. And we continue to see new customers transact at higher AUR than the balance of our customer base. At the same time, we improved lapsed customer reactivation in North America. Third, we delivered unique omni-channel experiences with a focus on driving brand desire, consumer connections and cultural relevance. We launched immersive retail experiences across brands globally with highlights that include the continued rollout of the Coach play concept and Kate Spade's successful renovation of the Gotemba outlet in Japan. And just last month, we introduced the Stuart Weitzman shop-in-shop in Nordstrom in New York City. We believe these locations drive awareness and customer acquisition, notably with younger cohorts. Further, we maintained our strong digital positioning with sales more than three times above pre-pandemic levels, which represented over 25% of revenue. Importantly, our digital business is underpinned by Tapestry's data-rich platform and leading capabilities, which has enabled us to seamlessly meet consumers where and how they're shopping across their purchase journey. Fourth, we fueled fashion innovation and product excellence by delivering compelling assortments to consumers with particular success at Coach, where we drove handbag AUR gains at constant currency. Importantly, this focus also continued to drive operational gross margin expansion, helping to fuel our highest third quarter gross margin in nearly two decades. We understand innovation wins with consumers, and we are committed to bringing creativity, quality and compelling value to customers around the world. Overall, we generated third quarter operating income and earnings above expectations, driven by stronger-than-anticipated margins, highlighting the power of brand building, consumer centricity and operational agility. We achieved these results while making strategic investments in our brands to support healthy, sustainable growth into the future. Now turning to highlights across each of our brands, starting with Coach. Our team delivered another strong quarter with the power of the brand's unique expressive luxury positioning once again on display. We continue to infuse innovation across all customer touch points driving engagement, cultural relevance and emotional connections with customers globally. Importantly, the success of our strategies, together with consistent execution is evident in our financial results, with revenue growth at constant currency, significant gross margin expansion and profit gains with further runway ahead. Now touching on some details of the third quarter. We continue to drive growth in our handbag offering, led by our iconic platforms. The Tabby family delivered another quarter ahead of expectations and nearly doubled versus last year. The introduction of our Quilted Tabby was an incredible success fueled by the top-selling Black Tabby with brass hardware at a premium AUR of $550. At the same time, Core Tabby styles remain strong, and we see further opportunity ahead across the entire family. While we continue to animate this family, we're leaning into key styles including Quilted Tabby and see further opportunity ahead. Across the balance of the assortment, our Timeless Willow and Rogue families remain foundational volume drivers. And we augmented our offering to build relevance with younger consumers, including the Coach original Swing Zip, which has gone viral on social media as well as the ACE Tote, both of which over-indexed with Gen Z customers. Overall, our creative and innovative products supported an increase in global handbag AUR at constant currency, including growth in North America. Looking forward, we see continued runway longer-term, given our innovation pipeline and brand heat. At the same time, we advanced our focus on building out the lifestyle assortment to expand the brand's reach with consumers with the goal of powering customer recruitment, purchase frequency and ultimately, customer lifetime value. In footwear, sales rose against last year, reflecting success in our core styles, notably the low line sneaker as well as strength in newness, including our BRENT sandal. In men's, the Gotham, Charter and recently launched Coach Family led in the quarter. And in ready-to-wear, we debut classic denim styles contributing to the strong success of denim across all categories in keeping with market trends. Next, we created purpose-led storytelling, building meaningful emotional connections with brand. We again blended purpose and product with our spring 'Find Your Courage' campaign, inspiring consumers to embrace confident self-expression. The campaign takes place between the physical and virtual worlds, brought to life with the help of members of the Coach Family, including Lil Nas X, Camila Mendes, Youngji Lee, Kōki, and Wu Jinyan as well as our newest member, imam, a virtual model and digital creator. Further, we launched deeply unique and immersive retail experiences across the globe, engaging the consumer across all five senses. We took Coach Play to Tokyo, opening our largest concept store yet on Cat Street, which celebrates the brand's heritage, self-expression and local Japanese culture. Importantly, the store resonates with younger consumers and has outperformed expectations. In March, we launched the brand's first full-service restaurant at the Grand Indonesia Mall in Jakarta, highlighting Coach's expanding presence in Southeast Asia and our strategy to connect with consumers through experiences beyond product. Overall, the brand's marketing and focus on omnichannel experiences helped to drive new customer acquisition, including nearly 800,000 new customers in North America, of which nearly 60% were Gen Z and Millennials. And we've seen gains in brand awareness in the US per our brand tracking work, underscoring that our investments in brand building are working. Finally, we continue to build our sub-brand, Coachtopia, our reimagination of the product creation process to evolve our vision of circularity, which has driven incremental brand relevancy and desire. During the quarter, we launched the road to circularity, a Coachtopia docu series that explores how we're reimagining waste as a valuable raw material. And in April, we unveiled Coachtopia's inaugural store in Hainan, an initiative that combines our mission of sustainability and our commitment with investing in brand building in China and with Chinese consumers. While Coachtopia remains a small portion of the assortment, we're excited by the momentum we're building specifically with younger audiences. In closing, Coach is fueling consumer desire, bringing expressive luxury to life while driving sustainable, healthy profit growth that funds investments in brand building. We are confident in the future and the tremendous potential for this iconic brand. Now moving to Kate Spade. During the quarter, while top line results were challenged as anticipated, profit exceeded expectations in prior year, led by continued gross margin expansion and disciplined expense management. Importantly, we advanced our strategic agenda, sharpening our execution to bring enhanced innovation to consumers. And where we've offered newness, we've seen our customer respond. This progress reinforces our path forward as we build a more profitable business, while remaining focused on driving the top line growth required to realize the long-term potential of the brand. Now touching on our strategic priorities and results in more detail. First, we remain focused on strengthening the brand's core handbag foundation, a requirement to win in today's dynamic consumer backdrop. During the quarter, we broadened the core assortment across channels through new introductions, including the Suite Work Tote, Seabee and Spade Flower Signature programs. Importantly, newness drove higher customer recruitment, AUR and gross margin versus the balance of the offering. At the same time, the performance of newness also reinforces our sense of urgency to refresh our carryover families, which remain pressured. To this end, the pipeline of handbag newness will continue to increase into fiscal year 2025, building on the progress we're seeing today and supporting the brand's runway for enhanced revenue and profitability. And as we innovate our core handbag offering, we will also continue to deliver emotional lifestyle assortments, a differentiator for the brand. During the quarter, we delivered growth in jewelry, which is a key recruitment vehicle and profit driver for the brand. Now, turning to our second strategic focus area, powering the omnichannel experience to drive customer engagement. As you know, we recently launched a dedicated katespadeoutlet.com site, replacing the brand's surprise site and providing a more seamless way for outlet consumers to discover and shop the brand online. As a result of this effort, our outlet omnichannel customer penetration increased in the quarter and remains an opportunity to drive customer lifetime value over time. Further, by bringing a more unified experience to consumers across all brand touch points, we can continue to more efficiently scale our marketing and merchandising efforts, supporting our goal of driving sustainable direct-to-consumer growth. Third, we are focused on creating emotional marketing that fuels brand relevance and heat. During the quarter, we launched a new global campaign Time to Spring, anchored in the brand codes of joy, color in New York City, which garnered significant media impressions and strong engagement on social platforms. Our marketing investments supported the acquisition of approximately 400,000 new customers to the brand in North America. Moving forward, we will continue to distort our marketing efforts to top and mid-funnel activations that support brand building and growth. And finally, we will maintain a commitment to operational excellence, positioning the brand for long-term success, this focus has underpinned the brand's meaningful gross margin and profit expansion this year and is embedded in our strategies and ways of working for the future. Overall, we continue to advance our long-term strategies with a relentless focus on accelerating our progress. Our path forward is clear, and our vision for the brand and its potential is unchanged. Turning to Stuart Weitzman. Results in the quarter were pressured, reflecting headwinds in the brand's two key markets of North America and Greater China. Despite the challenged financial performance, we remain focused on supporting brand health by investing in product and marketing to drive growth and profitability long-term. Touching briefly on these focus areas. During the quarter, we expanded our assortment of casual styles in keeping with market trends. This included new block heels, wedges, bale flats and loafers, which are performing particularly well across key full-price wholesale accounts, supporting strong sales gains at POS in North America. Further, our fall and pre-spring wholesale bookings are up meaningfully, reflecting our progress in delivering product innovation and relevancy. Further, we continued to build out new categories with the launch of the brand's men's collection and an expanded sneaker assortment. At the same time, our handbag collection, while still a small portion of the assortment, drove growth at high AUR. Now, turning to marketing. During the quarter, we drove relevance by tapping into cultural moments to amplify our key product strategies, for example, we launched our pre-spring collection with the backdrop of Palm Beach and leveraged a multifaceted influencer approach to reinforce our recently launched sneaker offering with Sofia Richie Grainge, Suki Waterhouse, and Jenna Dewan showcasing Stuart Weitzman Trainers. As a result of these efforts, U.S. Google search queries for the brand increased, while consideration also rose in the U.S. per YouGov. Overall, the Stuart Weitzman team is leaning in to accelerate progress and enhance profitability longer term through relevant, differentiated product and emotional marketing to fuel brand desire. In closing, Tapestry delivered third quarter earnings ahead of expectations, successfully advancing our strategic agenda to power our iconic brands to move at the speed of the consumer in an ever-changing environment, while investing in our future. We remain confident in our vision and the significant long-term opportunity to drive sustainable organic top and bottom-line gains and meaningful shareholder value. Before turning the call over to Scott to discuss our financial performance and outlook in more detail, I'd like to provide an update on our pending acquisition of Capri. First and foremost, we remain excited by the opportunity to expand our house of powerful brands, positioning Tapestry as a leader in innovation. The combined company will bring significant benefits to customers, employees, partners, and shareholders around the world. By investing in and growing Capri's brands, we will bring more innovation to more consumers globally, positioning us to better compete within the growing over $200 billion global luxury market for handbags, accessories, footwear, and apparel. Further, through this combination, we will be a home and incubator for talent, driving our purpose-led and people-centered mission and continuing to elevate employee and consumer experiences. With regard to the transaction timeline, following unconditional approval from the European Commission and regulatory approvals in China and Japan, the FTC filed a suit on April 22nd to block the proposed acquisition. We remain confident in the merits and pro-competitive pro-consumer nature of this transaction and look forward to presenting our strong legal arguments in court. Our timeline always contemplated the potential for litigation and we continue to expeditiously work to close the transaction in calendar year 2024. In the meantime, and as always, we remain focused on continuing to execute on our current business and strategic growth agenda. I'll now turn it over to Scott.
Scott Roe: Thanks Joanne, and good morning, everyone. As Joanne mentioned, our fiscal Q3 operating income and EPS exceeded expectations, demonstrating our disciplined execution and agility. Importantly, we significantly expanded gross margin and generated strong free cash flow, while investing in future growth drivers for our brands and business. Now, moving to the details of the quarter, beginning with revenue trends on a constant currency basis. Sales were in line with the prior year and at the low end of our guided range. These results were led by 3% growth internationally, driven by gains in Japan, Other Asia, and Europe, even as we anniversaried growth from the prior year. In Japan, sales grew 2%, and in Other Asia, revenue rose 15% with growth in each country in the region, notably Korea and Malaysia. In Europe, growth continued with revenue 19% above last year. And in Greater China, as expected, revenue declined 2% as we lapped last year's resurgence in traffic and spend following the end of COVID-related restrictions in the region. In North America, sales declined 3% compared to the prior year amid a challenging consumer backdrop, though gross margin rose significantly and outperformed plan as we supported brand health. Now touching on revenue by channel for the quarter. Our direct-to-consumer business declined 4% due to declines in North America and Greater China. And in Wholesale, revenue grew over 20%, led by strength in international, supported by our strategic growth initiatives on digital platforms. Moving down the P&L. We delivered the strongest third quarter gross margin in nearly two decades, which was ahead of our expectations and 190 basis points above last year. This year-over-year expansion was driven by the benefit of 100 basis points from lower freight expense, FX tailwinds as well as operational outperformance. SG&A was relatively flat with last year and favorable to our forecast on both a dollar and rate basis, reflecting operational savings as we continue to tightly control costs while making ongoing strategic investments in our brands, people and business platforms. In addition, SG&A benefited from an expense timing shift of approximately $20 million into the fourth quarter, primarily relating to marketing. So taken together, operating margin expanded 110 basis points, and operating income rose 6% compared to the prior year, well ahead of plan and third quarter EPS of $0.81 beat our expectations by approximately $0.15 fueled by an operational beat as well as the previously mentioned favorable expense timing shift worth roughly $0.06. Now, turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter with $7.4 billion in cash and investments and total borrowings of $7.7 billion which reflects the bond financing related to the planned acquisition of Capri. Free cash flow for the quarter was an inflow of $79 million. CapEx and implementation costs related to cloud computing were $29 million. Inventory levels at quarter end were 12% below the prior year, underscoring our focus on disciplined inventory management and driving inventory turn. Looking forward, our inventory is well controlled and current, and we continue to leverage the benefits of our supply chain, navigating the Red Sea disruption with only modest impact, which has been incorporated into our outlook. Importantly, we expect to end Q4 with inventory in line with the prior year, well positioned into fiscal year 2025. Turning to our dividend program. Our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.35 per common share, representing $80 million in dividend payments for the quarter. For the fiscal year, we continue to expect to return approximately $325 million to shareholders through the dividend at an annual rate of $1.40 per share, a 17% increase compared to last year. Now, moving to our guidance for fiscal year 2024, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis and does not include any potential impact from the planned acquisition of Capri. We are maintaining our fiscal year 2024 EPS outlook supported by the third quarter's outperformance while taking a prudent approach to the fourth quarter planning. For the year, we're modifying our top line outlook to incorporate more moderate trends in both North America and Greater China across brands. That said, our EPS outlook is unchanged, supported by stronger margin results and a commitment to being disciplined stewards of our brands. Moving to the fiscal year in further detail. We expect revenue of over $6.6 billion, approximately in line with the prior year on a reported basis and representing growth of about 1% on a constant currency basis. Moving to sales details by region at constant currency. In North America, we expect revenue to decline slightly versus last year. In Greater China, we anticipate low single-digit sales growth. In Japan, revenue is forecasted to grow mid single digits, while Other Asia is expected to increase at a low double-digit rate. And in Europe, we anticipate low double-digit growth. In addition, our outlook assumes operating margin expansion of 110 basis points. We anticipate gross margin to expand approximately 230 basis points, which includes a benefit from moderating freight costs of roughly 130 basis points. On SG&A expenses, we expect deleverage of roughly 120 basis points, reflecting reinvestments in our brands, people and business in supportive growth initiatives. Moving to below-the-line expectations for the year. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $12 million, which incorporates higher yield on cash and investments compared to the previous outlook. The tax rate is expected to be approximately 20%, and our weighted average diluted share count is forecasted to be in the area of 233 million shares. So taken together, we continue to expect EPS of $4.20 to $4.25, representing 8% to 9% growth versus last year. Finally, before contemplating any deal-related costs, we still anticipate free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion, and we expect CapEx and cloud computing costs to be in the area of $140 million. This forecast includes nearly half of the spend to be related to store openings, renovations and relocations mostly in Asia, with the balance primarily related to ongoing digital and IT investments. Quickly touching on our outlook for the fourth quarter specifically. Our guidance implies an expected sales decline in the area of 1% at constant currency, or roughly 3% below the prior year on a reported basis including an FX headwind of approximately 150 basis points. Further, we anticipate an operating margin decline in the area of 50 basis points, which incorporates the expectation for continued strong gross margin gains, offset by higher SG&A in part due to the negative impact of the expense timing shift from the third quarter. Taken together, EPS for the fourth quarter is forecasted to be in the area of $0.85. Now to outline our capital allocation priorities looking forward, which are unchanged. First, we will invest in our brands and businesses to support sustainable growth. Second, we will utilize our strong free cash flow for rapid debt repayment. We're committed to maintaining a solid investment-grade rating. To this end, we initiated a long-term leverage target of less than 2.5 times on a gross debt to adjusted EBITDA basis and expect to achieve that within two years of the Capri transaction close. Finally, we will return capital to shareholders through our dividend. Importantly, we believe our strong cash flow profile provides us with further opportunity for investment and capital return. Following the achievement of our leverage target, over time, we expect to increase our dividend with the goal of achieving our stated target payout ratio of 35% to 40% and see the opportunity to resume share repurchases in the future. Before closing, I'd like to touch on the acquisition of Capri and reiterate our confidence in the excellent strategic fit and value creation opportunity it presents. We believe the transaction will enhance our strong organic growth and TSR potential, supported by double-digit EPS accretion on an adjusted basis, enhanced cash flow more than $200 million of cost synergies and compelling ROIC, accelerating benefits for our consumers, employees, partners and shareholders for years to come. In closing, for the quarter, we built on our track record of operational excellence, driving margin and EPS outperformance against a challenging demand backdrop, advancing our long-term growth initiatives and controlling the controllables. In addition, we generated strong free cash flow while continuing to invest for the future. Our consistent earnings delivery demonstrates the power of our operating model and talented global teams. Looking forward, we remain confident in our vision and in our ability to realize it with a steadfast commitment to drive sustainable, profitable growth and shareholder returns. I'd like to now open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim.
Bob Drbul: Hi. Good morning. I was wondering, can you talk a little bit more just about your -- the confidence that you have in your ability to maybe hit the FY 2025 Investor Day EPS target of $5 given I guess, the environment, the backdrop in the second half performance?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Sure. Maybe, Bob, starting with this year, fiscal 2024, I want to acknowledge that we just delivered a strong earnings fee in our third quarter and we reiterated our outlook for fiscal 2024. That's an important step in getting to our fiscal 2025 target. And I would say despite the dynamic environment that we've operated in since sharing those targets three years ago, we remain confident in our ability to deliver the earnings target we set. That really reflects our commitment to brand building and our track record of disciplined execution, both of which are driving our results and hats off to our teams around the world who are maniacally focused on serving our customers with the agility required in this environment. And what gives us confidence, I would say, Coach, our largest brand, is in a position of strength. Expressive luxury is driving new customer acquisition, new and younger customer acquisition and strong engagement globally. We have brand heat and a pipeline of innovation to come, and I am pleased with the execution and the discipline that's allowed us to grow profit even in a challenged environment. And we do have a sense of urgency to drive stronger top line growth across our portfolio. We remain focused on those initiatives and investments that will fuel that long-term growth and we see tremendous runway ahead, but maybe I'll turn it over to Scott to share a little more detail.
Scott Roe: Sure, Joanne. Hey, Bob, good morning. I'll just start with reiterating what Joanne said, we are on track to deliver the Investor Day EPS targets, even despite a more modest top line. And how are we doing that through consistently driving gross margin outperformance, coupled with disciplined expense control. And just remember that $5 is impacted by the pause in share repurchases, which we quantified about $0.35 impact and now FX is working against us a bit. But the best evidence that we can achieve this $5 as adjusted going forward is to look at what we're doing right now. We've already done it. Our performance over the last three years we delivered double-digit EPS CAGR even in a challenged market. And look at this year, we're on track to deliver high single-digit earnings growth, even on flat sales in fiscal 2024. And so as you look forward, I'm not providing explicit guidance here, but just to give you some idea of our expectations, we'll continue to focus on the factors in our control. Operational gross margin drivers remain intact. Inventories are well controlled and current. And we're continuing to focus on tightly managing our SG&A, investing in growth drivers, finding leverage throughout the P&L. And I think one of the things you see on display is really we've remade this P&L to a more variable model since 2019 pre-pandemic. And that allows us to invest, but also to flex the act when we see challenging market conditions, such as what we're experiencing right now. So when I put that together, these factors all reinforce our confidence in our ability to achieve that $5 as adjusted that we laid out as a commitment in our Investor Day.
Bob Drbul: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll move next to Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Ike Boruchow: Good morning, everyone. Congrats on the quarter in a tough date. I guess a question and a clarification. I guess maybe, Scott, just can you give us a little unpack Q4 a little bit more, specifically Coach in North America and China expectations that are embedded in that quarterly guide. And then I just wanted to make sure I understand. So when you have said the double-digit accretion on the deal for some time. I guess what I'm trying to understand is, is that a year one number? I mean I think we all know that since the deal went through. I think that company's EBITDA, at least on the Street estimates have been cut 30%, 40%. So is that more of a multiyear accretion expectation? Or is that a year one double-digit accretion number that you guys are kind of talking to. Just trying to understand more. Thank you.
Scott Roe: Yes. Sure, Ike. Maybe I'll start with the second, just to knock that one out. It obviously depends on the timing of when we close. But we're talking about a first year accretion. There is seasonality in the business, and there's some variability there. But yes, on a full year basis, we expect that double-digit EPS if you look at the calendar year. What gets a little tricky is when you close and where we're at in our year. But if you look at a 12-month period, that duration, that's what we're speaking to. And as it relates to what's in the guide, I think you asked about China and Coach and -- so first of all, remember, in the second half, this has been a strange quarter-by-quarter, if you think about China. So in Q2, we were up against the COVID compares. We had really high growth. In the back half, we're up against rein spending, which puts pressure on the China business. So if you look at Q4, it's in the area of down double-digits from a China standpoint year-on-year. But let me remind you, for the full year we're growing at a low single-digit rate, even with all that noise in China for the full year. And as it relates to Coach, maybe I'll throw it over to Todd to comment on Coach.
Todd Kahn: Good morning. Thanks, Scott. Again, we feel very good about where we're at Coach. As you saw this quarter, we delivered our highest gross margin in almost 20 years. And we see continued growth. We're not chasing the last dollar. We're being very disciplined and prudent. But we're growing with the people we want to grow with in North America, Joanne mentioned, we grew 800,000 new consumers, 60% are young, Gen Z and millennials. And what's exciting about that is that is the future fuel for sustainable long-term growth. So I'm pleased where we're at. I'm pleased with what we're going to deliver in the year in total and how -- and what it means for our future.
Ike Boruchow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks. So Joanne, could you elaborate on the progression of North America demand, the Coach brand, maybe as the third quarter progressed and more recent trends that you've seen in fourth quarter to date, And then, Scott, to your bottom line confidence, could you speak to the drivers of the roughly 200 basis points gross margin expansion in the fourth quarter and just runway for operational gross margin multiyear?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Sure. I'll kick it off with an overview of North America, and it's really a continuation of what we've been seeing in the market. The consumer is being more choiceful despite some positive factors in the market, certainly, the labor market is a positive in the market. We do see consumer confidence is low in North America, likely impacted by sticky inflation. And so we are seeing an overall more cautious consumer. But in that context, we're seeing innovation continue to win, and Coach has been doing a phenomenal job at delivering innovation. And we're being quite disciplined in terms of how we manage our business for the long term and our expectations for the business to reflect that. Where we're meeting the high bar, we're winning. We're driving higher gross margins. As Todd just mentioned, highest gross margin in nearly two decades. We're driving higher AUR. We're delivering the innovation, and we're acquiring more new consumers to brands. And those new consumers are transacting at higher AUR and higher gross margin. As we see the business unfolds, we're planning prudently to continue to build our brands for the long term. And then maybe for the second part of your question, Scott, pass it to you.
Todd Kahn: Scott, you're on mute, I think.
Scott Roe: Thank you, Todd. Sorry about that. Yeah. So in the fourth quarter, we're going to grow almost 200 basis points in terms of gross margin, I'd say for the full year or two, if you just think about the overall performance, 230 basis points for the full year, which includes about 130 basis points of freight. So that freight benefit, we said, starts to wane as you move through the year, but it's still a contributor in Q4. As you think about going forward, as I said in an earlier comment, the gross margin drivers are still intact, right? We are investing in our businesses. We are increasing our marketing investment consistently over time. It's about triple where it was several years ago, and that engagement with the consumer gives us confidence in our ability to continue to get them to both the consumer is in charge. They decide that they continue to vote. In terms of our products and the AUR that comes with that as well as opportunities on the cost side. We see that we have AUC benefits that we're achieving this year, and we see that continuing on a go-forward basis.
Matthew Boss: Great. Best of luck.
Scott Roe: Yes, thanks Matt.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. Good morning. Joanne, you just discuss the challenging macro environment in North America. Are conditions deteriorating enough to cause you to change your strategy? Would you give up some of this gross margin strength to give some of the value back to consumers and drive sales growth?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Absolutely not. We are and have been really focused on brand building and building our brands and creating emotional connections with consumers. First, we know that the category we play in is both durable and resilient and powers -- the category powers through downturns historically because the consumer has an emotional connection with it, and we see strong growth in the category going forward. And we want to be sure that our brands are well-positioned regardless of the macro environment as strong brands, and that's been our work for the last four years and we're gaining traction. We offer incredible value in the marketplace to consumers, and that won't change. The -- where we represent and how connected consumers are to our brands continues to grow their affinity for our brands continue to grow, and that's where we're investing. That's been -- it's not just about gross margin and the product and the innovation that we're delivering, but it's also about the marketing investments we're making to reach consumers, the investments in digital to reach consumers where we are. And that's the virtuous flywheel that we've been developing, and it's working. So we'll remain committed to it.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brook Roach of Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Good morning and thank you for taking our question. As you think about the opportunity for Tapestry to gain share in North America against this challenged macro, can you talk a little bit more about the innovation pipeline you have on the horizon? And how you're thinking about engaging customers between the outlet and the value-focused channels relative to the full-price channels and what you're seeing there currently? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Innovation is winning. That's what I will say, and we're very focused on delivering the innovation that consumers respond to and recognize. It starts with knowing the customer. And again, our direct-to-consumer platform, our data and analytics capabilities and our consumer insights capabilities are what helped fuel this innovation, right? We're staying close to consumers and their behaviors and their preferences change rapidly. They have changed over the last four years, and I expect they'll continue to change. And so we're connecting with consumers, understanding consumers at a deeper level and then building product and experiences that speak to consumers, that's the innovation that wins. And we're doing that exceptionally well at Coach, and maybe I'll pass it to Todd to share some of his insights on innovation.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. I couldn't be more excited with what I see, what we're seeing now both in our stores. But I have the benefit and the privilege of walking through our showrooms and seeing what we're going to deliver nine months from now. And -- what we're seeing is innovation across all price points. We're not just innovating at the top. We're innovating at our value channel, and at our retail channel. And we're doing some really interesting things. We talk a lot about the strength of Tabby. One of the things you're going to see when you visit stores in June, we're going to take Tabby at full price to 100 outlet stores in North America. Because what we recognize is we're spending quite a bit on marketing our image, leaning in on Tabby. Consumers don't always see the difference like we see between a outlet store and a retail store. And with taking those Tabby, they will be sold at full price in outlet because the consumer is coming in with their iPhones and say, "I want this bag" and we want to make sure we deliver what our customers want wherever they shop. And that's what's so exciting. And ultimately, yes, we talk a little bit about the overall backdrop, but we're in an emotional category. And what we've seen, we haven't seen any degradation in consumers at our economic levels. So again, we win when we deliver newness, we deliver a motion when we have purpose-led campaigns. You're seeing that at Coach. This year, we will end over $5 billion. It's the first time in over a decade where Coach has done that. But we're ending at $5 billion in a very healthy, sustainable way. And that's what I feel so good about our future.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Binetti of Evercore ISI.
Michael Binetti: Thanks for taking our questions here. Congrats on a nice quarter. I have two. I guess, if we think about what's baked into the guidance you just gave us for fourth quarter and some of the dynamics and what it could mean as we look to the second half of the calendar year, Scott, would you mind helping us think through maybe the upside and downside scenarios after your fourth quarter or maybe the puts and takes around the multiyear revenue CAGRs you spoke to at the 2022 Analyst Day in regards to fiscal 2025. And then on the AUR comments that you guys made earlier, I know you mentioned some confidence in the ability to keep driving AURs, handbag AURs, maybe walk us through some of the drivers that you look at to build to that. We've heard, I guess, as earnings season starts and retailers maybe pointing some concerns that the luxury brands have taken too much pricing on handbags and may need to start moderating a bit. Have you seen anything in the marketplace yet? What levers do you think about in your business if you need to kind of defend pricing if you do see that spread to luxury brands has provided a nice umbrella than you've spoken to over the last few years starts to reverse a little.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Let me speak to the second part of that first, maybe then Scott, talk it to you. As it relates to AUR and margin growth, you've seen us consistently deliver. We've been on this path even -- we started even before the pandemic. And it really starts with understanding customers and what customers value. I mean AUR at the end of the day is a function of what's sold, not what's offered. So we're -- ultimately, it's the consumer's decision you mentioned the top of the market. The top of the market has moved price considerably higher. And in that context, the value that we deliver to consumers is incredibly stronger. And so as we play within the dynamics of this very fragmented market where the consumer has a lot of choice, we have an opportunity to know the consumer better, understand what they value and deliver that value in the form of innovation. And that's what's been driving AUR and our gross margin growth over the last few years. And those are deeply embedded capabilities at Tapestry and that's how we're winning. So that's why we expect to be able to continue to do this. The value that we deliver in the marketplace is incredibly strong. We know our consumers and we can then take those insights and deliver innovation behind it. And then maybe, Scott, over to you.
Scott Roe: Yes, sure. Michael, you're probably not surprised. We're not giving any guidance on 2025, right? So I would just repeat a couple of things that I said earlier. First of all, there's agility in the model, it's on display. It has been since the Investor Day and our ability to deliver earnings on a lot of different conditions and difficult backdrop. The other thing I'd say is, we continue to invest in the brands, continue to invest in marketing, but we're also reading and reacting, right? And so I'll give you an example. We talked about in this last quarter, we have made a decision within our brands to spend more on the top of the funnel and less on the bottom of the funnel. That can hurt sales in the short term. You get bottom of the funnel sales, but from the quality of sales and the acquisition of new customers, which you saw 1.2 million in the quarter, about half of which are millennial and Gen Z. That really speaks to confidence in the future, and these are some proof points that help us or give us confidence that we can grow both top line and bottom line in the future.
Michael Binetti: Thanks a lot, guys. Appreciate it.
Scott Roe: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen of TD Cowen.
Oliver Chen: Hi. Thanks so much. The Coach gross margin continues to really impress. What are your thoughts longer term? And should you invest more just to make sure you're being proactive about how well you're doing there? And as you think about pricing, it continues to impress as well, what are you seeing with elasticity? And how are you thinking about like-for-like relative to mix, the Tabby momentum is really impressive. Lastly, about the geographies. Would love your thoughts on the China customer relative to US, China has been fairly mixed with some of the macros and housing and traffic being general concerns. Meanwhile, we've seen a linear US customer. Just would love thoughts on that. Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Todd, do you want to kick us off with the Coach gross margin and your long-term outlook? And then I'll follow up with the -- on the China piece.
Todd Kahn: Perfect. Thanks. Yeah, we feel good Oliver about our gross margin and the sustainability of our growth margin. Now obviously, this was a not quarter. I want to make sure no one expects every quarter to be 77%, but we like the neighborhood, and we're delivering on an annual basis. And we are investing. I mean, again, when we talk about investing, we're investing in the quality of our product. We're investing in marketing. If you think about it, historically, Coach spend 3% on marketing. We're spending over 8% on marketing today. And as Scott indicated in the last question, we've shifted even more recently, how we're spending that marketing. We're spending more and more on top of the funnel marketing to tell stories, to create more connection with our consumers. We're doing that because we believe in the long-term sustainability and the customer acquisition that, that brings to the brand. In terms of pricing, I mean, we touched on this a little bit, but I feel -- and Joanne touched on this, but I think in terms of AUR, at Coach brand specifically, we feel very good about sustaining AUR growth for four reasons. Again, it goes back to innovation and storytelling, something I've talked about over and over again. A motion always trumps price. Consumers have hundreds of choices. Every day, we win because we connect with them emotionally. Third, traditional European luxury dominate the category. And when we compare our product with that traditional European luxury, the consumer is seeing the value, and that's very important. And lastly, something that Scott always touches on, we're so disciplined in our inventory. We are -- our whole structure, if you think about the last four years, Joanne led this, we reduced our SKU count dramatically, and we leaned in on important family. And that takes a lot of the pressure off that constant churn on fashion. That's what you're seeing with Tabby, that's what you're seeing with Willow, Rogue Rose, we have families that are sustainable, that are emotional that the consumer connects with. Back to Joanne, on China.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Thank you. And Oliver, related to the consumer in China, like many others, we're seeing macro headwinds. There are -- there is lots of noise in the numbers. Last year, we're lapping shifts in the New Year holiday during the quarter, but also importantly, that post-COVID revenge spending. I do think it is important to note that our outlook for the year continues to expect low single-digit growth for the year in China. So the quarterly flow of that has been quite dynamic. But we still expect growth for the year and our view on the long-term opportunity in China has not changed. And our team -- we have tremendous teams on the ground. We've been in the market, as you know, for two decades, over two decades and our teams are doing an excellent job building our brands and connecting with consumers in this dynamic environment. I was just in the market two weeks ago. I was meeting with teams and our partners in the region. The teams are showing agility and moving with the consumer as their shopping behaviors and preferences shift. And you saw some of our wholesale outperformance in international was related to how our teams are reading where the consumers are moving, and making sure we're showing up and our brands are connecting with consumers where they are. We are seeing consumer desire for our brands continue to be strong and purchase intent in our category is still high with consumers. So we continue to invest in the market and brand building activities to support that long-term potential that we see.
Oliver Chen: Very encouraging. Thanks. Best regards.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. So Coach continues to demonstrate its ability to drive stable results despite the choppier macro. So the tools and playbook really seem to be working. So what do you think is holding back Kate at this stage? Is there a wholesale story going on there? And do you think that the success at Coach and the success you're having with younger customers is having an impact on Kate at this point? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: No, our opportunities with Kate, and I appreciate the question, Mark. At Kate, we are focused on building a stronger brand and a bigger brand. We see tremendous potential in the future for Kate. And we're doing both building the profitability of the brand as well as establishing a stronger brand with our consumers. So in the quarter, you saw us expand gross margin, operating margin and profit versus last year. It exceeded our expectations. So the discipline management of the business remains intact. We're executing with discipline, and that is embedded in our ways of working going forward. So we're focused on increasing the profitability of the brand and from that base, also an opportunity to grow the top line. And in that, we see an opportunity to increase the -- or improve the execution in three areas, and we've talked about this. One is strengthening the core handbag foundation. Coach has 80 years of archives that we're pulling from and really driving. Kate is building those core handbag ideas and the delivering of innovation, you've heard that as a theme at Tapestry, where we're really winning and where we see the customer respond is when we're delivering newness and innovation in our assortments. And that's what we're focused on delivering. And we're increasing that newness and innovation at Kate, where we're delivering that. It's working. And that newness and innovation will grow, as we've mentioned, into fiscal 2025. We're also focused on the omnichannel experience. We launched outlet.com. We have more omnichannel customers, but that seamless experience and driving more emotional marketing. We're talking about shifting our investments into top of funnel. So all the things that Todd just talked about at Coach are things we're applying to Kate. Kate in earlier innings. And we continue to have confidence in the runway that we see ahead for the brand. We're being disciplined about our execution and building the profitability while we continue to execute on the things that will drive and help us achieve that long-term brand ambition.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you. And maybe one more quick one for Scott on fiscal 2025. The agility in the model came up a couple of times today. Is sales growth needed to hit the earnings goals? Just trying to better understand the range of scenarios you're contemplating there? Thanks again.
Scott Roe: Yes. So again, I'm not going to get into that level of specificity, but let me be clear, we expect to grow, right? We've got the building blocks in place. We're acquiring consumers that we believe have a strong lifetime value. We're putting the investments in marketing and behind the business, and we've got an innovation pipeline. So we'll come back and give you more soon, but we do expect to grow. That sai, dwe demonstrated this year that even on no growth essentially flat business, we can and have the levers to deliver profitability. So a combination of both those things that give me a lot of confidence. Think about what this model does as it's been remade and the efficiency that we've been talking about as we achieve the growth that we expect to in the future. And this becomes a profit and a cash machine on an even higher level than the commitments that we've made publicly.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll move next to Rick Patel of Raymond James.
Rick Patel: Thank you. Good morning. Really good control of SG&A. Can you talk about which levers you pulled in the quarter to pare back the growth there and touch on how we should think about OpEx going forward in terms of areas where you see opportunity for better control versus areas you need to make more investments in?
Scott Roe: Maybe I'll start. Listen, we continue -- the model really hasn't changed. We continue to invest in our people -- in our people, capability and in marketing. And those are the areas that you see that we invested in the quarter. And we're finding levered really throughout the rest of the P&L, I'd remind you about two-thirds of our rents now have a variable component. And again, we're spending about 9% in terms of marketing. So that's -- that really isn't a change and we've been pretty consistent in the way we're looking at that from a go forward standpoint.
Rick Patel: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd be happy to return the call to Joanne for concluding remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, thank you. And thank you for joining us and for your interest in our story, and thank you to our incredible teams around the world who continue to drive our results against the dynamic backdrop. Our disciplined approach to brand building and our commitment to operational excellence were once again on display in the third quarter. We're delivering innovation for consumers and driving profit and earnings growth. I'm confident in our future and the significant opportunity to drive sustainable growth and shareholder returns. Thanks, again, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes Tapestry's earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-02-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to this Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Later, you will have the opportunity to ask questions during the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good day. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our second quarter results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Roe, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website www.tapestry.com/investors and then view the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with highlights for Tapestry in each of our brands. Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities and our outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, we delivered a strong holiday quarter, achieving record second quarter revenue and earnings per share with growth outpacing expectations. Importantly, we advanced our strategic agenda, driving consistent progress through the power of brand building, customer centricity and disciplined execution. I want to recognize our talented global teams whose creativity, passion and agility continue to fuel consumer engagement and our standout financial results. Touching on the highlights for the quarter. First, we powered global growth to achieve a 3% sales gain, demonstrating the benefits of our diversified business model. This increase was driven by 12% growth at constant currency internationally, which included 19% growth in Greater China, consistent with our expectations. Further, sales to Chinese consumers globally grew at a mid-teens rate, which included continued growth with Chinese tourists. Looking ahead, we remain committed to investing in our brands, leveraging Tapestry's established platform in the region to build our business not only in China, but with this important cohort worldwide. Turning to Japan. Revenue rose 6%. And in Other Asia and Europe, sales increased 9% and 11%, respectively with each delivering strong growth against last year's double-digit gains. Finally, in North America, we delivered revenue in line with last year and better than our expectations. We are continuing to drive a healthy business, underscored by significant growth and operating margin expansion compared to last year and plan. Second, we remain focused on building customer engagement across our brands. In the quarter, we acquired approximately 2.5 million new customers in North America alone, of which roughly half were Gen Z and Millennials, consistent with our strategy to recruit younger consumers to our brands. And we continue to see new customers transact at higher AUR than the balance of our customer base. At the same time, we improved lapsed customer reactivation in North America, demonstrating our ability to engage with our existing customer base while bringing new customers to our brands. Third, we delivered unique and seamless omni-channel experiences, reinforcing the benefits of our data-rich direct-to-consumer operating model. To this end, we drove mid-single-digit growth on a constant currency basis, both in stores and online as we continue to meet our customers where they choose to shop. Our exceptional retail teams welcome more customers to our stores around the world, while we maintained our strong positioning in digital, which represented one-third of revenue. During the quarter, we were proud to open a new multi-brand fulfillment center in Las Vegas as we continue to invest in our omni-channel capabilities, supporting speed, sustainability and growth. Fourth, we fueled fashion innovation and product excellence by delivering compelling newness and value to consumers, which supported overall handbag AUR gains globally. At the same time, we drove growth in our small leather goods and lifestyle offerings, important for the holiday gifting season. Overall, we generated record second quarter EPS, which exceeded expectations and increased significantly compared to the prior year, highlighting the power of brand building and disciplined execution. We achieved these strong results while making strategic investments in our brands to accelerate future growth. Now turning to the highlights across each of our brands, starting with Coach. We delivered another standout quarter as our team continues to fuel brand desire by bringing expressive luxury to life, a positioning that is relevant and unique to Coach. Our strategy supported by consistent execution are driving strong innovation, consumer connections and financial results, highlighted by revenue growth across geographies and significant margin expansion. Now touching on some details of the second quarter. We achieved growth in our leather goods offering fueled by our iconic platforms. Tabby again, outperformed expectations, nearly doubling versus last year and over-indexing with new and younger consumers at above-average AUR. We're continuing to bring newness to this iconic family across bags and small leather goods, including the recently launched Quilted Tabby with further runway ahead. At the same time, we drove growth across the balance of the assortment anchored by our Willow and Rogue families, which remain foundational volume drivers. We also drove momentum with the recently introduced Idle Family, expanding the offering with new sizes. Overall, our creative and innovative products supported a mid-single-digit gain in global handbag AUR including growth in North America. Looking forward, we see continued opportunity for pricing improvements given our innovation pipeline and brand heat. At the same time, we fueled gains in lifestyle as we focus on building the brand's reach with consumers with the goal of powering customer recruitment, purchase frequency and ultimately, customer lifetime value. In ready-to-wear, we advanced our strategy to build a core assortment of key styles that represent compelling value. Growth in the quarter was driven by outerwear. In footwear, the Leah Loafer continued to outperform. And in men's leather goods, growth was driven by success in the key Gotham, Charter, Hitch and Relay families. Next, we created purpose-led storytelling, building meaningful emotional connections with the brand. We continue to lean into the strength of the Wear your Shine campaign, which inspires consumers to use fashion as a means for personal expression and empowerment. The Shine collection included a range of gold and metallic bags, ready-to-wear and accessories, allowing customers to own their shine with confidence. We also delivered emotional content through our More than a Gift campaign, which celebrates the gifts that give us the confidence to be ourselves. Overall, the success of these campaigns helped to support the acquisition of approximately 1.5 million new customers in North America, including a growing number of Gen Z and Millennials. And according to US brand tracking work fielded during the quarter, Coach saw a lift in unaided awareness versus prior year led by gains with Gen Z consumers, underscoring that our investments in brand building are working. And finally, we continue to build momentum in our sub-brand Coachtopia, a re-imagination of the product creation process to evolve our vision of circularity. During the quarter, Coachtopia's Ergo shoulder bag made with either repurposed leather or leather scraps was the top-selling style. While Coachtopia remains a small portion of the assortment, we are excited by the significant consumer attention it's receiving specifically with younger audiences. In closing, Coach continues to build strength on strength, with a clear strategy, unique purpose and commitment to investing behind sustainable growth. The power of expressive luxury rooted in deep consumer insights and consistent execution is bringing new innovation, new customers and new potential to this iconic brand, and we're confident in the tremendous runway ahead. Now moving to Kate Spade. During the quarter, we continued to advance our long-term priorities, reinforcing our strategic direction. Profits were ahead of both expectations and the prior year, led by gross margin expansion, demonstrating our agility and discipline. Having said that, top line trends remain challenged. In order to realize the ambition we have for the brand, we need to accelerate our progress through improved execution. To this end, we see an opportunity in three key areas. First, strengthening Kate Spade's core bag offering. Second, powering the omni-channel experience and third, driving more emotional marketing that fuels brand relevance and heat. Now I'll touch on our quarterly results in each of these focus areas in more detail. First, we are reimagining and broadening the brand's core handbag assortment across channels, creating the foundation to be a larger and more profitable brand consistent with our strategic intent. And where we've provided more newness, innovation and emotion, our customers have responded. However, the traction we've seen with new products was offset by declines in carryover families, which underperformed our expectation. This reinforces the need to move faster to build a more innovative core assortment that's required to win in today's dynamic consumer backdrop. Moving forward, we are laser-focused on improving the execution of our handbag offering, bringing more relevancy to the assortment. The pipeline for the back half of the year and into fiscal year '25 will increase the penetration of newness across channels with the launch of bags featuring new materials, silhouettes and distinctive branding elements. This innovation builds on the green shoots we're seeing today, while incorporating consumer feedback and insights, which help to inform our product strategies and investments. At the same time, we'll maintain the strength of our novelty and lifestyle offerings, differentiators for the Kate Spade brand. To this point, footwear rose double-digits in the quarter, while jewelry remains an important acquisition vehicle consistent with our strategy and focus on enhancing customer lifetime value. Second, the execution of a cohesive omni-channel strategy is a key opportunity to drive stronger customer engagement. During the quarter, we launched a dedicated katespadeoutlet.com site, replacing the brand' surprise site and providing a more seamless way for outlet consumers to discover and shop the brand online. Overall, by bringing a more focused and unified experience to consumers across all brand touch points, we can more efficiently scale our marketing and merchandising efforts, supporting our goal of driving sustainable direct-to-consumer growth. Third, we are focused on creating emotional marketing that fuels brand relevance and heat on a global scale. During the quarter, our marketing investments supported the acquisition of approximately 950,000 new customers to the brand in North America. In keeping with our strategy to become a more global brand, we launched a series of physical activations from London to Shanghai that brought the brand's codes to life and helped to grow brand awareness internationally Moving forward, we recognize the need to distort our marketing efforts to brand building to enhance our impact. Unique storytelling has been a strength of the brand over time. And as we move into spring, we will focus on creating marketing to drive fashion credibility and customer engagement by shifting our investment to top-of-funnel marketing through the launch of our campaign anchored in the brand codes of joy, color and New York City. Finally, as we fuel enhanced innovation, we will maintain a commitment to operational excellence, positioning the brand for long-term success. This focus has supported the brand's meaningful gross margin and profit expansion thus far this year and is embedded in our strategies and ways of working for the future. Overall, while we're continuing to advance our long-term strategies at Kate Spade, we're leaning in with intention to accelerate our progress. Our path forward is clear and our vision for the brand and its potential is unchanged. Turning to Stuart Weitzman. Top line results in the quarter were pressured, reflecting in part the on-going strategic reduction and off-price wholesale shipments. These headwinds were partially offset by growth in China against last year's COVID-impacted compare and continued positive wholesale POS trends. Further, we grew AUR, expanded gross margin and improved profitability versus prior year. That said, we remain unsatisfied with the brand's pace of recovery, and we continue to focus on prioritizing brand health and delivering innovation for consumers. Touching on key elements of the brand's strategic growth pillars from the quarter. First, we curated a relevant offering of emotional product. We delivered growth in our core boot classification, fueled by gains in the SoHo and 5050 families. Further, we continued to build out our assortment with more seasonless casual styles, including loafers and belle flats. During the quarter, we also launched a new sneaker assortment featuring a range of innovative designs, engineered to combine fashion and function. At the same time, our handbag collection, while still a small portion of the assortment, drove growth at high AUR. As we move forward, we will deliver more newness into the core assortment in keeping with rapidly evolving consumer trends. Next, we created engaging marketing to fuel brand heat and consideration. In celebration of the brand's 30th anniversary, we employed a multipronged approach to our marketing, including utilizing an array of influencers to organically engage with consumers from He Kong to Kim Kardashian to Sofia Richie Grainge. As a result, we saw brand awareness improve in the US per YouGov and drove increased customer engagement across our social channels. Similarly, in China, brand exposure rose significantly following the launch of this campaign. Overall, the Stuart Weitzman team is focused on executing against its strategic priorities, fueling brand heat and deepening customer engagement through a stronger, more diversified foundation of differentiated product and emotional purpose-led storytelling to drive enhanced growth and profitability long term. In closing, Tapestry delivered a strong second quarter, positioning us to raise our earnings per share outlook for the fiscal year. Importantly, this reflects the progress we're making to advance our strategic agenda and power our iconic brands to move at the speed of the consumer in an ever-changing environment while investing in our future. We remain confident in our vision and in our ability to bring that vision to life, putting the customer at the center of everything we do to drive sustainable organic top and bottom line gains. Further, through the planned acquisition of Capri, we see a significant opportunity to accelerate our strategies while driving accretion to our strong stand-alone financial plan. Overall, we remain excited by the opportunity to expand our house of powerful brands, positioning Tapestry as a leader in innovation, talent development and shareholder returns for years to come. We continue to make progress towards closing the transaction and look forward to sharing more detailed growth strategies for the future at an appropriate time. With that, I'll turn it over to Scott, who will discuss financial results, capital priorities and fiscal '24 outlook. Scott?
Scott Roe: Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. As Joanne mentioned, our fiscal Q2 results exceeded expectations. We delivered top line growth, significantly expanded gross margin and drove record revenue and EPS for the key holiday quarter while generating over $800 million in free cash flow. Our strong and consistent performance demonstrates the benefit of our globally diversified direct-to-consumer business model as well as our financial discipline and agility. It's this discipline that allows us to continue to invest in long-term brand growth while delivering record earnings. Now moving to the details of the quarter, beginning with revenue trends on a constant currency basis. Sales increased 3% compared to the prior year, fueled by strong international growth of 12%. In Greater China, revenue rose 19% as we anniversaried last year's COVID impacted results. At the same time, we've continued to see an uptick in travel spend from Mainland China tourist with increases across Asia and Europe. While these trends have been encouraging, sales to Chinese tourists globally remain well below pre-pandemic levels, representing further opportunity ahead. Outside of China, we drove growth in our key international regions, anniversarying strong gains in the prior year. In Japan, sales grew 6% due to increased tourist demand, and in Other Asia, revenue grew 9%, including strength in Korea, Singapore, Australia and New Zealand. In Europe, momentum continued with revenue 11% above last year. And in North America, sales were in line with the prior year and above expectations on stronger margins, supporting brand health and not chasing sales. Now touching on revenue by channel for the quarter. Our direct-to-consumer business grew 4%, fueled by mid-single-digit growth in both stores and digital. And in wholesale, which represents about 10% of sales globally, revenue declined 4%, reflecting wholesale market pressure in North America, partially offset by growth in international accounts. Moving down to P&L. We delivered our strongest second quarter gross margin in over a decade, which was ahead of our expectations and 300 basis points above last year. This year-over-year expansion was driven by a benefit of 170 basis points due to lower freight expense as well as operational outperformance, fueled by geographic mix tailwinds and net pricing improvements. SG&A rose 5%, which was favorable to our forecast on both a dollar and a rate basis, reflecting operational savings compared to plan. Importantly, we're continuing to tightly control costs while making ongoing strategic investments in our brands, people and business platforms. So taken together, operating margin expanded 220 basis points and operating income rose 14% compared to the prior year, both ahead of our expectations. And our record second quarter EPS of $1.63 was ahead of guidance and represented growth of 20%. Now turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter with $7.5 billion in cash and investments and total borrowings of $7.7 billion, which reflects the bond financing related to the planned acquisition of Capri, which I'll touch on momentarily. Free cash flow for the quarter was an inflow of $804 million. CapEx and implementation costs related to cloud computing were $30 million. And inventory levels at quarter end were 15% below prior year, reflecting our focus on disciplined inventory management and driving inventory turn. Before moving on, I did want to touch on the disruption related to the Red Sea conflict. We're closely monitoring this situation and currently estimate a modest increase in lead times and freight costs in the back half of the fiscal year, which has been incorporated in the outlook provided today. Importantly, we currently anticipate minimal impact to our operating results and customer experience given our well-positioned inventory. Turning to our dividend program. Our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.35 per common share, representing $81 million in dividend payments for the quarter. For the fiscal year, we continue to expect to return approximately $325 million to shareholders through the dividend at an annual rate of $1.40 per share, a 17% increase compared to last year. Now moving to our guidance for fiscal '24, which is provided on non-GAAP basis and does not include any potential impact from the planned acquisition of Capri. Our strong second quarter results position us to raise our EPS outlook for the fiscal year, while taking a prudent approach to our second half planning. On revenue, we're maintaining our outlook on a reported basis as we reflect Coach's outperformance in the second quarter as well as moderating headwinds from FX, offset by lower expectations at Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. At the same time, we're raising our EPS estimate for the year, given our stronger margin results and commitment to being disciplined stewards of our brands. Our guidance also reflects the strategic decision to invest a portion of our Q2 profit be back into our brands and business to support our long-term strategies. Moving to the fiscal year in further detail. We expect revenue of approximately $6.7 billion, representing an increase in the area of 1% versus prior year on a reported basis. Excluding an FX headwind of roughly 100 basis points, we anticipate constant currency sales growth of 2%. Turning to sales details by region at constant currency, which are unchanged from the ranges previously provided. In North America, we expect revenue to be in line with to slightly above prior year. This forecast contemplates our commitment to maintaining higher margins as we manage our brands and business for the long term. In Greater China, we expect mid-single-digit sales growth. In Japan, revenue is forecasted to grow mid-single digits, while Other Asia is expected to increase at a low double-digit rate. And in Europe, we anticipate high single-digit growth. In addition, our outlook assumes operating margin expansion of approximately 100 basis points. We anticipate gross margin gains in the area of 200 basis points, which includes a benefit from moderating freight costs of roughly 120 basis points. On SG&A expenses, we expect deleverage of roughly 100 basis points, reflecting reinvestments in our brands, people and business in supportive growth initiatives. Moving to the below-the-line expectations for the year. Net interest expense is anticipated to be approximately $20 million. The tax rate is expected to be approximately 20%, and our weighted average diluted share count is forecasted to be in the area of 233 million shares. So taken together, we're now projecting EPS of $4.20 to $4.25, representing 8% to 9% growth versus last year. Finally, before contemplating any deal-related costs, we still anticipate free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion, and we expect CapEx and cloud computing costs to be in the area of $190 million. This forecast includes roughly half of the spend to be related to store openings, renovations and relocations mostly in Asia, with the balance primarily related to our ongoing digital and IT investments. Now let me take you through the shaping of the year. We continue to expect relatively consistent constant currency top line growth between the first half and second half at around 2%. This includes the expectation for stronger growth in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter, helped by the anniversary of easier comparisons in North America. On operating income, as noted, we're utilizing a portion of our outperformance in the second quarter to reinvest in our people, brands and business. Therefore, our outlook now contemplates second half operating income to be roughly in line with the prior year. By quarter, we expect gross margin expansion in both the third and fourth quarters, with modestly higher SG&A dollar growth in Q3 versus Q4 based on the pace of our investments versus the prior year. For the third quarter specifically, we anticipate revenue to be in line with to slightly above prior year in constant currency and down slightly on a reported basis, including roughly 120 basis points of FX pressure. In aggregate, we expect EPS for the third quarter to be in the area of $0.65, with growth anticipated for Q4. Now to outline our capital allocation priorities looking forward, which are unchanged. First, we will invest in our brands and businesses to support sustainable growth. Second, we will utilize our strong free cash flow for rapid debt repayment. We are committed to maintaining a solid investment-grade rating. To this end, we initiated a long-term leverage target of less than 2.5 times on a gross debt to adjusted EBITDA basis and expect to achieve that within with years of the Capri transaction close. Finally, we will return capital to shareholders through our dividend. Importantly, we believe our strong cash flow profile provides us with further opportunity for investment and capital return. Following the achievement of our leverage target, over time, we expect to increase our dividend with the goal of achieving our stated target payout ratio of 35% to 40% and see the opportunity to resume share repurchases in the future. Before closing, I want to touch more holistically on the planned acquisition of Capri. We believe the acquisition will drive significant value creation with immediate accretion to adjusted earnings, enhanced cash flow and strong financial returns, underpinned by a compelling industrial logic that is consistent with our commitment to being disciplined financial operators. To this end, it's important to highlight that we continue to expect Capri to generate double-digit EPS accretion on an adjusted basis and compelling ROIC. Embedded in these expectations is the assumption that the stand-alone Capri business will generate free cash flow in the area of $500 million on a non-GAAP unsynergized basis. And as noted, we've made further progress towards transaction close. In November, we issued $6.1 billion in USD and euro bonds, achieving an all-in debt interest rate of 6.5%, inclusive of Tapestry's existing debt and consistent with our expectations. Our financing strategy supports rapid debt pay-down in order to achieve our stated leverage target within 24 months post close, given the combined company's strong free cash flow generation. We're moving forward with integration planning efforts and continue to gain confidence in our ability to achieve run rate cost synergies of over $200 million within three years of closing. And finally, we're continuing to work towards receiving all required regulatory approvals, and as publicly announced by the Chinese Regulatory Authority, the transaction received clearance in China. In terms of timing, we remain confident in our ability to complete the transaction with a close expected in calendar 2024, consistent with our original expectations. In closing, for the quarter, we drove strong results, highlighted by revenue gains, significant margin expansion, earnings growth and cash flow generation while continuing to invest in the long-term growth of our business. This outperformance demonstrates the power of our strategies, operating model and talented global teams. Looking forward, we will remain disciplined stewards of our brands and business with an unwavering commitment to drive sustainable, profitable growth and shareholder returns for years to come. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim.
Robert Drbul: Hi. Good morning. Congratulations on a great quarter. Can you talk about the strength you're seeing at Coach at the Coach brand and your confidence in maintaining the momentum? And separately, I just have a question on the deal. Since you announced the transaction, we've seen a softening of trends at Capri. Can you just give us an update on if and how this has changed any of your thinking? Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning, Bob. We delivered a solid holiday quarter, which is a testament to the strong and passionate teams we have around the world. And first, I want to recognize that we are executing consistently. We delivered growth across revenue, operating income and earnings per share. In fact, we delivered record second quarter earnings per share. And at the same time, we're delivering gross margin and operating margin expansion, really showing that we're maintaining brand health while delivering against our earnings commitments, which is protecting the bright future we see for our brand. These results speak to the operational excellence and the discipline that we've shown now for over three years, and we're driving strong and consistent free cash flow. And to your point, importantly, we are gaining momentum at Coach. And instead of stealing all of Todd's thunder, maybe I'll pass it to him to let him comment on that momentum, the sustainability of that momentum and then I'll come back at the end and pick up your question on the acquisition. Todd?
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne, and good morning, Bob. I'm feeling very confident about our future because of our brand positioning of expressive luxury, which we launched in September of '23. What it did, it provided us with a clarity and focus on the target market, the timeless Gen Z consumer. With that consumer in mind this fall and into holiday, we launched our Wear your Shine campaign. The traction that we've seen with this campaign building on momentum of previous purpose campaign confirms the opportunity to talk to our clients in an authentic, unique and meaningful way. Turning to product. Our innovation is working as demonstrated by our Tabby family, which I can't talk enough about. So when you take our storytelling and compelling product together, we are driving meaningful growth with new and younger consumers and generating brand heat. This leads me to talk about what we refer to as coachgenomic. We grow our gross margin by reducing COGS, increasing initial pricing and reducing promotions, coupled with efficient non-marketing SG&A, allows us to invest in full funnel marketing, which drives productive sales. This creates a virtuous flywheel. Growing sales enhances the lifetime value of our new and younger clients. Our coachgenomic model bodes well for our future growth in the quarters and years ahead.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, thanks, Todd. And let me pick up on your question on the acquisition. I'll start by saying these are great brands, and we remain excited about the runway ahead. We recognize the opportunity to unlock value by improving execution, leveraging the Tapestry platform, and we have continued confidence evidenced by the coach results that Todd just referenced, that our strategies and our execution deliver. And in terms of the deal, the economics remain strong. We're making progress as we expected towards the close in this calendar year that's unchanged from our prior outlook. And in the meantime, integration planning efforts continue. I've been impressed with how the teams are working together. And we continue to gain confidence in the opportunities where we can add value. Importantly, though, we remain laser-focused on driving our organic business, which is reflected in the strong second quarter beat and raise we reported today.
Robert Drbul: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, good morning. I'll add my congrats. So I guess maybe this is for Scott or Joanne. But I think, Scott, back in August, I'm trying to think about the business organically, so excluding the pre any deals. In August, you gave us some updated thoughts on the fiscal '25 organic goals you guys have set for yourself, which included the 19% margins and you took the $5 down to $465 because of the lack of repo. Curious if you could give us some updated thoughts on how those targets are evolving internally? And really, Scott, I'm specifically asking because your brand performance looks very different versus your initial goals with the Coach margins looking to come in at least this year, probably a few hundred basis points above the 30% goal you set for fiscal '25 and kind of the opposite several hundred basis points below the mid-teens goals. So any just thoughts on how that's all evolving would help us when we kind of think about the business organically into next year.
Scott Roe: Yes, sure. I'm happy to take it. So just to reiterate, first of all, the $465, which is really the -- as you said, the $5was the curtailment of the share repos, we still have confidence. And yes, has it evolved a little differently? It has. But I think not only is this a testament to the momentum that you see in Coach, but also, I think it speaks to our model, right? And the discipline being capital allocators. We're feeding those opportunities where we see growth. You're seeing the discipline across the P&L, as Joanne mentioned, in terms of gross margin expansion. We're getting leverage across most cost areas and reinvesting back where we see points of difference in the ability to drive the brand. So while it's evolved a little bit differently, yes, we still have the confidence, and I think that just speaks to the diversity of the model and I think the discipline in this organization.
Ike Boruchow: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks and congrats on the nice quarter.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Matt
Matthew Boss: So Joanne, as we think about new customer acquisition, could you speak to differentiation of the Tapestry portfolio platform that you think allows the product innovation, data capabilities that support the continued global momentum? And then for Scott, could you speak to the continued gross margin drivers multiyear, maybe beyond this year's freight recovery? And just how best to think about or any change to double-digit accretion in year 1 from the planned acquisition?
Joanne Crevoiserat: So I'll kick it off on our customer -- what we call customer obsession. And it is really the engine that drives growth for our brands, but frankly, for all brands. And it really does start with being curious about the customer and understanding how to bring our brand to the market with even more relevance, more connectivity and truly a more emotional -- creating a more emotional connection with the consumer. We start that -- it really permeates our entire value chain. So we start early with understanding who our target customer is and what the true DNA of each of our brands is and how that fits. But then we talk to a lot of customers. We do a tremendous amount of customer research, not only research that does our brand tracking, but deeper ethnographic research to understand how the customer feels in a store environment feels about our product, feels about their outlook on the world, and that's something that always changes. So it's a continuous curiosity, I would say, in the company. We ingest those -- that data across our company. And I talk a lot about putting the data and the insights in the hands of decision makers, the ways of working have changed at Tapestry over the last four years. And our teams are better and better gaining these insights and applying them to all of our work across the value chain. So we are using this not only in our brand positioning, but also in our product development, understanding as we develop products who we are speaking to and what value we are delivering, both emotional value as well as functional value, what needs we're fulfilling for the consumer. And then we leverage data and insight as it relates to pricing, as it relates to our assortment, the breadth and depth of our assortment and allocation across the world and where that product and how that product shows up around the world, we test and learn on our website and some of our marketing capabilities so that we can continue to improve our execution. So all the way -- and I don't know if I mentioned pricing, but pricing as well. So all the way through the value chain. And importantly, our focus has been to attract younger consumers to our brands. And we've seen a lot of traction with our execution behind the insights that we found. And you can see that, as we talked about the 2.5 million new customers we attracted the brands in this past quarter, nearly half being Gen Z and Millennial that is critical for us to continue to create the momentum we want to create for each of our brands. And then Scott I don't know if you want to pick up the gross margin drivers?
Scott Roe: Yes. I'd love to. I'd love to talk about gross margin, and I'll really start where you ended. And I think even if you look at this year, Matt, reinvesting back in those capabilities that help us understand who these consumers are, all the things that Joanne said, that's what gives us confidence in our pricing power longer term, and that's a key driver. And we see that when you take out the noise of freight and some of the other things, some of the mix, regional, all that stuff that's going on quarter-by-quarter, we still see that core operational improvement is coming through, and we expect that to continue. And I'm not going to give -- we're not giving '25 and beyond guidance other than the earnings reaffirmation on the 465 that I talked about, but one of the key linchpins is what Todd and Joanne talked about that flywheel, reinvesting back in the business which reinforces our margins and that -- those margins that allow us to both increase our profitability and reinvest at the same time. You also asked a little bit about double-digit accretion in year one. Short answer, I assume we're talking about the Capri deal? The answer is yes. And I would also just add, in addition to accretion, which is kind of a mathematics problem, we also see strong returns in excess of our WACC. So we see return on capital that is also accretive as we continue to look at the deal. Remember, we never bought into necessarily your all's estimates. We had what we call prudent assumptions on the condition of the business and we still have confidence in those key drivers.
Matthew Boss: Great. Best of luck.
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to focus on China for a minute. Understanding the year-over-year comparisons are pretty volatile. Joanne, can you just zoom out and give us your view on the health of the Chinese consumer? And what's driving the Coach brand strength in China specifically?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Sure. We continue to believe that China represents long-term opportunity across our brands. And as you know, we've been in the market for a long time with the Coach brand over two decades. As it relates to the business right now, we are seeing a slower pace of recovery in the market. But our China business was landed right in line with our expectations in the second quarter at up '19. Our outlook for this fiscal year is that we will drive mid-single-digit growth in the year. That expectation is unchanged. So the dynamics in the market are unfolding the way we expected. And again, we continue to have confidence in the long-term opportunity in the market. And what's driving our success is that our teams in the market are doing an excellent job building our brands and connecting with consumers. We continue to see consumer desire for our brands is strong and we saw that through the second quarter. And importantly, in the surveys we field in the market purchase intent in our category handbags and leather goods is still high with consumers in the market. So again, expectations are high. Maybe I'll pass it to Todd, if there's any other color on your secret sauce in the market, Todd?
Todd Kahn: Well, I won't give away the full secret sauce, but I will say building on your comment. We feel really good about China, particularly the long-term opportunities in China. And one of the things that I point to and one of the questions all of you ask me every quarter is how do you continue to AUR growth and expansion. When you look at where the Coach brand sits today and the white space between us and traditional European luxury, that's at an all-time high. And in a market like China, where maybe people are being more frugal and thoughtful about their purchase, that bodes very well for Coach. So I'm excited by the white space. I'm excited by our brand positioning, expressive luxury is working, as Joanne said in the prepared remarks. Our last quarter, we saw growth in all markets, including China. So excited by what we have coming up and we're already seeing Coachtopia take hold in that market in a really meaningful way.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Brooke Roach of Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Good morning and thank you for taking our question. Joanne, I was hoping you could provide some additional thoughts on how you're thinking about the outlook for North America handbag and accessories, but specifically both for your Coach brand and for Kate Spade? What's driving the underlying confidence in stronger growth in the back half of the year, specifically in fiscal fourth quarter? And how are you thinking about that relative to the competitive pressures that you might be seeing in the market?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. North American market is always competitive. We love a competitive market, and we're performing. What we saw in Q2, our business was flat with last year, in line with last year, but above our expectations. And we're driving that business at higher margins. So we continue to prioritize a healthy business and healthy -- and managing a healthy business, and we will focus on healthy growth in the market. What we see happening in the market is, frankly, the consumer is being choiceful and they're responding to newness and innovation and the elevated brand messaging that we're delivering in the market. And we'll continue to do that. Our outlook for the rest of the year is, frankly, in line with where it was in the first half. So no dramatic inflection in the first -- between first half and second half of the year. We think trends will be in line. But again, we're managing the business in a healthy way. We grew AUR last quarter, expanded gross margin and operating margin. Our inventories importantly are well positioned, not only in North America, but globally. So we expect to continue to manage a healthy business in North America as we move forward.
Brooke Roach: Great. Thank you.
Todd Kahn: And the only thing I'll add for Coach is, obviously, we're always aware of competition, but we're playing our own game. And this new virtuous flywheel where we're really growing these new customers, 1.5 million in North America last year. They're younger, they're transacting at a higher AUR, that's the fuel, that's the cogenomics that will play out in many quarters ahead. So they're coming in our brand. We're touching them through expressive luxury through with purpose and innovation. And as long as we keep doing that, using our data, I think there's so much room for growth in North America. We feel really stronger – good about what's ahead of us, particularly in the fourth quarter where we have easier comps, obviously. But beyond the comp issue, we just see a lot of growth ahead even in our most mature market because as we saw, we can continue to grow awareness. So that's really important for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Binetti of Evercore.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys, thanks for taking our question. I'll add my congrats on a nice quarter. Maybe just a near-term one first. On the revenue guidance for flat in third quarter, is that what you're seeing today? Maybe just comment there? It sounded like you're seeing an inflection in China with some of the comments on tourism, but then Todd also mentioned some choicefulness from the consumers as well. Maybe just a little color on what you expect in China in the second half. And then maybe jump ball, Joanne and Scott. Scott since we've talked about this for a lot of years at your previous life about the philosophy and the filters you used to assess which brands belong in a portfolio of brands. I'm curious how you guys look ahead to being a house of six brands on of different scales, different market shares within the sub-categories, different global opportunities. And maybe speak a little bit about what are the lenses you use at Tapestry to determine which brands are best fit within this platform?
Scott Roe: Yes. Sure, Michael. I'll take the first part of that. And you haven't read our website and all that's out there, anyway. The third quarter really -- there's a lot of noise to make it simple. The biggest issue is China, right? So, if you think about in Q2, we were up 19%, in line with our guide. Our expectations, really that was anniversary and COVID issues. And then we had revenge spending, right, which is coming in Q3, so it's a tougher compare. But when you zoom out from that to click and look at the overall, we said mid-single digits last quarter in terms of our expectation, that's right where we are today. So yes, there's noise quarter by quarter. It puts particular pressure in the third quarter from a top and bottom line. But when you zoom out and look at the top, we beat in the second quarter, we took the full year up, right? So I would ask you to understand the noise but really don't lose the big picture here.
Michael Binetti: Got it.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Let me pick up the portfolio shaping -- portfolio question you asked. We are creating a global house of iconic brands. And what's important to us, the most important thing is that these brands are iconic and that they trade in attractive and growing categories. Adding these brands to our platform, we've talked about the strong industrial logic of this transaction. It extends our reach across customer segments, across geographies and across product categories. So it provides more diversification for our business, and taken together, enhances our opportunity to drive value, superior value for all of our stakeholders. We are disciplined capital allocators. And to your point, we -- any capital allocation decision we make, we use a four-lens framework. You mentioned lenses. There is rigor and discipline in our evaluation. That's how we arrived at the decision to make the acquisition of Capri. And the four lenses are really first does it fit with our strategies as a company. Second, what do we bring as an owner? Are we a good owner of these assets. Third, what is the financial outcome we expect in the modeling and the shareholder return we expect. And the fourth lens is really a degree of difficulty of execution. And as we evaluated all of those, we landed on this Capri acquisition is quite compelling. And any future capital allocation decision we make will apply those same four lenses and the same rigor and discipline.
Michael Binetti: Thanks a lot, guys. Again, great quarter.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you. Good morning. A couple of questions on Kate. First, you talked about the need to accelerate some of the changes there. What are the insights you've gathered over the last few quarters that are informing the changes you're making to plans over the next few seasons here? And then separately, on margin, you are delivering margin expansion at Kate despite the ongoing sales pressure this year, which is nice to see. So I was hoping you could just update us on how you're thinking about that path to the mid or even high teens EBIT margin. What's the time line there? And is there a level of revenue that is needed to get within that range? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Mark. We remain confident, to your point, in the strategies and our long-term vision for Kate Spade. The team exercised incredible discipline and agility in the quarter. To your point, we expanded gross margin, operating margin and profit. All of those were ahead of last year and ahead of our expectations. But to your point, the top line remains challenging. We didn't see an inflection from first quarter. So we saw a continuation of our first quarter trends. And we have higher aspirations for the brand as it relates to growth. We noted an opportunity to improve our execution and really three key areas we talked about in our prepared remarks. We've been focused on strengthening the core handbag foundation. And that continues to be an opportunity. Where we've delivered newness and innovation in our core handbag assortment, we are seeing the customer respond. And we will see as we move into the back half newness grow, both in the back half and into fiscal 2025. Newness will grow as a percent in penetration in our assortment. The second opportunity that we see is an opportunity to power the omni-channel experience with our consumers. You saw us launch outlet.com in the last quarter. That is an important foundational element to provide consumers a real 360 experience and a quality 360 experience with the brand. We believe that we can build on that foundation as we move forward. And then last, it's an opportunity to drive more emotional marketing to fuel brand heat. So it's around the execution in these three points. You'll see us -- actually, this week, we launched our spring campaign. We'll be investing more in top-of-funnel marketing to cut through the noise and drive more brand heat. We have clear actions in place. We're moving with speed to achieve those higher aspirations we have for the brand. The pace of the margin improvement is welcome this year, again, ahead of expectations in the quarter. And we expect continued growth, both on the top line as well as margin. And certainly, top line growth is a part of it. But as we demonstrated this quarter, there are other opportunities that we are leveraging to drive growth in operating margin.
Scott Roe: Yes. And maybe I'll just do a quick build on that, Mark. We do still see a path to the teens operating margin. And I think this year, even overall at Tapestry with modest growth, I mean, a couple of percent of growth, the discipline of our teams and you think about everything from gross margin expansion, controlling expenses and operating margin expansion even as the top line has been pressured, that's disciplined, right? And we didn't mention it but inventory, down teens -- overall down teens in this brand, right? So we've made room for innovation and new product coming in the second time. One thing that our insights do and don't do, as I've said repeatedly, they don't make us infallible, right? But they, in general, help us make better decisions and because of our model and our direct-to-consumer data, we see trends and issues quicker. So that's allowed us to react in terms of inventory, to react in terms of expenses. And that's one of the reasons that you see this gross margin and operating expansion in Kate even with the pressure on the top line.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen of TD Cowen.
Oliver Chen: Hi. Thank you very much. Tabby has been a really great platform. What do you see ahead? And will there be others that will be great second platforms in addition to Tabby? As we think about that average unit retail, is it more mix or like-for-like or a combination of both? And then on the Kate Spade side, why was now the right time for outlet? And you mentioned strengthening the core a few times. Just would love thoughts on what that really means and what your consumer research is indicating that you need there? And finally, Todd, Coachtopia has been amazing. Just how material is that for our modeling? And where do you see that heading at the penetration over time? Thank you.
Todd Kahn: I count it five questions total. Did we get that right? Do you want me to take the three.
Joanne Crevoiserat: We'll kick it off with Tabby, Todd. I think that's a great place to start.
Todd Kahn: I agree. Thank you, Oliver. First of all, Tabby is an incredible platform. And platforms aren't created by us, platforms are created by our clients. They vote, ultimately. Our job is to continue to innovate on a platform, keeping it relevant. And you see that with Tabby. I see Tabby as something that isn't a season or a year. It's a multiyear opportunity. We just launched Quilted Tabby. This is phenomenal. Really early readings, but it's doing incredibly well. And every time we launch a new iteration of Tabby in different fabrications or treatment, what it does is it elevates all of Tabby. So we're super pleased with what we're seeing there. On AUR, it is the combo of both initial pricing, less discounting, being really disciplined in our approach. So we're excited by that. Lastly, Coachtopia. Coachtopia is not meaningful enough from a dollars perspective yet to put in your model. What Coachtopia is doing for us is giving us a halo effect, I said this before, it basically outpunches its size yet. What we've seen is it's creating incredible desire and relevancy in the brand. There are some opportunities in Coachtopia that I think will, over time, become very big. The loop product for one, which is effectively a nylon product, which in our history, we have not particularly been strong with, that's resonating, And I could see that becoming something very material and maybe in a giant platform of its own one day. But again, it's not for us to decide. It's for our clients and consumers to vote.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And I'll pick up the Kate question quickly here as we approach the end of our time. But for outlet.com at Kate, it really is about creating a better experience for our customers and a more 360 experience that customers in all channels at Kate Spade or served a tremendous experience in outlet.com allows us to do that, and we're excited about building on that foundation. And what we hear from our customers about strengthening the core handbag. Kate has very strong core equities. They're clear and enjoy and self-expression, but where they tell us Kate is not known for signature product or branding codes. That's the opportunity that we continue to build. You saw with Dakota that we launched stronger hardware, stronger branding codes. We're excited about the Madison launch. It's a coated cannabis spade flower signature program at outlet last quarter, and that's off to a good start, and that's the work of the work. That's what we're focused on doing at Kate. But we're excited about the runway ahead there.
Oliver Chen: Best regards. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take a question from Paul Lejuez of Citi.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, thanks guys. Curious what drove the gross margin beat. I think you mentioned operational performance, but any more specific there in terms of by brand or channel? And how are you thinking about puts and takes in the second half, specifically on the freight side, I think you mentioned you may be seeing some pressure in dollars going up on the freight side as well. Any quantification that you can provide? Thanks.
Scott Roe: Yes, happy to. What a great story, right? Over 300 basis points in the quarter and about 170 of that was freight. And as you correctly said, we expect it to moderate but still be positive in the second half. And I think for the full year with a 200 basis point expansion in our outlook, there's about 120 of freight benefit for the full year. So it's still positive, but moderating somewhat in the second half. And again, I'll reference an earlier comment. As you think forward, obviously, we're not going to give any outlook for '25. But I would just say that operationally, which is really what Todd was talking about in Coach. And by the way, we grew gross margin across all our brands. I don't know if I said that earlier. But really, it's that pricing power, which is a combination of headline prices and discipline around discounts. We see that coming through underneath all the freight noise and mix and all that stuff quarter-by-quarter, and we would expect, based on our reinvestment in our brands, increased marketing and the insights and understanding we have of the consumer that we expect that to continue as we move forward.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks. Good luck.
Scott Roe: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer. I will now turn it over to Joanne for some concluding remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, thank you for joining us and for your interest in our story, and thank you to our talented global team who continue to build our brands and our relationships with consumers. It's clear that our strategies and consistent disciplined execution are delivering. We achieved record second quarter revenue and earnings per share and raised our earnings outlook for the full year while investing for the future. I'm confident in our significant runway ahead to drive sustainable growth and shareholder returns from this strong foundation. Thanks again and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes Tapestry's earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-11-09 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to this Tapestry Conference call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our first quarter results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Roe, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website. www.tavestry.com/investors and then view the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with highlights for Tapestry and our brand. Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities and our outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina. And welcome everyone. As noted in our press release, we achieve record first quarter earnings per share as we meaningfully advanced our strategic priorities against the dynamic external backdrop. Our consistent progress demonstrates the power of brand building, customer centricity, and disciplined execution, which enable us to fuel innovation and cultivate new and lasting relationships with consumers around the world. I want to thank our talented global teams for their passion and unwavering focus, which continue to drive our strong and differentiated results. Touching on the strategic and financial highlights for the quarter. First, we powered global growth, achieving 2% constant currency revenue gains consistent with our outlook and underscoring the benefits of our globally diversified business model. This top line growth was fueled by a 7% gain internationally, which included a 9% increase in Greater China, again surpassing our peak in FY21. In addition, our business with Chinese consumers globally rose low double digits, supported by improving tourist trends in Asia and Europe. Looking ahead, while the consumer environment in China continues to be volatile, we remain committed to investing behind our brands, leveraging Tapestry’s established platform in the region to drive long-term growth both in China and with this important consumer cohort worldwide. Turning to Japan, we drove continued momentum with revenue rising 12%. And in other Asia and Europe, sales were relatively in line with the prior year. Finally, in North America, we delivered revenue roughly in line with last year and consistent with our expectations. Despite the challenging consumer backdrop in the United States, we are driving a healthy business underscored by significant growth and operating margin expansion compared to last year. Second, we remain focused on building customer engagement across our brands, harnessing the power of our data-rich platform. In the quarter, we acquired over 1.2 million new customers in North America alone, of which roughly half were Gen Z and Millennials as we advance our strategy to attract younger consumers to our brands. Importantly, we continue to see new customers transact at a higher AUR than the balance of our customer base. Third, we delivered unique and seamless omnichannel experiences, reinforcing the benefits of our operating model. We drove growth in direct-to-consumer sales on a constant currency basis, including a low single-digit gain in brick-and-mortar sales supported by our world class field organization and a store fleet that is proven and highly profitable. In addition, we maintained our strong positioning in Digital, leveraging our established capabilities to connect with consumers across their purchase journey. While sales declined slightly, revenues still represented nearly 25% of sales, approximately three times pre-pandemic levels. Fourth, we fueled fashion innovation and product excellence, delivering compelling newness and value to customers around the world, with success in new launches and branding elements outperforming expectations and fueling handbag AURs globally. At the same time, we delivered outsize top line gains in our small leather goods and lifestyle offerings, key to enhancing brand relevance and fueling customer lifetime value. Taking together, we generated record first quarter earnings per share, increasing at a high teens rate compared to the prior year, which we accomplished despite a volatile demand backdrop. Our strong and consistent results reinforced the power of our brands and strategies, amplified by the advantages and agility of our model. As we look forward, we remain laser-focused and confident in our ability to drive sustainable, profitable growth. Now, turning to the highlights across each of our brands, starting with Coach. Our team continued to bring expressive luxury to life, building the brand through emotional consumer connections, innovation that encourages self-expression and immersive, omni-channel experiences. These strategies are driving sustainable momentum and exceptional financial results, highlighted by 5% constant currency revenue growth and 180 basis points of operating margin expansion, supported by strong gross margin gains. Touching on some details of the quarter. First, we fueled growth in our leather goods offering by leaning into our iconic platforms. We reinforced our key families, including Tabby, Willow and Rogue, through a continued focus on core style while animating the icons to drive excitement. Tabby again outperformed expectations nearly doubling versus last year with strength across bags and small leather goods as strong AUR relative to the balance. We are continuing to iterate on this icon including a new size in our shoulder bag, which over indexed with the younger consumer, as well as a braided option of our soft style. Overall, Tabby remains an important volume and recruitment driver for the brand. And we see even further runway ahead. At the same time, Willow and Rogue remained important volume drivers within the assortment. In keeping with consumer trends, we also launched new silhouettes across a range of price points and sensibilities, including the idle shoulder bag, which was a notable highlight in Greater China, where AUR was well ahead of the average. Overall, our creative and innovative products supported a mid-single-digit gain in global handbag AUR at constant currency, including growth in North America. Importantly, we see continued runway for pricing improvements given our innovation pipeline and brand heat. Second, we delivered gains across lifestyle, an area of long-term opportunity for the brand. We drove top-line growth and ready-to-wear footwear in men as we develop our core families with a goal of driving customer recruitment, purchase frequency, and ultimately, customer lifetime value. In ready-to-wear, we focused on our strategy of building a timeless assortment of key styles that represent a compelling value. This included the successful launch of our snap front leather jacket at a $695 price point, as well as success in our evergreen trench coats. In footwear, the Leo Loafer remained a top seller and delivered significant growth. And in men, we delivered outsized gains, driven by the performance of our Relay Tote, which was again a top style, while the newly introduced Beck family of sporty and sophisticated options also delivered strong results. Third, we created purpose-led storytelling directly tied to our product. We began the quarter with a debut of our third purpose campaign, Wear Your Shine, which inspires consumers to express themselves authentically using fashion as a means for personal expression and empowerment. The Shine collection includes metallic and sparkle bags ready-to-wear and accessories, allowing customers to shine brightly. Our campaign featured new global ambassadors including Dove Cameron and Youngji Li. We've brought the campaign to life through experiences across the world with physical and digital activations, from campus takeovers in the US to a partnership with Vogue World in Europe to pop-up installments across Asia. Overall, the success of this campaign helped to support the acquisition of approximately 800,000 new customers in North America, including a growing number of millennials and Gen Z. Fourth, we focused on deepening connections with consumers by further developing our customer insights capabilities to build stronger and longer-term connections. In keeping with this strategic pillar, we launched a trial on Amazon in September. The platform provides broad consumer reach and plays a vital role in the customer's discovery and purchase journey, specifically for younger cohorts. And finally, we built momentum in our sub-brand Coachtopia, our reimagination of the product creation process to evolve our vision of circularity. We expanded our reach in North America while launching in Japan with additional international opportunities in the pipeline. We've also further innovated across the assortment, including our Coachtopia loop collection, designed with a mono material approach, recycled PET plastic. While Coachtopia remains a small portion of the assortment, we are very excited by the significant consumer attention, specifically with younger audiences. Looking ahead to holiday, we're continuing to focus on building stronger emotional connections with our consumer base while prioritizing brand health. And we remain disciplined in our approach to discounting in an increasingly promotional environment. We're bringing our purpose to life, delivering an emotional narrative through our more than a gift holiday campaign, which celebrates the gifts that give us confidence to be ourselves. We're also leaning into the strength of our Shine campaign, layering onto the successful launch of our metallic series with a gold addition to capitalize on the holiday theme. In closing, Coach continues to deliver with a clear strategy, unique and authentic purpose, and commitment to driving sustainable, healthy growth through profit gains that fund brand building. We remain focused on fueling further momentum and are confident in the tremendous runway ahead for this iconic brand. Now, moving to Kate spade. During the quarter, top line performance improved sequentially amid a difficult demand backdrop. Importantly, we expanded gross margin and delivered another quarter of handbag AUR gains which fueled increases in operating profit and margin. At the same time, we continued to invest in the brand and capabilities that underpin our long-term ambition. We remain confident in our strategies and our agile as we focus on driving enhanced innovation and financial results. In the quarter, we advanced our strategic initiative. First, we remain focused on building a compelling and innovative handbag offering. We launched the Dakota family in retail, which features new signature hardware. The bold and modern collection outperformed our expectations, resonating with younger consumers at an above average AUR. Based on Dakota's initial performance, we're excited to build momentum through marketing amplification and the introduction of new styles within the family. And an outlet, we accelerated the introduction of Madison, a collection of reinvigorated Saffiano leather styles to build out the core offering. The family outperformed plan and over-indexed with new and younger customers, while also driving an increase in customer reactivation, underscoring future opportunity. Having said that, performance in carryover families declined, reinforcing our strategic decision to move with urgency to accelerate the pace of newness to drive stronger customer engagement and financial results. Touching on novelty, which continued to bring heightened emotion to the brand and build out the world of Kate spade, our Martini collection embedded across our lifestyle categories resonated with our customer base, notably among our highest spending customers. Overall, our product initiatives, coupled with our use of data to deepen our understanding of consumer preferences, supported mid-single-digit, handbag AUR growth globally, demonstrating our commitment to brand building and fueling innovation. Next, we advanced our strategy to become more lifestyle with momentum in jewelry and footwear where we deliver double digit top line growth. Jewelry remained an important acquisition vehicle with outsized resonance among younger consumers while footwear outperformed on strength in loafers and sneakers as we infuse Kate spade’s branding and codes into key styles. We know that customers who shop across categories are our highest value customers demonstrating the importance of the brand's lifestyle offering as a long-term growth driver. Now touching on marketing, we delivered campaigns that express the world of Kate spade with a direct link to our product offering. In the quarter, we evolved our New York Fashion Week presentation to further engage the broader community including our creators loft, a three day pop up designed to support up and coming Gen Z creators. Further, in keeping with our brand values, we hosted the Global Summit on Women's Mental Health and Empowerment in partnership with Pinterest, which brought together leaders from Kate spade’s Social Impact Council and key industry partners to encourage conversation, education, and research around this important cause. These campaigns and engagements, alongside our compelling product offering, drove an improvement in brand consideration in the U.S. compared to last year, which included notable increase among young female millennials per YouGOV. At the same time, our efforts helped to support the recruitment of over 400,000 new customers in North America alone. Next, consistent with our priority of becoming more global, we invested in brand activations across international markets to drive awareness, a key opportunity. As such, we launched experiential events supporting the introduction of Dakota, including a playful giant Dakota bag in Japan, a traveling bus serving Matcha across Singapore, and branded taxis featuring our iconic green dots and stripes in the U.K. These activations successfully introduced new and younger customers to our brand. Finally, we remain focused on the omnichannel opportunities for the brand. In October, we launched a dedicated Kate spade Outlet.com site replacing the brand's surprise site in order to provide a more cohesive way for outlet consumers to discover and shop the brand online. Importantly, the seamless launch of the site enables us to offer our customers a consistent omnichannel outlet experience across product, marketing, and messaging. For the upcoming holiday shopping season, we will lean into Kate spade's unique positioning as a brand that embodies joy and celebration. We're launching distinctive newness in core platforms across channels. In retail, we will expand the Dakota family building on our recent success. In Outlet, we will animate the Madison Collection with the introduction of a mini duffel. We're also excited to launch our Spade flower coated canvas pattern, establishing a new signature branding platform for the channel. We also have compelling gifting and novelty assortments designed to drive differentiation and customer engagement. In marketing, we will focus on storytelling, highlighting Kate spade's optimistic and playful spirit, true to the brand and the holiday season. In addition, we are launching physical activations of our brand codes globally while delivering content that reinforces our product strategies. Overall, we're making important progress at Kate spade, executing with intention and agility to forge strong emotional bonds with consumers, while at the same time driving enhanced profitability. Our go-forward strategy is clear, and we are well positioned to successfully navigate the dynamic environment in the near term while delivering on our long-term ambition for the brand. Turning to Stuart Weitzman. Results in the quarter were pressured against the volatile external backdrop. Specifically, top line trends reflected a continued reduction in off-price wholesale shipments as well as a slower than anticipated recovery in China. That said, we achieved positive wholesale trends at POS and expanded gross margin. While we are unsatisfied with the brand's performance, we are focused on prioritizing brand health and delivering innovation for consumers. Touching on key elements of the brand's strategic growth pillars. First, during the quarter, we curated a relevant offering of emotional product. Our core collection of boots and booties drove outsized recruitment of younger customers, while at the same time driving last customer reactivation. Our expanded 50-50 family outperformed expectations as we introduced modern takes on the iconic boot, including new colorways backed by our fall campaign, which I'll touch on in a moment. Further, we continued to build out the brand's offering, notably with more seasonless, casual styles, and keeping with evolving consumer preferences. To this end, loafers as well as our assortment of on-trend ballet-style flats resonated with consumers highlighting potential in these relatively under penetrated categories. And just this month, we launched a new sneaker campaign, featuring an extensive range of innovative designs engineered to combine fashion and function, a hallmark of the brand. At the same time, our handbag collection, while still a small portion of the assortment, drove engagement with both new and existing clients at high AUR. Next, we leveraged new marketing tactics to fuel brand heat and consideration. In September, we launched the invincibly iconic fall campaign centered around a nostalgic 50-50 boot in celebration of our 30th anniversary. We've employed a multi-pronged approach to our marketing, including utilizing an array of influencers to organically engage with consumers, from He Kong to Kim Kardashian to Sophia Richie-Grange. For holiday, we will continue to drive engagement through this campaign, celebrating the brand's heritage and capitalizing on its strength and boots and booties during the peak season. Overall, while the brand has seen continued pressure from external conditions in its core markets, the Stuart Weitzman team is focused on executing against the brand's strategic priorities, building a stronger foundation with relevant assortments and new categories to deepen consumer engagement and improve profitability over the long term. In closing, we have meaningfully advanced our strategic agenda, remaining focused on powering our iconic brands to move at the speed of the consumer in an ever-changing environment. As a result, we are in a position of strength with meaningful runway for sustainable growth. Through a relentless drive to fuel brand magic and deliver for our customers, we are confident in our ability to achieve organic top and bottom line gains. Further, through the planned acquisition of Capri Holdings, we see a significant opportunity to accelerate our strategies while driving accretion to our strong standalone financial plan. Importantly, this combination establishes a new powerful global house of luxury and fashion brands that expands our portfolio reach across consumer segments, geographies, and product categories. By bringing together six iconic brands with heritage and design and craftsmanship and leveraging our modern consumer engagement platform, we will drive greater innovation, consumer connectivity, and cultural relevance, creating superior value for our consumers, employees, communities, and shareholders around the world. We are making progress towards closing the transaction and look forward to sharing more detailed strategies for the future at the appropriate time. With that, I'll turn it over to Scott, who will discuss our financial results, capital priorities, and fiscal ‘24 outlook. Scott?
Scott Roe: Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. Our results continue to demonstrate the benefits of our business model, as well as our financial discipline and agility. In the first quarter, we drove growth across revenue, operating income and earnings despite the volatile backdrop. Moving to the details of the quarter, beginning with revenue trends on a constant currency basis. Sales increased roughly 2% compared to the prior year when excluding 130 basis point FX headwind. Our results were again fueled by international, which grew 7%. In Greater China, revenue rose 9% and represented growth against our prior peak levels in 2021. At the same time, we've continued to see an uptick in travel spend from mainland China tourists with notable increases in Japan, Hong Kong, Macau, Southeast Asia, and to a lesser extent Europe. While these trends have been encouraging, sales to Chinese tourists globally remain below pre-pandemic levels, representing further opportunity ahead. In Japan, we drove continued momentum with sales growth of 12% aided by increases with tourists and in other Asia, revenue was roughly flat to last year as the region lapped last year's growth of over 100%. In Europe, revenue was 1% below last year, largely in line with plan. And in North America, sales were roughly flat to last year as expected. Despite the continued difficult backdrop in the region, we delivered gross and operating margin expansion, underscoring our commitment to brand health and not chasing sales. Now touching on revenue by channel for the quarter, our direct-to-consumer business grew 1%, fueled by low single-digit gain in stores. And in wholesale, revenue was 4% ahead of prior year, reflecting growth in our full price accounts, mostly from Coach’s trial on Amazon, partially offset by a strategic reduction in off-price shipments and broader wholesale market pressure in North America. Moving down the P&L, we delivered our strongest first quarter gross margin in a decade which was ahead of our projection and 250 basis points above last year. This year-over-year expansion included 150 basis points of favorable freight expense, as well as operational outperformance fueled by net pricing improvements. SG&A rose 3% favorable to our forecast on both a dollar and rate basis, reflecting operational savings. We continue to utilize these savings to reinvest in the business through high return initiatives, notably platform investments and brand building activities to drive long-term growth. Taking together operating margin and operating income were ahead of the prior year and our expectations. And our record first quarter EPS of $0.93 was ahead of our guidance and represented growth of 18%. Moving to the balance sheet and cash flows, we ended the quarter with $639 million in cash and investments and total borrowings of $1.65 billion. Free cash flow was an inflow of $54 million, including CapEx and implementation costs related to Cloud computing of $29 million. Inventory levels at quarter end were 17% below prior year, reflecting our focus on disciplined inventory management, as well as a lower level of in transits given the normalization and lead times. Heading into the important holiday season, we're pleased with the makeup of our inventory and are well positioned globally. Turning to our dividend program, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.35 per common share, representing $80 million in dividend payments for the quarter. For the fiscal year, we continue to expect to return approximately $325 million to shareholders through the dividend for an annual rate of $1.40 per share, a 17% increase compared to last year. As a reminder, given the acquisition of Capri Holdings, we've made the strategic decision to suspend share repurchase activity. Now moving to our guidance for fiscal ‘24, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis and does not include any potential impact from the planned acquisition of Capri. We are maintaining our earnings and operating cash flow outlook for the fiscal year, despite forecasting a more moderate rate of sales growth and have reduced our top line guidance by approximately $175 million. This includes roughly $100 million of FX pressure on a year-over-year basis, and approximately $75 million related to a more cautious outlook in Asia and North America, given the difficult demand backdrop. Despite these pressures, we're able to reiterate our fiscal ‘24 EPS expectations on a stronger than anticipated margin performance, reinforcing the benefits of our agile platform and our focus on disciplined execution and brand management. Moving into the fiscal year in further detail, we expect revenue of approximately $6.7 billion, representing a slight increase versus the prior year on a reported basis. Excluding an FX headwind of roughly 150 basis points, we anticipate constant currency sales growth of 2% to 3%. Turning to sales details by region at constant currency, in North America, we anticipate revenue to be in line with to slightly above last year. This forecast reflects our commitment to maintaining promotional discipline and higher margins as we manage our brands and business for the long term. In Greater China, our outlook contemplates mid-single-digit growth, led by gains in the first half as we lapped last year's COVID-related headwinds. In Japan, we expect to grow mid-single digits while other Asia is forecasted to increase at a low double-digit rate. And in Europe, we anticipate high single-digit growth. In addition, our outlook assumes operating margin expansion of over 70 basis points. We anticipate gross margin gains to drive this increase, which includes a benefit from moderating freight costs. On SG&A expenses, we anticipate slight deleverage for the year, reflecting continued investments in growth-driving initiatives across the portfolio. In light of the current environment, we're continuing to monitor our cost base and take proactive actions where needed. Moving to below-the-line expectations for the year, net interest expense is anticipated to be approximately $20 million, the tax rate is expected to be approximately 20%, and our weighted average diluted share count is forecasted to be in the area of 235 million shares. So, taking together, we continue to project EPS of $4.10 to $4.15, representing 6% to 7% growth versus last year. And finally, before contemplating any deal-related costs, we still anticipate free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion. This includes the expectation for CapEx and Cloud computing costs to be in the area of $200 million. We expect roughly half to be related to store openings, renovations, and relocations, mostly in Asia. The balance of spend is primarily related to our ongoing digital and IT investments. Now let me take you through the shaping of the year. We expect relatively balanced, constant currency top line and operating income growth between the first and second half of the year. Our operating margin expansion in the first half is fueled by gross margin gains while SG&A growth is expected to moderate in the second half based on the pace of investments. We continue to forecast EPS growth to be front half weighted primarily due to the phasing of our share count and tax rate assumptions. Looking at the second quarter specifically, we expect revenue growth of approximately 2% on a constant currency basis, which excludes roughly 60 basis points of FX pressure. And we anticipate second quarter EPS to be in the area of $1.45, representing 6% to 8% growth over the prior year. Now to outline our capital allocation priorities looking forward, which are unchanged. First, we will invest in our brands and businesses to support sustainable growth. Second, we will utilize our strong pre-cash flow for rapid debt repayment. We are committed to maintaining a solid investment grade rating. To this end, we initiated a long-term leverage target of less than 2.5x on a gross debt to adjusted EBITDA basis and expect to achieve that within two years of the Capri transaction close. Finally, we will return capital to shareholders through our dividend. Importantly, we believe our strong cash flow profile provides us with further opportunity for investment and capital return. Following the achievement of our leverage target, over time, we expect to increase our dividend with the goal of achieving our stated payout ratio of 35% to 40% and see the opportunity to resume share repurchases in the future. Before closing, I wanted to touch more holistically on the planned acquisition of Capri. We believe the acquisition will drive significant value creation with immediate accretion to adjusted earnings, enhanced cash flow, and strong financial returns underpinned by a compelling industrial logic that's consistent with our commitment to being disciplined financial operators. It's important to highlight that we still expect Capri to generate double digit EPS accretion on an adjusted basis and compelling ROIC. Embedded in these expectations is the assumption that the standalone Capri business will generate free cash flow in the area of $500 million on a non-GAAP, un-synergized basis. Importantly, we're making progress towards transaction close. First, the shareholders of Capri Holdings Limited approved the transaction last month, satisfying one of the conditions to close. Second, we're working towards receiving all required regulatory approvals, including responding to the FTC's second request. We remain confident in our ability to complete the transaction with a close anticipated in calendar 2024, consistent with our prior outlook. Third, we expect to fund the purchase through a combination of permanent financing, term loans, excess Tapestry cash, and expected future cash flow, a portion of which will be used to pay certain of Capri's existing outstanding debt. Our financing strategy will support rapid debt paydown with prepayable debt in order to achieve our stated leverage target within 24 months post-close, given the combined company's strong cash flow generation. And finally, our integration planning efforts are moving forward as planned, and we continue to project run rate cost synergies of more than $200 million achieved within three years of the close. Overall, we remain excited by the opportunity to expand our house of powerful brands, increasing our position in growing and durable categories with enhanced cash flow to invest in brand building while funding debt pay down. This combination is transformational, and we are confident in our ability to execute, positioning Tapestry as a leader in innovation, talent development, and shareholder return for years to come. In closing, for the quarter, we delivered revenue growth, strong margin expansion, and a high teens EPS increase despite a rapidly shifting backdrop. Our differentiated and consistent performance demonstrates the strength of our brands and our business model, and the disciplined execution of our talented global teams. We remain focused on delivering against our long-term priorities, driving sustainable, profitable growth, strong free cash flow, and shareholder returns. I'd now like to open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Bob Drbul: Hi, good morning and congratulations on a nice quarter. Can you talk a little bit more around your confidence of the continued momentum at Tapestry and I think particularly at the Coach brand?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Bob, and good morning. First, I want to recognize that we delivered growth across revenue, margin, and earnings. And we delivered record earnings per share in the first quarter. We are executing consistently in a volatile environment, which I think speaks to the operating discipline that we've been showing now for over three years. Our focus is on maintaining brand health, expanding gross margins, and delivering against our earnings commitments. And we continue to drive strong and consistent free cash flow against the dynamic backdrop. And to your point at Coach, the brand is strong, and we're driving continued momentum behind the brand. We're delivering sales growth and margin improvement on top of already strong margins. And we see significant runway ahead. Our team isn't thinking the next quarter and for the fiscal year, which we're confident in. We're thinking 10 years out for the Coach brand. And I think it speaks to the innovation that they're delivering, the relevance and the differentiation we're building in the market. The operational excellence this team is building a reputation for. They're executing with agility, really taking the data that we have and consumer insights. And that's fueling the brand magic that Stuart Vevers and our creative teams are delivering. So we are confident into holiday and beyond.
Bob Drbul: Great. Should have a follow-up. Can you share just, I guess, an updated thinking around the deal? Any sort of more on the updates that you could actually tell us about?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, sure. Thanks, Bob. We continue to see this as a great acquisition. It is really transformational for our business and for our industry. We are adding truly iconic brands to our platform. And it's extending our reach across customer segments, across geographies, and product categories. And I can't think of a better home for these brands. Tapestry's platform and our disciplined operations will unlock significant value across the broader portfolio. And we are making progress as we expected towards a calendar year ‘24 close. That's really unchanged from our prior outlook. In the meantime, integration planning efforts, they're in full swing. We continue to make progress in integration planning. And we remain really excited about this transaction. We're confident in the strategic and the financial rationale and the targets we've outlined. But importantly, as you can see from our performance, we are laser focused on our existing brands and our business. And we remain confident in the runway ahead.
Operator: Our next question is from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, good morning, everyone. So for Joanna and Scott, I wanted to ask about North America. So the guide for the year didn't really move that much. It was up slightly, I think, before. Now it's kind of more in line, was in line with plan for Q1. I guess specifically embedded in that Q2 guide. What are you guys expecting for North America? It would be great to know Coach specifically in North America. And then it just seems like you guys are expecting kind of more stability in the back half. I guess the shaping of how you're thinking about that geography relative to your guide would be very helpful.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, let me start and then maybe kick at the Scott to give you some more color on our guide. But what I will say, Ike, is that our outlook for the year was incredibly balanced. And we think prudent when we started. We weren't looking for a big inflection one way or the other as we started the year. We were seeing the trends in the consumer environment unfold and we positioned our business well against those trends. As we've come into the year, we are seeing those trends develop a little differently and we've reflected that in our outlook. But we are still very confident in terms of how we've positioned the business, positioned our inventories and positioned our innovation pipeline to speak to consumers in the world and the dynamic backdrop that exists today. but I'll pass it to Scott to give you a little more color on the numbers.
Scott Roe: Yes, I think that pretty much covers it. Honestly, the trends that we see are what we've projected forward, as Joanne just said. I would just point out a couple things. The continued gross margin strength in addition to, while we see the demand backdrop is a little uncertain, we continue to operate the business for the quality of the sales, not chasing the last sale. You see that in the gross margin performance in the first quarter with over 100 basis points from operational gross margin, that continues into the second quarter and into the second half of the year, which is one of the reasons that we can reaffirm our profit guidance, even with a modest decline in the top line, which really just reflects the current trends that we're seeing in the business today.
Ike Boruchow: Got it. And those regional growth rates you gave for the year for guide, Scott, those are all constant currency?
Scott Roe: Yes, that's right. Yes, we took about $100 million out of FX as you saw this predominantly in the Yen and RMB is where we see the biggest impact there, that $100 million.
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to shift gears to Kate spade. It seems like when you're launching newness, it's working. It's well received. Do you think you have sufficient newness coming through the pipeline to turn sales positive this year and then separately any update on Kate's progress in building out their China business?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, it's a great observation Lorraine and it's exactly right. We are making progress but we clearly have more to do and we're really challenging ourselves on how we can move faster. As you pointed out, as we deliver newness, it is working and innovation in the business continues to, the customers continue to respond to the innovation we're delivering. And, we just need to move faster and we're working with speed. What we saw in the quarter was a sequential improvement in the trend. And we did that as we expanded gross and operating margins. So it's a business that we're continuing to manage to ensure we manage it in a healthy way and we drive our growth in a healthy way. We delivered higher income operating income year-over-year. So we are making progress. We do see opportunity as we continue to focus on strengthening that core handbag foundation. And when I talk about moving with speed, we've pulled up our launches. We talked about accelerating Madison and Outlet last quarter and that gaining traction, we also talked about pulling up and delivering a new signature platform in Outlet this quarter. And we're excited about the potential that that represents, a signature platform for the brand. And we do expect that as we build this core handbag foundation to help us drive positive growth, again, on the top line. But again, we're maintaining healthy brands. We drove mid-single-digit handbag AUR in the quarter. And we continue to see opportunity to take those AUR higher as we build out our growth plans. So there's a lot going on at Kate spade. We're making progress as well in building our business in China. We're doing that thoughtfully and making sure we're investing behind the brand to build awareness. At the same time, we're rolling out a new store format. We see that resonating with consumers, as well as our lifestyle categories, including jewelry, which is incredibly strong in China. So we have a lot of runways ahead at Kate in our current markets, but as well as in China.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks. So, Joanne, on pricing power at the Coach brand, could you elaborate on drivers of the mid-single-digit AUR expansion in the first quarter and then initiatives in place that support the further pricing opportunities ahead that you cited, despite the more dynamic backdrop that you've embedded in the forecast? And then, Scott, just help us to think about the cadence of gross margin through the balance of the year or just any specific puts and takes that you'd want us to consider.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, I'd love to go into the details of the Coach brand, but I fear that I'd feel Todd's thunder. So why don't Todd, I push it to you. And we're delighted with what we're seeing at Coach. Todd?
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. Yes, I mean, as you've noticed over the three years, we've increased our AURs by more than 30%, and I am very confident that we will continue to see AUR growth. And what gives me this confidence is what we've been doing now for a couple of years, and it's compounding our innovation, our storytelling, our laser focus on the consumer we're going after. That gives us so much confidence in what we're doing, and what I love and what is so important about our category. Yes, there's choppy environments out there, but we sell an emotional category. And given that emotion and given that we're resonating with our customer, coupled with the fact that, as we've talked about in the past, there's so much white space today between where our brand fit and wear traditional European luxury fit. So even in challenging times, we have so much room. And our room is in two folds. One, it's raising the bottom, but it's also touching the top. Joanne mentioned in our prepared remarks the idle bag. The idle bag is a phenomenal bag. I was in Asia very few weeks ago and we're chasing inventory for the idle bag. We're chasing inventory for TAPE. Those are great opportunities, but we're so disciplined in our approach that I would rather be in a chase mode, maintain our gross margin, and continue to deliver. And that's what you're going to see us do for the balance of the year and the years to come.
Scott Roe: Yes, and Matt, just to speak to your question on gross margin cadence, first of all, what a strong Q1 we had, right? At 250, strongest gross margin expansion that we've seen. And yes, it's true that 150 basis points of that was free. A 100 of it was operational, which is all the things that Todd just talked about, right? Our continued investment in the brand focused on engagement versus just the pricing message, the innovation that's coming down the pipeline. All those things combined are given as pricing power. And when you look at the full year, we said that our freight tailwinds would moderate in the second half. They don't go to zero, but it's 150 basis points. It's very significant in the first half. It'll be similar in the second quarter, and then waning in the second half. But importantly, our gross margin for the entire year, including the back half, it remains very strong because of that operational gross margin performance that we just talked about. I mean, we're up in 150 basis points kind of range for the full year. So I don't want the freight to become the message. The message is operational discipline, continuing to reinvest in the brand, focused on quality of sales and engagement, is driving gross margin. And that's what's really holding this guide together for the full year, where even on a little bit moderated top line, we're able to hold our profitability guidance. That coupled with the expense control that we talked about, we'll start to see expense leverage in the second half, which combined with the gross margin is what allowed us to hold that profitability forecast. Balance first half, second half, op income. Really, why EPS is front-ended is more about the shares and tax cadence as we stop the repurchase, which is going to benefit us less in the second half.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Benetti of Evercore ISI.
Michael Benetti: Hey, guys, congrats on a nice quarter. Thanks for taking our question here. I just want to clarify one thing you just said to Matt's question there, Scott. You said that we're up 150 basis point range for the year. Was that referring to the total gross margin or the underlying operational portion of the gross margin that you and Todd spoke about?
Scott Roe: Yes, first of all, welcome back, Michael. And secondly, yes, you had it right, it's the total gross margin for the year, implied in the guide. We didn't actually guide to your gross margin. We did op margin, but that's how you get there.
Michael Benetti: Understood. I guess then, maybe we could speak to the, I know I asked about this a little bit, but what you're embedding in the trajectory for Coach, China sales 2Q in the second half within the, I know you gave us the year. And then, Joanne, you're about to own a huge share of the aspirational handbag market globally. I know you don't have the Capri brand in-house yet, but I know you've studied them a lot. And as you look ahead, and as the acquisition comes forward here and we start to sink in, what are some of the most attractive things you see as opportunities to drive the category in the global marketplace with all three of these big brands on the handbag side in-house, that some of the opportunities that are incremental to what you think you can do today.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, I think first, let me just say that we play in a very large market, right? This market is $200 billion accessories, footwear, and apparel. And it is a fragmented market and I've been in this business for more years than I'd like to probably admit on the call. And over time, in a world where consumers can get pretty much anything they want, anywhere they want, anytime they want, what matters are brands. Brands matter in this marketplace and brands matter with consumers and what consumers value has changed over time and how they shop has changed over time. And I think what we've done in the last three years has really positioned our business to be able to speak to consumers to win in a marketplace where brands matter and we need to reach consumers in a different way. So we've built the capabilities and the platform to be able to do that and we've invested behind our brands. Now Coach is a great example of the power of the platform where, we've gotten laser focused on our brand positioning and clarified it. We've gotten laser focused on our target consumer and we're reaching the consumer in an omnichannel way. We're talking to them about things that matter to them and how our brands show up in their life. And that is the brand heat that is driving the Coach momentum and the team is executing really well behind that and we're delivering really great product, leveraging all the insights from the data that we have and bringing that balance of magic and logic together to deliver really compelling product and experiences in the marketplace. And that is the platform that's scalable. We can leverage that across more brands. So we're excited for the Capri transaction to close. Again, these are truly iconic brands. These are brands that already matter in the marketplace today and we believe that we can improve the execution behind these brands and really take them to another level and reach consumers in a big marketplace, a crowded marketplace, and a noisy marketplace. We have the capabilities to help these brands cut through.
Scott Roe: And I'll just chip in real quick, Michael, on your China question. I think you asked about Coach, China, our China business in total of which obviously Coache is the driver. We grew 9% in the first quarter. We expect mid-single digit for the full year, which would have us about flattish in the second half. We still think we'll be above 2021 levels or slightly above 2021 levels for the full year. But that's really reflecting the trends that we're seeing on the ground right now.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Altschwager with Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess first for Scott, just a question regarding the transaction. Any changes to how you're thinking about initial revenue and EBITDA contribution from Capri Holdings, timing, magnitude of accretion, just in light of the evolving macro environment? And also curious if you're going to share any expectations you have for interest rates on the deal financing.
Scott Roe: So as you can appreciate, Mark, what I can say is very limited at this point, given where we're at. I'll just reiterate what we said at the time of the deal. Our expectations for Capri were that in our planning horizon, which is the first three years, we expected modest growth, kind of low single digits, with it being down in the first year, this year, with the most pressure in micro [inaudible]. Based on our assumptions, we saw, and we're confident in strong accretion, immediate double digit accretion, strong returns, et cetera. So we can't really update what we've said publicly at this point, given where we're at in the process. As it relates to interest rates, we all see what's going on out there. There's been some upward pressure, some moderation more recently. But a couple of things I'll remind you of. Well, I can't give you any specific numbers. We did put some hedges in place on the risk-free rate, so the treasury rate, which mitigate whatever movement that you might see. And we're still confident in the overall economics of the deal. More to come on financing as time goes on.
Mark Altschwager: Okay, thank you. Maybe switching gears. I guess first for Scott or Joanne. The execution on gross margin, really putting you in a healthy position to be able to invest, how are you thinking about the balance between letting the gross margin flow to the bottom line versus maybe investing more aggressively in marketing to drive the top line in a tougher consumer backdrop? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: I'll start by saying we're doing both. We are managing the business with strong gross margin because we won't compromise brand health. We see tremendous long-term runway for our brands, and we're thinking longer term and executing in a way that we can deliver compelling value to our consumers and continue to drive stronger gross margins. You've seen us do it this quarter last year, and we'll continue to do that. We did it across all of our brands. And we're continuing to invest in brand building because that is the dynamic that creates the flywheel, right. As we continue to drive gross margin and expand gross margin, we're leveraging that margin expansion to invest in brand building which then helps drive top line, creates the brand heat that creates the flywheel. So we're doing both, but we are protecting brand health. We're not going to chase every last sale. And we've been navigating what I would call a dynamic environment, but also a highly promotional environment for a while. And you've seen us operate with discipline. It includes, not only just the desire and will to have discipline pricing, but it includes the data and analytics that support our skew, breadth and assortment. It includes the inventory management discipline that we've built over the last few years to make sure we've got inventory well positioned that we're responding to demand signals when we see them and connecting the back end of our supply chain to our front end demand signal. So there's a lot of process and system and people in this place that support our ability to continue to maintain gross margin and then, also we're looking to continue to invest in our brand.
Scott Roe: Yes, maybe just a quick build, Mark. a lot of times a question that we get is, where do you see the evidence of the platforms that you've built your data and analytics capabilities? Where's the evidence in the P&L? I would say in two areas. Number one, the ability to understand the trends in our business and the fact that we're a data business and we use that data has helped us moderate our spending and that's why you're going to see leverage in light of a lighter demand environment in the second half. And then secondly, we don't guess on those decisions that Joanne just mentioned. We're very thoughtful in looking at the returns as we make these investments. We don't just say we're going to invest more in our brands. We're looking at those returns. We're leaning in where they work. We're leaning back where they don't. And that discipline is helping us to, I think, have a high-quality P&L in a very tough environment right now. And the last proof point is our inventory, right? That down 17%. Mostly that's in transit, but the combination of strong gross margins and really well-positioned inventory, I think, is just testing the insights that we're getting into the business and the discipline that you see.
Operator: Our next question is from Brook Roche with Goldman Sachs.
Brook Roche: Good morning, and thank you for taking our question. Can you elaborate on what you're seeing with consumer engagement in North America by brand across outlet versus full line and also household income cohort? What changes have you seen in the consumer environment that are developing differently than your prior outlook? And are you seeing any signs of increased price sensitivity among consumers in North America?
Joanne Crevoiserat: That's a great question, Brook. North America is, we're operating in a more challenging environment. Having said that, our first quarter results were flattish to last year, which was a meaningful sequential improvement from the fourth quarter. And it was in line with our expectations as we came into the quarter. But to your question, the aspirational consumer, that lower income cohort, I would say this is across channels. We're not seeing major distinction between our channels. Across channels, the aspirational consumer is under more pressure on a relative basis. They're being more choiceful. But again, that hasn't materially changed from Q4. As a business, we're focused on the controllables. We're focused, as we just talked about, on brand building, delivering product excellence. To Lorraine's question, when we deliver innovation in newness, we see the consumer respond. And we're focused on strong execution. So we're delivering that newness. We're delivering that innovation across our brands. You saw it with the Coach Shine campaign and the Coachtopia rollout, the icons at Kate that we're rolling out, and even the launch of sneakers at Stuart Weitzman, really responding with innovation to what we're hearing and seeing from the consumer. And we're managing the business in a healthy way. We'll continue to expand AUR and gross margin. I'm sorry, go ahead, Todd.
Todd Kahn: Oh, no, sorry. I just quickly add, Brook, I mean, globally, we, our direct business was up. North America was up. And we feel good because, again, it goes back to the emotion and the connection we're making with the consumer. And by way of example, even in a value channel, we're introducing more Tabby bags directly at full price because it's just a point of distribution. And we're seeing that in North America resonate, and we're going to roll that out over time to more and more doors. So it's very interesting. We're finding sometimes even the young cohort might come into the Coach brand buying a wristlet. That might be the first thing they buy. They might even buy it at one of our value channels. Then they end up buying a Tabby bag. So this concept of one Coach, of this desirability that we're creating, that people are coming in into an outlet store with its image of the Coach Tabby bag and wanting that, that to me creates so much more desire across all value channels and full price channels.
Brook Roche: Great, thank you. And if I could just ask one quick follow-up. I'm curious what you think the health of the industry looks like in North America between wholesale and DTC. I understood that you currently don't have much wholesale exposure, but the pre-portfolio does. And I'm curious what your thoughts are about the ongoing run rate momentum of those two channels as you look ahead.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, we have seen, I think in North America in the market, generally more pressure in the wholesale channel over the last year. That's not something new. To your point, our business is roughly 90% direct. And we like that direct relationship that we have with the consumer. It allows us to understand and see trends faster as they're happening. There is a reason to have wholesale. I think they're wholesale and we appreciate the partners that we have in the wholesale market that provide exposure of the brand to a broader base of consumers. But again, we like the direct relationship that we have with our consumers. We worked to build our platform to be able to reach consumers if their shopping habits evolve and our focus is really following the consumer. And I would say we see an opportunity to build the direct business with the Capri brands. That's something that our platform will provide and we see runway ahead.
Todd Kahn: The one thing I will add, again, as Joanne said, we love our direct business. We love our hotel partners that we're in. I'm looking forward to the opportunities that may come to enhance the hotel in a selective way when we have the leverage of multiple brands. So I think that's going to be a benefit to the consumer and a benefit to our hotel partners.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Oliver Chen with TD Cowen.
Oliver Chen: Hi, thank you very much. A lot of premium luxury brands are not on Amazon. Just what was your philosophy for that? And Amazon can also often employ variable pricing and thinks about brands differently. Also, the sales decline in Digital, just what's underpinning that? We've seen tougher performance marketing online. And then lastly, on thinking about the second request, diversion ratios, suitability, as well as the outlet channel, those may be topics in focus. Any thoughts on catalysts around the second would be helpful as well. Thank you.
Todd Kahn: I guess you have a question for every one of us.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, go ahead, Todd. I'll let you kick it off.
Todd Kahn: I'll do the Amazon one. Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, I'll pick up Digital, yes.
Todd Kahn: Okay, thank you. Oliver, it's interesting. We did a lot of due diligence on Amazon and we talk a lot at the Coach brand about being consumer obsessed. And through that due diligence and through this trial that we've launched with Amazon. We recognize, particularly with a young consumer, that the journey, the discovery, the particularly of fashion brands in our category, starts at Amazon. And we've been on Amazon. And one of the things that I love with this trial that we're working with Amazon is, we opened up a beautiful brand enhancing shop on Amazon. We're learning, we're using their technology. Their 3D technology alone is fascinating in terms of showing the functionality and the desirability of our product. They've been a very good partner. It's a hostile relationship. And to date, we've seen no cannibalization. So again, when you put things through a consumer lens and say, how does the consumer see a brand? How do you create desirability? How do you create accessibility? This looks like a pretty great start for us, and we're happy with the performance we've seen.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks. And on Digital, Oliver, I'll pick the next two parts of your question. On Digital, our focus is on driving engagement with the consumer and meeting them where they are. And we still believe that digital is an important part of the consumer journey. In the quarter, we saw slight declines in digital, but our penetration in Digital remained, basically in line with where it was last year at 25% still triple where it was pre-pandemic. So we've built this digital scale and the digital business, and we're available to customers to transact absolutely online, but they're leveraging our digital channel for more than just the transaction. And we believe it's important to maintain those capabilities. And we'll follow the consumer. We're happy to meet consumers in stores. We have great field teams, and we have a highly profitable store fleet, and we have a highly profitable digital channel. So we're agnostic as to where they shop, and we're available to meet them, and we continue to improve the experience in our digital, in the digital space to make sure that consumers receive a seamless experience and a really great brand experience that it becomes and continues to be a great touch point for the brand if they're just discovering and choose to go into a store to finalize that transaction. We want to be there for them, and we continue to improve our game in digital. We see it as critically important moving forward. And then on the regulatory front, we are working to receive all the required regulatory approvals, including, and that includes, as you saw, responding to the FTC second request. Our outlook for closing the deal is unchanged. We still expect to close the deal in Fiscal ’24. And as you know, we operate in a large market as I talked about, it’s $200 billion market, it’s fragmented. There are low barriers to entry and the transaction is pro consumer. So we remain confident in our ability to complete the transaction. Again closing expected in calendar ’24 consist with our prior expectation.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question and answer session. I’d now turn it over to Joanne for some concluding remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you for joining us today. And for your interest in our story. And thank you to our passionate teams around the world that make this result happen. Our strong and consistent result reinforce the power or brand, our strategy and our agile operating model which enable us to continue to deliver for our customer against the dynamic backdrop. Moving forward, I am confident in our organic runway and look forward to accelerating our strategic and financial results through the acquisition of Capri Holdings. At Tapestry, we are focused and we have a relentless drive to lead in innovation and shareholder returns for years to come. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes Tapestry’s earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-08-17 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to this Tapestry conference call. Today's call is being recorded. Later, you will have the opportunity to ask questions during the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our fourth quarter and year-end results, as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Roe, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website, www.tapestry.com/investors and then view the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with highlights for Tapestry and our brands. Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities and our outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a Q&A session where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, we achieved record EPS this fiscal year, reinforcing the power of brand building, consumer-centric strategies and disciplined execution. Importantly, we meaningfully advanced our strategic priorities, engaging with consumers around the world through product excellence, unique storytelling and distinctive omnichannel experiences. At the same time, we continue to invest in our brands and our data-rich consumer engagement platform, which underpin our growth agenda. I want to thank our talented global teams for continuing to drive our strong results. Touching on the strategic and financial highlights for the year. First, we powered global growth achieving 3% constant currency revenue gains consistent with our outlook and underscoring the benefits of our globally diversified business model. These top line results were led by our international businesses, which grew 13% excluding FX. This included a 5% increase in Greater China despite facing incremental COVID-related pressures in the first half of the year. Importantly, our business in China rebounded in the second half achieving 50% growth in the fourth quarter supported by a strong improvement in traffic and representing an increase compared to the region's peak fiscal '21 levels. Our international results were also fueled by strong momentum in Other Asia with sales growth of 36% as well as in Japan, where revenue rose 15%. In Europe, sales increased 7% for the year. In North America, sales for the year declined low-single digits against a challenging consumer backdrop. In the fourth quarter, our business decreased 8% versus last year, though, we delivered significant gross margin improvement and handbag AUR growth, consistent with our commitments to prioritize long-term brand health. Importantly, our business in North America has improved meaningfully on a sequential basis quarter-to-date in Q1 with revenue trending in line with prior year on continued higher margins as we began to anniversary easier comparisons. Second, we continue to focus on building new and lasting customer relationships. To this end, we acquired approximately 6.5 million new customers in North America alone during the fiscal year. Importantly, these new customers transacted at higher AUR than the balance of our customer base and approximately half were Millennial and Gen Z consistent with our strategy to attract younger consumers to our brands. Third, we delivered seamless omnichannel experiences, harnessing the power of our direct-to-consumer business model and highlighting our ability to meet consumers where they are shopping. We drove 3% growth in direct-to-consumer sales on a constant currency basis. This was led by mid-single digit growth in brick-and-mortar sales as we welcome an increasing number of consumers to our stores. In addition, we maintained our strong positioning in digital. While sales were down slightly compared to the prior year, revenues still represented nearly 30% of sales, approximately 3 times pre-pandemic levels. Importantly, we enhanced our capabilities this year, bringing all of our brands on a unified digital enterprise platform. Fourth, we fueled fashion innovation and product excellence informed by data analytics and consumer research. To this end, we drove handbag AUR growth globally and in North America for both the quarter and the year. We also delivered outsized top line gains in our small leather goods and lifestyle offerings, key to enhancing brand relevance and fueling customer value over time. Taken together, we generated record fiscal year earnings per share, increasing at a double-digit rate compared to the prior year, which we accomplished despite a volatile demand backdrop and currency headwinds. This included a strong finish to our year with EPS growth of over 20% in the fourth quarter. Overall, our fiscal '23 results reinforce the meaningful progress we've made in differentiating our brands and our business. Further, our performance highlights our agility and the advantages of our model, underscoring our confidence in our ability to drive sustainable, profitable growth. Now turning to the highlights across each of our brands, starting with Coach. At the start of the year, we introduced our brand positioning of expressive luxury, laying the groundwork for deeper customer connections. Our team has brought this concept to life through impactful marketing campaigns, unique retail experiences and relevant and innovative product designs. As a result, the brand delivered revenue of nearly $5 billion on stronger operating margin, fueled by a material improvement in gross margin. Now touching on some of the details of the fourth quarter. We built on the momentum of our leather goods offering, reinforcing our icons to drive consumer engagement. We innovated across our key families, Tabby, Willow, Field and Rogue by introducing new iterations and launching strong go-to-market activations. Tabby outperformed expectations with notable success in our shoulder bag. Additionally, we have seen strong results from extensions of the family into small leather goods, including a wristlet and chain clutch, both of which over-indexed among younger customers. Willow continued to be a volume driving style, while the Rogue family fueled stronger AUR aided by animations, including our Tea Rose. The introduction of Field tote and washed signature denim was a success, which bodes well for our various denim introductions in the year ahead. Our innovative product supported by data and consumer insights throughout the creation process, fueled a low-double digit gain in global handbag AUR at constant currency, including an increase in North America. Importantly, we see continued runway for pricing increases into fiscal year '24, given our commitment to expanding gross margin as well as benefits from outsized growth in higher AUR international markets. Next, we focused our marketing investments on brand-building activities, connecting emotionally with customers through the unique purpose of the brand. This spring in North America, we supported the important Mother's Day holiday with a two-pronged marketing approach. First, we led with content from Gen Z creators, highlighting Coach is a gifting destination. We followed this with an iconic Mother's Day campaign featuring Jennifer Lopez. Overall, our marketing activities helped to support the acquisition of over 900,000 new customers in North America in the fourth quarter or approximately 3.9 million for the fiscal year. Turning to Greater China. We saw strong growth in brand momentum, delivering a 50% top line gain versus last year, excluding FX. In the quarter, we continued to recruit new customers with our product offering resonating with the younger consumers. This further supports our optimism for the future of this market. Moving to lifestyle. We drove a strong top line increase in the offering, an area of long-term opportunity for the brand. In ready-to-wear, we continue to see success, delivering mid-single digit constant currency growth fueled by success in our branded denim options and T-shirt assortment. In men's, we delivered outsized growth driven by leather goods, including the successful launch of a cross grain leather program. At the same time, our Gotham, Charter and League families remained top sellers. And finally, we created omnichannel experiences that resonate with consumers by communicating our brand purpose, the courage to be real through self-expression. As such, we continued to roll out multi-sensory immersive concepts. This included the extension of In My Tabby activations with bespoke events and pop-ups across the globe. And in Malaysia, we launched Coach Airways, a full takeover of a retired airplane featuring our brand codes, a coach cafe and content creation opportunities throughout. Looking ahead to fiscal year '24, we're building on our success, focused on: first, deepening our connection with consumers, utilizing data to drive experiences that enrich a customers' life building a stronger long-term connection. Second, growing leather goods by animating our icons and Hero families, including the introduction of new sizes and hardware while continuing to focus on maintaining a productive assortment. Third, fueling gains across lifestyle by establishing more evergreen wardrobe essentials that align with the younger timeless Coach aesthetic. Fourth, leading with purpose-led storytelling through high impact and sustained brand building campaigns, including the distortion of investments toward a younger generation, notably through digital innovation. And fifth, building momentum in our sub-brand Coachtopia with a focus on attracting a new Gen Z consumer. Coachtopia is off to a strong start, garnering significant consumer attention. While still a small portion of the assortment, it is tracking a year ahead of our original projections. In closing, Coach is just getting started. Our success is rooted in a blend of magic and logic, and we're building on our strong foundation with a clear strategy to deliver another year of growth in fiscal year '24. We are confident in the opportunity to deliver continued healthy growth for years to come. Now moving to Kate Spade. During the year, we advanced our strategic initiatives, navigating near-term external headwinds while keeping a sharp focus on our long-term objectives. We delivered revenue of $1.4 billion, in line with the prior year on a constant currency basis despite a more challenging backdrop in North America. To this end, we drove strong international growth, underscoring opportunity for the brand. Further, we expanded gross margin, a key element of our strategic and financial strategy and have delivered over two years of handbag AUR gains in keeping with our focus on elevating the brand. At the same time, we also made foundational investments in the brand that position us for the future. Having said that, we are clear eyed about our path forward and the higher aspirations we have for the brand. We entered the current fiscal year front footed with focus and actions that build upon our progress and leverage the investments we've made to drive accelerated top and bottom line growth in fiscal year '24 and beyond. Turning to details of the fourth quarter. First, we remain focused on delivering an innovative and distinctive handbag offering. The Knott remains the top global handbag group, followed by the recently expanded Hudson family, which now includes options and whipstitch and straw. In addition, the iconic Sam bag, which was a pillar of the brand's 30th anniversary celebration, continued to deliver growth and resonated with both new and existing customers. As we move forward, we will further strengthen the brand's core handbag foundation. I'll touch on these strategies in a moment. Turning to novelty, which outperformed expectations as we bring heightened emotion to the brand. The Shell collection was a highlight of the fourth quarter, significantly outpacing expectations across categories. It drove engagement with younger consumers, resulting in strong full price sell-throughs and high margins. Overall, our product initiatives, coupled with our use of data to deepen our understanding of consumer preferences, supported low-single digit handbag AUR growth, both globally and in North America, demonstrating our commitment to brand building for the long term. Importantly, we achieved this against the North America backdrop that was more challenging than expected, resulting in conversion and traffic headwinds, notably in the brand's value channels. To navigate the external challenges, we moved quickly. We successfully accelerated new product launches helping to drive a material improvement in Q1 revenue trends, which are now roughly in line with last year. Next, we advanced our strategy to become more lifestyle with momentum in jewelry and footwear. We continue to see that customers who shop across categories are our highest value customers. demonstrating the importance of the brand's lifestyle offering as a long-term growth driver. In keeping with this strategy, we delivered an increase in average spend per customer in the quarter and the year. Now touching on marketing. We expressed the world of Kate Spade through unique storytelling and messaging connected to the brand's purpose and values, creating authentic consumer engagement. We invested in our brand codes globally, creating activations behind our Kate Spade Green and iconic dots and stripes, which are distinctive and key to driving brand awareness and global consistency. At the same time, we remain focused on women's empowerment through the lens of mental health, highlighted by our partnership with the Boris Lawrence Henson Foundation, which provides mental health services to women at HBCUs. Overall, our marketing helped to support the recruitment of approximately 500,000 new customers in North America for the quarter or approximately 2.4 million customers for the year. And finally, in keeping with our priority of becoming more global, we drove double-digit international gains at constant currency, underscoring the growth potential of the brand. Importantly, we fueled strong growth in China, where the brand has significant runway based on its relatively low awareness and small distribution footprint. At the same time, we launched marketing activations internationally, including pop-ups in Japan and Thailand, as well as at Grand Gateway in Shanghai, which led us to securing a permanent location in that mall. We also continued the rollout of our new store concept, which began earlier in the year with the Marina Bay Sands store in Singapore, where we continue to outperform. Since then, we have expanded the concept further to more than 20 doors across the globe, creating a compelling brand experience. Now turning to our priorities at Kate Spade for fiscal '24 in keeping with our long-term strategies. First, we are focused on strengthening our core handbag foundation with a goal of developing more global key items building a strong branded signature platform and continuing to provide innovation that supports ongoing AUR growth. We're excited to launch our new Dakota handbag collection this fall, which features new hardware and will be the hero product story in our marketing campaigns. And this quarter, as mentioned, we accelerated the introduction of a new core collection in outlet, the Madison, which is driving an improvement in top line trends at accretive margins. Second, we'll continue to fuel the lifestyle offering led by growth in jewelry, which represents both a revenue and margin driver for the brand. Third, we'll invest in marketing to drive both acquisition and retention, continuing to build relationships with younger customers. Fourth, we will focus on the omnichannel opportunity by driving in-store productivity, including accelerating lifestyle and small leather goods. At the same time, we will leverage our recent investments in our digital platform with a focus on enhancing our online experiences. Finally, we will grow in China where the business is small, though seeing rapid increases. During the fiscal year, we expect to open a net of approximately 10 locations on the mainland. We will also invest in marketing to drive awareness, including through KOL partnerships. In closing, we remain focused on cultivating what makes the Kate Spade brand unique and special. To do this, we will continue to prioritize brand building and forging strong emotional bonds with our customers while executing on high return initiatives that underpin our profitability goals. Importantly, we have a clear strategy and remain confident in the long-term opportunities for the brand. Turning to Stuart Weitzman. In the fiscal year, the brand was significantly impacted by the difficult external backdrop in China and North America. Improvement in the back half did not fully offset the impact of a slower China business in the first half. Despite these pressures, we focused on our long-term potential, maintaining brand health, which was underscored by gross margin expansion. Moving to the details of the fourth quarter. First, we curated a relevant offering of emotional product to spark desire. Our low first pumps and booties continue to perform in keeping with the broader consumer shift to casual and wear to work styles. Soho remained a top collection while we saw continued strength in the Stewart family of pumps. And our handbag collection, while still a small portion of the assortment drove engagement with both new and existing clients at high AUR and accretive margins. And we fueled brand heat by leveraging new marketing tactics to increase awareness. We focused on creating relevant marketing, including partnerships with influential social media creators to deliver our spring campaign. Importantly, this helped to drive a favorable brand impression among Millennials in the U.S. relative to last year per YouGov. Looking ahead to fiscal '24, we will increase marketing relevancy and drive brand consideration as we emotionally engage with our target consumers. Second, we will focus on driving growth in our core and iconic categories while adding depth to underpenetrated classifications that represent significant opportunity. This includes the launch of our extended sneaker assortment planned in the second quarter as well as expanded offering of flat, specifically trend right valet styles. Third, we will accelerate growth in China, leveraging deep customer affinity to maximize the impact of our brand through product and marketing investments. Importantly, we expect to benefit from the recovery of this highly profitable region this fiscal year, which represented nearly 40% of the brand sales in fiscal year '21. And finally, we will fuel digital by leveraging Tapestry's platform to improve the online shopping experience and better engage with consumers. Overall, we're sharpening our focus on the consumer and are committed to driving top and bottom line growth in fiscal '24 and beyond. In closing, building on our strong foundation, we are focused on the future. We remain steadfast in our commitment to deliver revenue and profit gains across our current portfolio where our runway is significant. Further, last week, we were excited to announce the planned acquisition of Capri Holdings, establishing a new powerful global house of luxury and fashion brands that expands our portfolio reach across consumer segments, geographies and product categories. By bringing together six iconic brands with a heritage and design and craftsmanship and leveraging our modern consumer engagement platform, we will drive greater innovation, consumer connectivity and cultural relevance creating superior value for our consumers, employees, communities and shareholders around the world. We look forward to closing the transaction and sharing more detailed strategies for the future at the appropriate time. With that, I'll turn it over to Scott, who will discuss our financial results, capital priorities and fiscal '24 outlook. Scott?
Scott Roe: Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. Looking back at our results for the fiscal year, we clearly demonstrated our financial discipline and agility. We powered global growth, delivering a 3% increase at constant currency, fueled by international. We increased gross margin by 120 basis points, and we grew earnings per share by 12% versus last year while continuing to invest in marketing and digital capabilities. Importantly, we returned approximately $1 billion to shareholders, demonstrating our strong cash flow generation and confidence in the future. Turning to the details of the fourth quarter. I'll begin with a discussion of revenue trends on a constant currency basis. Sales increased 1%, consistent with our guidance for low-single digit increase as 22% international growth was largely offset by pressure in North America given the difficult consumer backdrop. In Greater China, as anticipated, we delivered 50% revenue growth against last year's COVID impacted compare. This represented growth against our prior peak levels in 2021. And recently, we've seen an uptick in Chinese travel spend, specifically within Japan, Other Asia and Hong Kong and Macau and to a lesser extent, Europe. While these reads have been encouraging, sales to Chinese tourists globally remain below pre-pandemic levels, representing further opportunity ahead. In Japan, sales rose 12%, while Other Asia grew 7% with continued traction among local customers. Sales to tourists also improved versus the prior year, though remain below pre-pandemic levels. In Europe, revenue declined 13% as we lapped last year's 50% gains. And in North America, sales declined 8% given softer consumer demand. Importantly, despite the difficult backdrop, we delivered gross margin gains across brands, underscoring our disciplined approach to pricing. As Joanne mentioned, we've seen a sequential improvement in revenue trends Q1 to date, with the business now performing in line with prior year as we've begun to anniversary easier compares. Now touching on revenue by channel for the quarter. Our direct-to-consumer business grew 2%, fueled by a low-single digit gain in stores. And in wholesale, revenue was 5% below the prior year, reflecting growth in international markets, offset by a decline in North America, which included a strategic reduction in off-price shipments as well as overall wholesale market pressure. Moving down the P&L. We delivered gross margin ahead of our projection and 350 basis points above prior year. This year-over-year expansion included approximately 200 basis points of favorable freight expense, partially offset by 80 basis points of FX headwinds. Excluding these impacts, gross margin was well ahead of last year, fueled by operational outperformance, reflecting net pricing improvements and a tailwind related to the increased penetration of the higher margin China business. SG&A rose 5%, in line with our expectations and including the anticipated timing shift of expenses from the third quarter into Q4, as previously discussed. We are continuing to reinvest in the business by prioritizing high return initiatives, notably platform investments and brand building activities to fuel long-term growth. Taken together, operating margin and operating income were ahead of the prior year and our fourth quarter EPS of $0.95 was in line with our guidance range, representing growth of 22%. Now turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the year with $742 million in cash and investments and total borrowings of $1.66 billion. Free cash flow for the year was an inflow of $791 million, including CapEx and implementation costs related to cloud computing of $261 million. Inventory levels at year-end were 8% below prior year, reflecting our focus on driving higher inventory turn while delivering stronger gross margins. Inventory levels were favorable to our expectations due in part to receipt timing with Q1 fiscal '24. Entering the new year, we are pleased with the quantity and quality of inventory across all brands and geographies. Moving to shareholder returns. As anticipated, we returned approximately $1 billion to shareholders in the fiscal year, which consisted of $700 million in share repurchases and dividend payments totaling $283 million for an annual dividend rate of $1.20 per share, which represented a payout ratio of 30%. Before turning to our go-forward expectations, I want to touch on the recent exciting announcement outlining the planned acquisition of Capri Holdings. This acquisition positions us to create significant value for shareholders with immediate accretion to adjusted earnings, enhanced cash flow and strong financial returns. While our current focus remains on the existing business, we've hired Ernst & Young to lead our integration efforts alongside a dedicated internal team ahead of the estimated transaction close in calendar 2024. Now moving to our guidance for fiscal '24, which is provided on a non-GAAP basis and does not include any potential impact from the planned acquisition of Capri. For the fiscal year, we expect revenue to approach $6.9 billion, representing an increase of approximately 3% to 4% on both the reported and constant currency basis. Touching on sales details by region at constant currency. In North America, we anticipate slight growth for the fiscal year. This forecast reflects our commitment to maintaining promotional discipline and higher margins as we manage our brands and business for the long term. In Greater China, our outlook contemplates high-single digit growth, including outside strength in the first half as we lapped last year's COVID related headwinds. In Japan, we expect to grow high-single digits, while Other Asia is forecasted to increase at a high-teens rate. And in Europe, we anticipate high single-digit growth. In addition, our outlook includes a modest improvement in operating margin versus last year. We anticipate gross margin expansion to drive this increase, which includes a benefit from moderating freight costs with the most notable tailwind coming in the first quarter. On SG&A expenses, we anticipate slight deleverage for the year, reflecting continued investments in growth driving initiatives across the portfolio. In light of the current environment, we're continuing to monitor our cost base and take proactive actions where needed. Moving to below-the-line expectations for the year. Net interest expense is anticipated to be approximately $20 million. The tax rate is expected to be approximately 20% and our weighted average diluted share count is forecasted to be in the area of 235 million shares. Taken together, we project EPS of $4.10 to $4.15 representing 6% to 7% growth versus last year. This takes into account our decision to suspend share repurchase activity due to the planned acquisition of Capri Holdings resulting in a $0.10 headwind versus our prior expectations. Finally, before contemplating any deal related costs, we would expect free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion and we forecast CapEx and cloud computing costs to be in the area of $220 million. We expect over half of this spend to be related to store openings, renovations and relocations mostly in Asia. The balance of the spend is primarily related to our ongoing digital and IT investments. Touching now on the shaping of the year. We expect relatively consistent top line growth between the first and second half of the year. As mentioned, we see the opportunity for gross margin expansion for the year, with the most significant improvement in Q1, benefiting from lower freight expense versus the prior year. SG&A growth is expected to be higher in the first half relative to the second half based on the pace of investments. Taken together, while we expect operating income growth to be relatively balanced between the halves, we would anticipate EPS growth to be front-half weighted, primarily due to the phasing of our share count and tax rate assumptions. This contemplates first quarter earnings per share to approach $0.90, representing a low double-digit growth rate. Now to outline our capital allocation priorities looking forward, which are consistent with those shared in our acquisition announcement last week. First, we will continue to invest in our brands and businesses to support sustainable growth. Second, we will utilize our strong free cash flow for rapid debt repayment. We're committed to maintaining a solid investment-grade rating. We've also initiated a long-term leverage target of under 2.5 times on a gross debt-to-EBITDA basis and expect to achieve that within two years of the transaction close. Finally, we will continue to return capital to shareholders through our dividend. As previously announced, we anticipate dividend payments of $325 million in fiscal '24, reflecting a 17% increase to our dividend per share to $0.35 for an annual rate of $1.40. Importantly, we believe the strong cash flow profile of the combined company provides us with further opportunity for investment and capital return. To this end, following the achievement of our leverage target, over time, we expect to increase our dividend with the goal of achieving our stated target payout ratio of 35% to 40% and see the opportunity to resume share repurchases in the future. In closing, we delivered strong fiscal '23 results, highlighted by revenue gains at constant currency significant gross margin expansion and double-digit EPS growth despite a rapidly shifting backdrop. This marked record EPS for the company, underscoring our agility and the consistent execution of the global teams. We remain focused on staying disciplined to deliver against our long-term priorities to drive sustainable, profitable growth and shareholder returns. I'd now like to open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Robert Drbul: Good morning. I was just wondering -- congrats on a good quarter. Can you talk a little more around what you really learned from Coach's success over the years and how can you apply that to all the brands, I think, particularly as you expand the portfolio with this planned acquisition? Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Bob, and good morning. We are closing out the year with record earnings per share, and we're operating from a position of strength. And I think what our results show is the power of our brand and the power of our business model. And we do see this acquisition is compelling. And we do also have a lot of learnings that we can apply from Coach's success over the last few years. And there are three or four things, I think, that come top of mind as I think about your question. First, and probably most importantly, we've clarified our brand positioning. We've done that across our portfolio and really clarifying the unique position within the market for each of our brands. And as we've done that, we've crystallized our target customer and really getting to know these customers on a deeper level, fielding a lot of research, ethnographic research, quantitative, qualitative that and those insights have driven the acquisition of new and younger customers. We talked about it in our prepared remarks, half of our acquisitions in the last year being new and younger customers (ph) -- of our new customers were young Millennial and Gen Z consumers. I think second, we strengthened our teams and ways of working and I talk about this, but it's about applying data and analytics, and consumer insights in the business. Putting it in the hands of decision makers so that it influences action and that's how we deliver results behind those capabilities. And third, they're all important, but maybe most importantly, we're investing in brand building activities. That includes doubling our marketing spend over the last few years and the capabilities to meet the consumer where they are. We have a strong direct-to-consumer platform. We continue to invest in that. And we have -- it starts with a productive and profitable store fleet and we don't talk a lot about this, but our store fleet today is more profitable than it was pre-pandemic. In addition, we've created capabilities to meet consumers in digital and social channels that is increasingly important and we've tripled our digital business versus pre-pandemic levels. And we supported all of this with disciplined operating principles and disciplined inventory management. So -- that's what's driving our business. It's working and our progress is reflected. You can see that increases in AUR, increases in gross margin that we're seeing across our brand and they've enabled us to consistently deliver strong results in the face of a volatile environment. Coach is a great example I'm going to steal a little thunder from Todd, is a great example of the power of these strategies. In fiscal '24, Coach is tracking to achieve its highest annual sales and earnings in its history and we see tremendous runway ahead for that brand. So overall, we’re excited about the opportunities we see in our current portfolio and with the potential of this acquisition.
Robert Drbul: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. Can you help us diagnose the North America sales weakness in the quarter and what drove the shortfall versus plan. Was it more pronounced in outlet versus full price? Was it a product category? And then after that, can you just talk a little bit about what caused the improvement quarter-to-date? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Perfect. I would cover the both of those together, Lorraine. Thank you for the question. North America, the environment is challenging. The aspirational consumer, it's -- particularly, the lower income cohort is under pressure on a relative basis and being more choiceful. We see that in our conversion results. Importantly, though, we entered the quarter with our eyes open on some of the challenges in North America with an intention on continuing to drive our business in a healthy way. And you can see that we continue to grow AUR and expanded gross margin and we were disciplined as we managed through it. And what we're seeing with this more considered purchase in North America is that innovation is what's driving engagement. And we know that, that bar is high for the consumer. In terms of your question, in terms of what's changing it, we're focused on brand building, delivering product excellence and great execution, including with strong inventory management. And what's changed the trend and it's changed pretty dramatically in the first quarter, we see an improvement. I think, number one, we're up against easier compares from a year ago, but we've also accelerated newness. As we -- being a direct-to-consumer model, we see the trends happening and we understand what consumers are responding to. And we've leveraged our agile supply chain to pull forward newness and that's had a big impact on our results. As we've talked about in the first quarter, quarter-to-date, our business running roughly in line with last year. So we've seen a nice turnaround there. And we're continuing to focus on driving a healthy business staying close to our consumer and delivering that great product that the consumer continues to respond to.
Scott Roe: And Lorraine, this is Scott. Maybe just to build on how that translates into the numbers too. We've given guidance for North America to be up slightly through the year, but really that trend that Joanne just mentioned that we're seeing right now is what's reflected in the first quarter, again -- against an easier comp, it distorts the year-on-year percentages a little bit. When we look at the balance of the year, it is very balanced, right? First half, second half and we've taken that trend on a go-forward basis in our assumptions. It's not heroic. It really reflects what we see on the ground right now and the trends that we see.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks. So Joanne, with the improvement in North America, how would you assess the overall health of the handbag and accessories category globally today or maybe how best to break down your 3% to 4% revenue guidance between AUR and units? And then, Scott, excluding the pause in share buyback associated with the transaction, I guess, has anything changed with your underlying plan for $5 earnings in FY '25? And can you speak to the free cash flow profile post integration and just the opportunity that this provides multiyear?
Joanne Crevoiserat: So thanks, Matt. I'll pick up the first part of that question in terms of the handbag category. This is an incredibly resilient and durable category. And we're seeing it, again, as we go through incredibly choppy demand environment around the world, the consumer continues to engage with this category in a very strong way. And it has a -- the category has proven to be durable through downturns, resilient and coming out of downturns. And the challenges that we faced over the last three years have really helped us to navigate different headwinds in different regions of the world. So as I look at our business, and the consumer response to the category, we're seeing really strong growth in our international businesses, even while the business in North America may be relatively challenged. And as we look forward, our outlook is for growth in every region in fiscal '24, slight growth in North America, but a continuation of the strong trends we see in international markets and our business is positioned to take advantage of those trends, both regionally and by channel, wherever the customer chooses to shop, we're in a great position to take advantage of those trends. And these are trends we're seeing today when a lot of the tourism business that maybe we have relied on in the past has been a bigger part of the business. We're driving this business with more local consumers and we expect over time that tourism to rebound and that will be an added benefit to our business. So a strong and durable category and we're well positioned to capitalize on that going forward.
Scott Roe: And that's the perfect build, Matt, on your question around how we see the $5. The business has momentum, we're coming from a position of strength and there's no change in the fundamental outlook that led us to talk about our confidence in hitting the $5. As you rightly pointed out, the pause in share repurchase does impact EPS, but not operating earnings in terms of those assumptions, right? So if you think about that impact, there's two factors. We don't buy back as many shares. So the average share count is obviously going to be higher than previously assumed. On the other hand, we're accumulating cash, right? And that cash will be available at closing to help pay down debt. In the meantime, it's going to earn interest. So the net of those two things on a cumulative basis are about $0.35 and we've previously already said, I think, in the press release, that's about $0.10 in fiscal '24. And then you asked about free cash flow, that's the exciting part sitting as a CFO here. When I look at the potential of this transaction, first of all, just a couple of data points that maybe ground everybody, there's about $1 billion in cumulatively, if you just add up the two companies today and the generation of cash flow, right now at this point is in excess of $1.5 billion per year, right? And we've said that when you consider synergies and growth over time, that number exceeds $2 billion on an annual basis. So $2 billion of free cash flow focused really acutely in the short term on paying down debt. And then over time, the optionality that, that gives us from a capital allocation is, I think, a difference making as you think about this as a combined company in the future.
Operator: Your next question is from Brook Roach of Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Good morning. Thank you very much for taking our question. I was hoping you could talk a bit more about the drivers of the positive handbag AUR that you saw in the quarter and your outlook for additional ticket and AUR increases as you move into FY '25? How are you planning for AUR growth, in particular, pricing growth in North America against what we perceive to be a slightly more promotional competitive industry backdrop? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, I'll kick it off and then toss it to Todd to give you some real color on how that's happening at Coach and continuing to happen year after year. We are driving handbag AUR growth, not only in Coach, Kate Spade delivering over two years of AUR growth as well. And it comes from really understanding our consumer, leveraging data across our value chain, all of the capabilities that we've built over the last few years and embedded in our decision-making in terms of our assortment size, our assortment architecture, cutting off the tail, our inventory management capabilities. All of those capabilities, our teams have embraced. Ways of working here are critically important to make sure that those capabilities end up in the hands of decision-makers and they drive action. And I'd be remiss if I did talk about the fact that when we get to know our customers better, that gives our creative teams an opportunity to deliver that incredible creativity in a powerful way that resonates with our target consumers. So it's that balance of magic and logic. And with that, I will pass it to Todd, and he can give you some examples of how that comes to life at Coach.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. And I said this before, innovation creates desire. And we have created a desire not just in the product, but the way we present the product. Joanne has talked a lot about how we use our Tapestry platform to inform our understanding of our customer. And we do this with coupled with the idea of expressive luxury. So when we look at expressive luxury, we talk about the actual product. We talk about the place, what's the environment we put it in. If you saw this year, we created so much innovation with the Tabby pop-ups globally, that created excitement. And so I'm very confident that the storytelling that we've really led with this purpose-led storytelling. We started last year with Lil Nas. We moved into connecting the product and the storytelling together with our Tabby campaign, which has drove incredible desire for Tabby. So I feel very good about our continuing AUR both in North America and globally. We'll see low to mid-single digits there. And we're doing it on both sides of the equation. We've raised the floor over the last couple of years, our consumers are coming into the brand at higher price points. We're extraordinarily focused on that 300 to 500 price range. And that has created even greater white space between us and European luxury. So for us, the desire of our product, the innovation we're bringing, the storytelling around it, all under the umbrella of express of luxury is working and I believe will continue to work.
Brooke Roach: Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Todd Kahn: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Just first, with respect to Kate Spade, I think you said you saw more pressure in the value channel. Was AUR up at Kate adjusted for what may have been a mix shift to retail from outlet? And then with respect to the acceleration in product launches early in Q1 here. What's your level of confidence that the acceleration in the revenue trend can be sustained? It sounds like there may be a bit of pull forward here to the extent you pushed up product releases? And then separately for Scott, just with freight, how much break recapture opportunity is left at this stage? Just if you could quantify that for us, it would be helpful. Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Thanks for your question, Mark. We did drive handbag AUR increases at Kate (ph) in North America. So it was not mix benefited and it's based on deliberate strategies. We are not chasing every last dollar of top line in our business. We're protecting brand health and we see a lot of runway ahead at Kate, both top line growth and in margin and AUR growth. They're a little bit earlier on the journey, although now we've got two years of consistent AUR increases under our belt. So we feel good about our ability to continue to drive AUR increases based on brand positioning. And that's the result of -- our disciplined operations are leveraging our platform with data and analytics and applying that to the business, but also driving innovation. And we're incredibly focused at Kate Spade at driving innovation and -- the big change that we saw was delivery -- faster delivery of that newness and innovation, particularly in the outlet channel with the Madison delivery, and that's not a one-off. This is a focus of ours as we get to know our core customer. We continue to innovate on product and experiences with the brand and those launches are working. We have more in store for fiscal '24. We talked about the launches of our Dakota bag coming this fall and other changes that we're making in the business that are having an impact. So we feel we're clear eyed about the opportunity at Kate. We are accelerating the pace of innovation to accelerate our progress, and we feel good about the product that we have in the pipeline to continue to drive that trend as we move forward.
Scott Roe: Yes. And so, as you think about the pace of the year or two, just maybe a little more on that. So first of all, we'll see a significant sequential improvement in Kate in the first quarter. I don't know, if we said that already. But just like we do in the overall business. So while that's certainly positive news, and we -- and Joanne already said, we're tracking quarter-to-date, very much in line with that. Also remember, the comps get a little squirrely between the quarters here. And when we look at a multiyear stack in Q1 and really the balance of the year in our guided outlook. It's a fairly consistent theme with international being relatively stronger in the first half. Again, comps being a lot of the driver of this and then a little more in North America in the back half. But when you zoom out a couple of clicks and just look at the trajectory, this is very much the current pace of business being projected in our outlook going forward. And again, I would just repeat, it's not heroic in the way we've done it, and it's very balanced. It's not back half loaded. It's very consistent in terms of the way we guided. You had a specific question on freight. We didn't identify it. I would tell you, freight is largely behind us now. The one quarter where we're going to see a benefit is Q1. And if you recall, from years past, that's when we started seeing the big freight and then we had one quarter where we were still down last year in gross margin because of freight. So we’ll get that benefit on a year-on-year basis in Q1. But for the balance of the year, it’s a much more moderate benefit as we look forward. So less than a full point as we look at this year.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Dana Telsey of Telsey Group.
Dana Telsey: Hi. As you think about this upcoming year in this upcoming fiscal year and improvement in China that you've seen, how are you planning for Asia and China? And how are you thinking about Europe go forward? And in particular, on the channel distribution, any unpacking of what you're seeing in wholesale and how that's differing from the retail performance? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. So let me start with China. Our categories and our brands are resonating with Chinese consumers. We drove 50% growth at constant currency in the market in the last quarter. And I know that the last year number was COVID disrupted, but that was an increase to our prior peak at constant currency. So we're seeing a consistently strong business in China the consumer continuing to value what we represent in the market. And our teams in China are doing an excellent job building our brands and connecting with consumers. As you know, we've been in that market for two decades, building brands, understanding the landscape and we've been agile to be able to pivot with the consumer and deliver in a way that they continue to respond to. As we look forward, we see an opportunity for continued performance in China. We talked about our guide high-single digit growth for this year. And just to frame it, it continues to expect that growth to our prior peak. So we do expect gradual recovery in China continuing throughout the year and as Scott mentioned, it's based on what we're seeing and the trends we see in the market today. So we expect a continuation. To your point, we're seeing tremendous opportunity as well in other Asia. And that's a part Japan and the rest of Asia is a part of the market that is now almost equal to China in terms of size, and it is also growing fast. We expect high-single digit growth in that region as well as in Europe. And in those markets, we're increasingly engaging the local domestic consumer base. And that's what's been driving, if you can think about it over the last three years, that's what's been driving our business. We also expect that there'll be some benefit of tourism as tourism recovers. We're seeing some of that today, mostly in Asia, a little bit in Europe, but not as much in the West at this point. We're not counting on that in our outlook. Again, we're taking the trends that we're seeing in the business and we're projecting those forward and we think a prudent way. But our international business is strong and our teams on the ground are engaging consumers in effective ways and the consumer is responding to the product and experiences which we're delivering.
Todd Kahn: And Dana, I'll just add on the wholesale, if you take Europe, we're really growing our wholesale business in Europe in a very productive way. I feel very good about that. And that benefits from a local consumer as Joanne said, but as we see China opening up more, there will be more -- if there is an inbound of PRC in the rest of Asia and in Europe, that will benefit us. And then in North America, again, Coach is 96% direct-to-consumer. So we have a much greater connectivity to our client in that area. That said, we always believe in the wholesale channel. We want to win in that channel. We'd love to see many of our wholesale partners create higher service levels in those channels that will enable us to do that and we're working with them on that. So overall, we feel good about our positioning. We feel good about controlling our own destiny, but there is tremendous opportunity. And I will say not just in handbags, but for the Coach brand, we see further opportunities with footwear, particularly in wholesale.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Scott Roe: And let me jump in here -- sorry, Dana. I'm just going to jump in. I was looking through my notes, and I don't think we fully answered one of the questions that Mark laid out. And I just wanted to get it out there for the group. It was specific on what we saw in AUR at Kate Spade. And we grew AUR across both retail and outlet in the fourth quarter in Kate Spade. So that focus on quality and while we’re not chasing the last dollar focus on fundamental and long-term brand health, that was evident in the quarter that we just reported. So I just wanted to get that out there.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Oliver Chen of TD Cowen.
Oliver Chen: Hi. Thanks a lot. As we look forward to holiday, what are your thoughts in terms of the inventory as well as planning around gifting and also you’ve been on a great journey to make the inventory breadth more efficient. And a follow-up question, would love you to talk to us a little bit about the approval process or major hurdles or catalysts ahead. And also, how you thought about the differences and the opportunity of the Michael Kors brand given that you have so much research -- consumer research there. We're looking at cross-product elasticity and diversion ratios, just to understand the relationships between the two brands and the big opportunity, financial and strategic? Thank you very much.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, maybe I'll pass it to Todd first to talk about how we're excited about holiday. We are in a great position to your point on inventory. Our inventory is down 8% versus last year, actually a better position than we were expecting coming out of the year. So that puts us in -- it gives us a great opportunity to ensure we have the right product at the right time for consumers. Todd, do you want to put a little color on that?
Todd Kahn: Yeah. Hi, Oliver. And I kind of was hoping you were going to ask me a Coachtopia question, but we feel very good about holiday. You're going to see clarity of products, building on our really significant platforms with Tabby. We're going to be launching starting in the fall, which will lead into holiday, and I won't give too much away on the holiday campaign. But our Shine campaign, which again is a further extension of connecting product with purpose (ph). We feel very, very good about that. We feel like we done a good job, but there's always room to improve on the animation of both the product and how we look at holiday. So I'm very excited for the holiday quarter. I think both in brick-and-mortar offerings as well as our digital offerings. And I will say, even though you didn't ask me, we are very excited about where we are with Coachtopia and as Joanne said, while still relatively small at the year ahead of where we thought we would be, more importantly, I'll quote Scott here. It's hitting above its weight class in terms of being a driver of younger consumers creating interest in the brand. So you'll see Coachtopia play really a significant factor as we start expanding the product offering and start putting it in more doors right around that holiday gift-giving period. So we'll have something for everyone at Coach and I know the same is true at our sister brand.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Todd. That is true. And I'll hit on the regulatory questions and the Michael Kors question briefly because I know we're running over time. But just in short, we're confident in our ability to complete this transaction. This is a transaction. It is highly complementary. It expands our portfolio reach and diversification. And to your point, Oliver, we fielded a lot of research coming into this transaction. We know that the portfolio at Capri includes -- and including Michael Kors, they're strong brands and they're well positioned in attractive markets and market segments. We’re excited about the opportunity that we see working together putting these brands on our platform. They’re distinctive and have unique positioning in the market, which is why they are so attractive to us. And that does include the Kors brand, putting that – all of the brands on our platform allows us to take these iconic brands with heritage put them on our consumer engagement platform to drive more innovation, more connectivity and really more relevance for the consumer which will benefit all of our stakeholders around the world. So we’re excited about the opportunities ahead.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A. I will now turn it over to Joanne for some concluding remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, thank you for joining us today and for your interest in our story and thank you to our exceptional teams around the world. We're pleased to report record earnings per share in fiscal '23 and to share our expectations for the continued top and bottom line growth we see for fiscal '24. We're in a position of strength and we're laser-focused on our current business where we have significant runway. Building on this foundation last week, we were excited to announce the planned acquisition of Capri Holdings. We have strong conviction that this combination positions us for an even brighter future, accelerating our strategic agenda and driving enhanced cash flow and financial returns. We see a compelling opportunity to deliver superior value for all stakeholders and I look forward to engaging with you in the days ahead. Thanks, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes Tapestry's earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-05-11 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to this Tapestry Conference call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Please note this call may be recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our third quarter results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Rowe, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website. www.tavestry.com/investors and then view the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with highlights for Tapestry and our brand. Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities and our outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Cristina, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, we delivered strong revenue, margin and earnings growth in the third quarter, significantly outpacing expectations. This demonstrates the power of brand building, customer centricity and our agile operating model. Importantly, we continue to advance our long-term strategic agenda, creating lasting customer relationships around the world through product innovation and compelling omnichannel experiences a testament to the ingenuity of our talented global teams who continue to drive our results. Touching on the strategic and financial highlights of the quarter. First, we powered global growth achieving 9% constant currency revenue gains, meaningfully surpassing our outlook. These top line results were led by our international businesses, which grew nearly 20% excluding FX. This included a greater-than-anticipated inflection in Greater China, where sales increased 20%, supported by a strong rebound in traffic and returning to growth compared to the region's peak fiscal '21 levels. Importantly, given our history in the market and the brand building investments we've made, our brands are well positioned to capture the opportunity with the Chinese consumer, both in Greater China and around the world. In the quarter, we also drove continued momentum in Japan and other Asia with sales growth of over 20% as well as a mid-single-digit increase in Europe. In North America, sales rose low single digits against an increasingly challenging consumer backdrop. Of note, these results benefited from growth in January as we anniversaried more acute COVID-related disruptions in the prior year. Taken together, we delivered strong sales growth globally, while driving higher growth and operating margins compared to prior year, underscoring our commitment to being disciplined stewards of our brands and business. Second, we continue to build lasting customer relationships. During the quarter, we acquired over 1.2 million new customers in North America alone. Importantly, these new customers transacted at higher AUR than the balance of our customer base and approximately half of these customers were millennial and Gen Z, consistent with our strategy to attract younger consumers to our brands. At the same time, we reactivated lapsed customers across the portfolio. Third, we delivered seamless omnichannel experiences, harnessing the power of our direct-to-consumer business model and highlighting our ability to meet consumers where they are shopping. We drove 10% growth in direct-to-consumer sales on a constant currency basis. This was led by low-teens growth in brick-and-mortar sales as we welcome an increasing number of consumers to our stores. In addition, digital sales rose mid-single digits and remained over 3 times ahead of prepandemic levels. Fourth, we fueled fashion innovation and product excellence informed by data, analytics and consumer research. To this end, we drove handbag AUR growth globally and in North America, which supported our gross margin increases in the quarter. We also delivered outsized gains in our small leather goods and lifestyle offerings key to enhancing brand relevance and fueling customer value over time. Taken together, we generated third quarter earnings well above our expectations, rising over 50% compared to the prior year which we accomplished despite a volatile demand backdrop and currency headwinds. Based on this performance, we are raising our outlook for the fiscal year, underscoring our ability to drive sustainable, profitable growth. Now turning to the highlights across each of our brands, starting with Coach. We outperformed expectations in the third quarter as we continue to build strength on strength. We drove an 11% revenue increase at constant currency, while delivering over 300 basis points of operating margin expansion fueled by gross margin gains. Throughout the quarter, we advanced our strategic initiatives, bringing expressive luxury to life. First, we built on the momentum of our leather goods offering, extending our iconic families to drive consumer engagement. Tabby was again a top performer, resonating with both new and existing customers with notable success in the core shoulder bag. During the quarter, we launched new styles, including the Tabby Box bag, which provided silhouette diversification as well as the fun and nostalgic Jelly tab, which drove strong sell-through specifically with younger consumers. In the Road family, our top handle silhouette gained momentum, becoming the number one style within the collection. At the same time, Willow drove significant volume while Bandit outperformed expectations at elevated price points. In addition, we're creating compelling and emotional small leather goods assortment. As a result, we drove outsized growth in the category aided by success across wallets and micro bags in keeping with current trends. Overall, our product innovation supported by the use of data and consumer insights throughout the product creation process fueled a high single-digit global handbag AUR growth at constant currency including gains in North America. Second, we focused our marketing investments on brand-building activities, connecting emotionally with customers through the unique purpose of the brand. Building on Coach's courage to be real mission, we debuted our latest marketing that connects product and purpose. Our In My Tabby campaign featuring Will mass X, alongside a cast of global brand ambassadors redefines what we carry, not just in terms of physical objects but the experiences, journeys and aspirations that shape who we are. Importantly, our 360-degree activation efforts supported the acquisition of approximately 800,000 new customers in North America alone, with over half being millennial or Gen Z. We also drove strong engagement with existing clientele and reactivated lapsed customers, reaffirming our ability to attract new customers while retaining our existing customer base. And in China, we drove strong growth and brand momentum, capitalizing on Coach's leadership positioning and track record of success since entering the market 2 decades ago. During the quarter, we were pleased with the performance of our collaboration with the Nostalgic White Rabbit Candy brand, which debuted a celebration of Lunar New Year. This collection successfully drove the acquisition of new customers with over half of its purchasers being new to the brand. Third, we drove a strong top line increase in our lifestyle offering, an area of long-term opportunity for the brand. In ready-to-wear, we delivered outsized growth with success across genders as we leaned into the key branding elements. This performance was led by our compelling outerwear selection anchored by the brand's iconic trench. In men's, double-digit constant currency gains were fueled by our leather goods offering, aided by the continued strength of our Gotham family as well as the successful launch of the relay tote offered in a range of colors and featuring Coach New York graphics. Fourth, we created omnichannel experiences that resonate with consumers by communicating our brand purpose of self-expression. We tested new experiential and immersive retail concepts across the globe, creating opportunities for customers to engage their senses throughout their brand and product discovery journeys. In Chicago, we launched Coach Play, the first in a series of concept stores, encouraging customers to play in coach spaces. These highly interactive locations, which we have since opened in Japan and Singapore, are bespoke, balancing design elements of the brand's heritage with local elements to connect with each store's community. Further, we leaned into the success of our Taavi family to create Taavi shops in select stores around the world. These compelling environments utilize existing store architecture and were inspired by traditional ice cream shops to celebrate the different flavors of this iconic handbag collection. We also showcased these pop-ups across our digital channels, allowing the brand to scale the experience to a broader audience. And just last month, we were excited to officially launch Coachtopia, a sub-brand created with the goal of reimagining and disrupting the fashion industry. By working with a community of partners, including Gen Zs, we kept circularity as our North Star, delivering a line of products crafted from reused leather bags and recycled materials. While a small assortment today, we are extremely pleased with the response to the product and purpose and see further opportunity ahead. In closing, Coach continues to differentiate both in its brand positioning and its financial performance. This success is rooted in the brand's magic. Its unique DNA and iconic product offerings, blended with the logic of deep customer understanding. Importantly, through expressive luxury, we're writing Coach's next chapter by connecting our history and purpose with innovative product and experiences, enabling self-expression for modern consumers around the world. We are confident in our strategy and the opportunity to deliver continued healthy growth for years to come. Now moving to Kate Spade. Our third quarter results outpaced expectations, supported by revenue gains on a constant currency basis and gross margin expansion. At the same time, we made further foundational investments that are supporting our long-term strategic growth agenda. Positioning the brand to be more emotional, more lifestyle and more global in order to drive customer connectivity and deliver profitable growth. Touching on the details of the quarter. First, we remain focused on delivering an innovative and distinctive core handbag offering. The not remained the top global handbag group, while the recently introduced Hudson, which features wear-to-work styles was a recruitment driver for younger consumers. In addition, the iconic sandbag offered in recycled nylon drove strong growth. The success of this family highlights the opportunity to engage consumers by leaning into the brand heritage and innovation. We also amplified our novelty offering, bringing heightened emotion and newness to the brand. The sheep dog collection resonated with both new and existing customers. In fact, this was the number one full-price novelty style in the quarter, priced at nearly $500. Overall, our product initiatives, coupled with our use of data to deepen our understanding of consumer preferences, supported low single-digit handbag AUR growth at constant currency, both globally and in North America. Next, we advanced our strategy to become more lifestyle, delivering strong revenue growth in the assortment, led by momentum in ready-to-wear, footwear and jewelry. Importantly, we continue to see that customers who shop across categories are our highest value customers, demonstrating the importance of the brand's lifestyle offering as a long-term growth driver. Now touching on marketing. We expressed the world of Kate Spade through unique storytelling. In celebration of the brand's 30th anniversary, we leaned into its DNA as a beloved lifestyle brand that sparks Joy. To do this, we increased our top of funnel marketing spend, targeting millennial and Gen Z consumers to support the reimagination of our heritage codes. Stripes, Dots and Kate Spade Green, which we launched in partnership with Pantone. This signature shade, which was featured an exclusive capsule across categories as well as updated recyclable and reusable packaging has been particularly successful with the brand's loyal fan base. We're also continuing to engage with consumers through our social impact effort, which connects our customers to our brand beyond products. Taken together, our impactful marketing helped fuel the recruitment of approximately 400,000 new customers in North America. Additionally, we saw strong lapsed customer reactivation and an overall increase in spend per customer. And finally, in keeping with our priority is becoming more global, we remain focused on meeting our target consumer where they shop around the world. To this end, we continue to roll out our new store concept, which began with Marina Bay Sands in Singapore in October. Since then, we have expanded the concept further to more than 15 doors across the globe, creating a compelling brand experience. And in Greater China, an area of opportunity for the brand, we launched Lunar New Year capsule collections, pop-ups and WeChat activations featuring our rabbit novelty offering, which drove strong engagement. In addition, we collaborated with Starbucks China on a series of limited time-only merchandise to help build Kate Spade's brand awareness and excitement. The capsule had strong sell-throughs with more than half of the assortment selling out in just 2 days, signaling the brand's appeal to a broad base of Chinese consumers. In summary, we continue to make progress in advancing the brand's strategic growth agenda and see further opportunity ahead. Kate Spade is a unique lifestyle brand with global relevance, and we're making key investments to deepen consumer engagement through compelling products, marketing and experiences to drive sustainable growth and margin improvement over the long term. Turning to Stuart Weitzman. In the third quarter, we delivered 10% revenue growth in constant currency, supported by double-digit growth in North America and a mid-single-digit increase in Greater China. Importantly, we achieved this top line performance while significantly expanding margins with higher full price selling driving gross margin gains. Turning to the details of the quarter. We made further progress on our strategy to win with heat and improve brand awareness. First, we curated a highly relevant assortment of emotional product to spark desire. Our newer iconic families led our results with notable outperformance in pumps, booties and loafers. Soho was again a top collection, anchored by the on-trend luxol which saw a strong performance with millennial and Gen Z customers, while the Stewart family continued to grow and resonated across age groups. And our handbag collection, while still a small portion of the assortment, drove engagement with both new and existing clients at high AUR and accretive margins. Second, we focused on creating compelling shopping experiences across the globe. As a result, we drove revenue growth in our global direct business, led by increases in North America, which included significant growth in digital. We also continue to strengthen our wholesale partnerships. Specifically, in North America, we saw an increase in sales at full price accounts while continuing to reduce off-price exposure as we focus on brand elevation. And internationally, we delivered continued growth as we increased our presence across key accounts. Third, we fueled brand heat by leveraging new marketing tactics to increase buzz and organic awareness. This included an influencer back campaign with a compelling styling series to highlight our spring collection. In addition, we were pleased with the performance of our limited edition collection with Kids Super, a New York City-based streetwear brand and creative studio, which featured artistic plays on our icons that reach new customers across the globe at higher-than-average AUR. As a result of our focus on connecting with consumers in new ways, we drove an increase in the number of active customers in the quarter, fueled by engagement with our existing client base, including growth in reactivated customers. Overall, we continue to advance our strategic initiatives to drive brand heat and awareness while maintaining financial and operational rigor to further support profitable growth. In closing, our third quarter results reinforce our progress in differentiating our brands and business. Although the environment remains uncertain, we operate in attractive durable categories from a position of strength with iconic brands amplified by a digitally enabled platform that powers them to move at the speed of the consumer. We remain steadfast in our commitment to building enduring brands and relationships with consumers, and we're investing behind these priorities. At the same time, we're being agile and disciplined financial operators. Controlling what we can control to successfully navigate the near term while advancing our long-term strategic growth agenda. Our runway is significant, and we have a relentless drive to deliver sustainable growth and value for all stakeholders. With that, I'll turn it over to Scott, who will discuss our financial results, capital priorities and fiscal '23 outlook. Scott?
Scott Roe: Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. As Joanne mentioned, we delivered significant top and bottom line outperformance. In the quarter, we drove revenue growth of 9% on a constant currency basis, including 20% growth internationally. We expanded operating margin by approximately 280 basis points versus last year, led by gross margin gains and grew earnings per share by over 50%.Importantly, we also returned $270 million to shareholders, demonstrating our commitment to enhancing long-term value. Turning to the details of the quarter, I'll begin with revenue, which will be shared on a constant currency basis. Sales rose 9%, well ahead of our expectations for an increase of 3% to 5% fueled by games both internationally and in North America. In Greater China, we returned to revenue growth in the quarter, driven by an improvement in traffic. Sales increased 20% with double-digit gains across stores, digital and wholesale. At the same time, we've started to see an uptick in domestic Chinese travel, including significant gains in our Hong Kong and Macau businesses as well as a pickup in Hainan. Importantly, although these initial reads have been encouraging, global Chinese tourist trends still remain well below pre-pandemic levels, representing an area of further opportunity. In Japan, sales rose approximately 23%, while Other Asia grew 22%, driven by strength across Malaysia, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand and Thailand, with notable traction among local consumers. Sales to tourists also improved versus the prior year, although remained well below prepandemic levels. In Europe, sales increased 4%, fueled by gains with international tourists, notably from the Middle East. And in North America, sales rose 3%, driven by growth in January against last year's atypical comparisons related to COVID. For the balance of the quarter and into April, trends in the region softened amid an increasingly challenging consumer backdrop. As such, we've incorporated a mid-single-digit decline in sales in North America into our fourth quarter outlook. By channel, our direct-to-consumer business grew 10%, led by a low-teens gain in stores as well as a mid-single-digit increase in digital. Importantly, we delivered higher operating margin in both channels relative to last year. And in wholesale, revenue was 7% below the prior year, reflecting growth in the international markets, fully offset by a decline in North America, which included a strategic reduction in off-price shipments. Moving down the P&L. We delivered gross margin ahead of our projection and 290 basis points above prior year. This year-over-year expansion included approximately 360 basis points of favorable freight expense, partially offset by 120 basis points of FX headwinds. Therefore, excluding these impacts, gross margin was still ahead of the prior year, fueled by operational outperformance based on AUR increases, promotional discipline and a tailwind related to the increased penetration of higher-margin China business. SG&A rose 5% compared to the prior year and included approximately $10 million of timing benefit with the fourth quarter. Throughout the quarter, we continued to prioritize high-return initiatives, including platform investments and brand building activities. Taken together, operating margin and operating income were ahead of our forecast and ahead of prior year. As a result, our third quarter EPS was approximately $0.20 ahead of our forecast, primarily due to $0.10 of operational outperformance as well as a favorable timing shift of $0.05 with the fourth quarter and roughly $0.05 associated with below-the-line benefits. Overall, we delivered earnings growth of over 50% despite $0.10 of year-over-year FX headwinds. Now turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter with $652 million in cash and investments and total borrowings of $1.67 billion. There were no borrowings outstanding under our $1.25 billion revolver. Free cash flow for the quarter was an inflow of $71 million including CapEx and implementation costs related to cloud computing of $57 million. Inventory levels for the quarter ended 2% ahead of prior year favorable to our expectations on higher sales and tight inventory control. Given this performance, we're now well positioned to end the fiscal year with inventory approximately flat to last year as we continue to focus on higher inventory turn while delivering gross margin expansion. Moving to our capital allocation priorities. We continue to plan for approximately $1 billion in shareholder returns in fiscal 2023, which consists of share repurchases of $700 million including $500 million repurchased fiscal year-to-date as planned and dividend payments totaling approximately $300 million. This is based on an annual dividend rate of $1.20 per share which represents a 20% increase over the prior year. Our priorities remain unchanged. First, we're investing in the business to drive long-term profitable growth and second, we're returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In the future, we believe our platform is scalable and would evaluate M&A that is accretive to our organic TSR plan. So moving to guidance. We're raising our fiscal year 2023 revenue and earnings outlook, which reflects our outperformance in the third quarter of $0.15, excluding the impact of timing. Let's touch on the details of this outlook, which replaces all previous guidance. For the fiscal year, we expect constant currency revenue growth of approximately 3%. On a reported basis, we anticipate sales to approach $6.7 billion, which is in the area of prior year and includes roughly 320 basis points of FX pressure. This implies constant currency revenue growth of approximately low single digits in the fourth quarter, excluding FX headwind of approximately 150 basis points. Touching on sales details by region at constant currency. In North America, our guidance continues to contemplate a low single-digit decline for the year. As previously noted, this implies a mid-single-digit sales decline in the fourth quarter based on the increasingly challenging backdrop we're seeing. This also reflects our commitment to maintaining promotional discipline and higher margins as we manage our brands and our business for the long term. In Greater China, given the third quarter's outperformance, we anticipate a mid-single-digit gain for the fiscal year which includes an increase of approximately 50% in the fourth quarter. In Japan, we expect to grow mid-teens, while other Asia is forecasted to grow 40%. And in Europe, we anticipate a high single-digit sales increase. In addition, our outlook includes a year-over-year operating margin decline in the area of 50 basis points, which assumes FX pressure of roughly 115 basis points. We expect the majority of this FX headwind to flow through the gross margin line. We anticipate gross margin to be approximately 100 basis points ahead of the prior year, largely reflecting the operational beat in the third quarter and the expectation for continued margin expansion in the fourth quarter. For the full year, our gross margin forecast incorporates the benefit of moderating freight costs of 140 basis points as well as AUR growth, which is being partially offset by the previously anticipated rising input costs for materials as well as the negative impact of FX, as mentioned. On SG&A expenses, we anticipate deleverage for the year, reflecting growth-driving initiatives, including increased marketing expenses to fuel long-term customer value, investments in digital and the opening of our new fulfillment center in Las Vegas, partially offset by proactive actions we've taken to reduce our expense base. Moving to below the line items. Net interest expense for the year is anticipated to be approximately $30 million, a significant decline versus fiscal '22, reflecting the benefit of our cross-currency swap agreements. The tax rate is expected to be approximately 19%, which is below our prior forecast given the lower actualization in the third quarter due primarily to geographic mix. Weighted average diluted share count is expected to be in the area of 242 million shares. This reflects approximately $700 million in share repurchases expected in the fiscal year as noted. Taken together, we project EPS of $3.85 to $3.90, representing a low double-digit growth rate compared with the prior year which includes a year-over-year currency headwind of approximately $0.40. For the fourth quarter, this guidance implies earnings of $0.92 to $0.97, inclusive of the $0.05 timing impact with the third quarter. Finally, we now forecast CapEx and cloud computing costs to be in the area of $280 million. We expect approximately 30% of this spend to be related to openings and renovations with the majority of the balance dedicated to our ongoing digital and IT initiatives, including investments related to our new fulfillment center in Las Vegas. In closing, we delivered strong third quarter results with sales, margin and earnings growth all outpacing expectations, positioning us to raise our top and bottom line outlook for the fiscal year. In addition, we remain on track to return $1 billion to shareholders in fiscal '23, highlighting the power of our balance sheet and significant free cash flow generation. Importantly, our performance underscores our competitive advantages and reinforces our strategic agenda. As we look forward, we remain focused on staying agile and discipline to deliver against our long-term priorities to drive sustainable, profitable growth and shareholder returns. I'd now like to open it up and take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim.
Bob Drbul: Can you discuss a little more in detail the demand backdrop that you're facing in North America and in China, how this impacts your view of the opportunity from here?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, we did deliver a solid quarter, which reinforces our confidence in our strategy and showcases the benefits of our globally diversified business and our direct-to-consumer business model. And I want to take a minute before I start to recognize our teams around the world who continue to drive our results. We are pleased not only in our top line growth, but the significant gross margin expansion we delivered and we're deliberately managing our brands and our business for the long term. In North America, results in the third quarter were better than expected, although the trends did soften as the quarter progressed and that continued into April. The backdrop is increasingly challenging, and we are seeing a more cautious consumer. We've incorporated this trend into our guidance for Q4. What you've seen in the third quarter is we're committed to being disciplined financial operators with a focus on driving healthy growth, both with a focus on margins and brand health. Conversely, our business in China is accelerating. As Scott mentioned, we drove double-digit growth in stores, online and in wholesale in the quarter. And importantly, at a constant currency basis, we're growing above our previous peak from FY '21. And I think another important fact is that we're building momentum with strong growth across the balance of Asia. And that business is now also about 15% of our total business. And I just got back from being in China and Southeast Asia, and I am so impressed with our teams and how they've navigated the challenges in the environment. We've been in China with Coach, as you know, for 2 decades, and our teams are a differentiator. I saw this clearly during our travels. And it's a real competitive advantage for us. It's setting our brands apart, they're delivering innovation and connecting with our customers. And the confidence we have in our performance gives us long-term confidence. Over the last 3 years, we've proven our ability to drive earnings growth in the face of a dynamic environment and headwinds in the market. The third quarter was no different. Our performance, I think, highlights our strength -- the strength of our globally diversified business, again, in our direct-to-consumer business model, and it showcases the strength of our brands around the world. We'll continue to build on this strength, and we see tremendous runway ahead across our portfolio.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: I guess maybe for Joanne and Scott, I wanted to ask, you've had several quarters under your belt now since your Analyst Day, you had the $8 billion target with $5-plus of earnings by '25. Can you maybe just comment on your thoughts on those targets at this point. Clearly, the revenue run rate has been below well you guys had hoped for, even though it is accelerating, which is great, but the margins seem like they have been better. So just trying to see confidence on both those top and bottom line expectations that you guys laid out multiyear.
Joanne Crevoiserat: I'll let Scott unpack the numbers for you, but we are gaining confidence in our strategy every quarter we deliver in over the last 3 years. But certainly, since our since our Investor Day, our teams continue to deliver on the priorities we laid out. And you can see by our results in the beaten rates we deliver today that those strategies are working, but I'll profit to Scott. Targets?
Scott Roe: Yes, sure. Thanks, Joe. Yes, we recently made comments around our confidence in the $5-plus EPS target that we laid out in our Investor Day, and we tell you a little bit why we had that confident in right? It's been a volatile and certain demand environment, and we're really focused on the things we can control, and there are certain things we can't. But we're -- we said it repeatedly, we're not chasing the last dollar. We're being disciplined. And I think this year is a great testament to that. It certainly developed differently than we thought. But when we look at the way in which we're operating, the strong gross margin performance, coupled with our inventories being in great shape. It's evidence of strong discipline, the pricing power of the brand. And we continue to invest in growth longer term. And at the same time, using the great insight we have the 90% direct-to-consumer and that data. We're really rigorous on the returns on those investments and making sure that they're paying off and that they're driving future quality growth. So you put these things together, and you're right, it's hard to see what the demand is going to look like, but we're gaining more and more confidence in our ability to deliver earnings just as we did this year, and we see that discipline being an even more important differentiator going forward. Now a little bit about maybe the shape of that, just to help you, you're probably doing some modeling here, and many of you are, we would expect our path to $5 to be a little more weighted to '25 versus '24. And the reason for that is we've seen moderated North American performance, but we're a global diversified model, and we're seeing an acceleration in China. So you put those together, we see a little more back-weighted in '25.
Operator: We'll move next to Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Has the promotional stance changed at all as trends fueled in North America? And what is your outlook for AUR and price increases over the next several quarters?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, Lorraine, the promotional environment exists. It always exists. I think we see an active promotional environment in the context of doing business in North America. But we have been very disciplined in terms of how we think about our brands and our -- how we go to market. We continue to see pricing power across our portfolio. We delivered AUR gains and gross margin increases across the portfolio, and we expect that to continue. It really starts with great product, and our teams are innovating and delivering compelling products that consumers desire. We're achieving and exceeding our revenue targets on higher gross margins again across the portfolio, which is evidence that being close to the consumer and delivering this product, it's working. We're going to remain agile. We do see further opportunity for AUR gains and gross margin growth. I think I'll probably kick it to Todd, who is Coach brand, which is further on the journey here to driving AUR gains and really understanding the customer and managing the business extremely well. So Todd, I'll let you add some color right.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. And in the last 3 years, I've been waiting for that nonpromotional environment to about I haven't yet seen it. What we have seen is in the last 3 years, we've increased our AUR by 30%. And I'm optimistic about the continued growth of our AUR at Coach for 4 main reasons. First, our innovation and storytelling, particularly when we talk about handbags and SLGs. I think what you saw this last year since we've created expressive luxury is taking our purpose campaign and tying it to an actual product. And that is a differentiator from us and maybe our close-in competitors. Second, something we've talked about quite a bit, emotion always trumps price. And when you look at the small back phenomenon that we've experienced some of our highest fares, particularly in our value channel, command some of the smallest bags commanding the highest AUR. So we feel very good about that. Third, the white space that exists today between traditional European luxury where Coach play is the largest we've ever experienced. So that gives us a lot of room to continue to show the consumer the value of our products. And finally, something that both Joanne and Scott talk about quite a bit is our tight inventory control. Since we started our innovation and our transformation 3 years ago, we cut out about 50% -- almost 50% of our SKU count. That allows us to focus meaningfully on key family which reduces the liability that we had historically had to carry. So I think those 4 things combined gives me a lot of confidence that we still have a way to go on AUR growth. And as Scott said, we're not chasing top line. We are securing our margins, building a new customer base who are transacting at higher AURs.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: So Joanne, how would you assess if we take a step back, overall health of the handbags and accessories category globally today? And can you help walk through the functional drivers of the sustainable category growth that we've seen if you look back historically? And then, Scott, maybe could you just speak to the profitability balance with investments that you're clearly striking, or any constraints that you see to executing against the multiyear double-digit earnings growth target that you've laid out?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Let me start with the handbag category. It is a resilient and durable category. And it has historically grown in that mid- to high single-digit level for years. And it has proven the category -- has proven going to be durable through downturns. And I think there are a couple of reasons that drive that. One, the consumers have an emotional connection to this category, and we continue to get closer and closer to our consumers, particularly new and younger consumers coming into the market. To understand their needs and to appeal for both the emotional drivers of that category as well as the functional drivers of the category. There's a lot written about goods and services and where consumers are spending their money. But the handbag and leather goods category is a category that consumers use in all aspects of their lives. We saw demand even when people were locked in at home, and there was our stores were closed and people were going nowhere. And then as the world reopened and people were going to social occasions and traveling more going back to work, we saw a resurgence in demand and the resilience as people bring our products with them on those occasions. So I think the durability of the category speaks to both the emotional connection that consumers have as well as the functional needs that we support across all aspects of their life. And the journey that we've been on in terms of brand building, it's really understanding the consumers' journey. We continue to leverage data to get deeper and deeper into those use occasions and their journeys and their needs emotionally and functionally and that's how we continue to deliver and deliver with pricing power. As we look forward, we do a lot of research. There is still strong intent to spend in the category as we go forward. So we expect the trends to continue. And then the second of your question?
Scott Roe: Yes, building on the second part. I think just going back to what Todd said earlier, it's -- our model right now and how we think about the trade-offs of profit and investment, we're not getting profit through SG&A cuts, right? We're getting it through quality growth. And Todd comment about leaning into engagement versus price, the discipline that goes around that, getting price increases driving those gross margins. That's why we're so focused on gross margins. that allows us to both continue to invest in the business and drive that emotional connection and at the same time, deliver profitability. And just finally, linking back to what I said before, we're being really rigorous about making sure we're getting these investments. And some things work and we lean in, some things don't work, and we're quick to cut them off. And I think that's just the evidence of when we say disciplined operators. We're really looking at this with a lot of rigor right now.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brook Roche of Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Joanne, I was wondering if you could elaborate a bit more on the changes that you saw in the North American consumer and their engagement with the brands in the back half of the quarter. What did you see in terms of traffic and conversion among various demographic cohorts? And then perhaps as a follow-up, how is customer acquisition and retention trending for Coach brand among the consumers that have been acquired since the acceleration strategy began?
Joanne Crevoiserat: So in terms of what we're seeing in North America, we're seeing the trends and the softness really more broad-based. So we're not seeing it targeted to any one specific consumer group. As we look across our business. And as you may know, our brands and our customer average household income is around that $100,000 mark, and that's true across channels. And so what we saw in the quarter was just a generally more cautious consumer. And we are managing our business responsibly and to drive brand health. So continue to see pricing power within that context, but just a more cautious consumer overall. And that's what we've embedded in our guidance as we go forward so that we have realistic expectations about what the market is providing. We're managing a global business. So we are seeing strength in other parts of our business. We have the agility to respond to those differing demand trends and continue to manage our business in a healthy way. So our outlook, and we raised our outlook shows that in our expectation for increased margin continuing gross margins and continuing in Q4. So that's how we're thinking about the consumer and how we're managing our business. On consumer acquisition at Coach, yes, I'll pass it to Todd, maybe give you some color on that.
Todd Kahn: Yes. Thank you, Joanne. What we said this last quarter, we acquired over 800,000 new customers in North America alone. And if you look back at the last almost a year. Our customer acquisition is really doing quite well. And what we're seeing is our strategy of focusing in a younger millennial and Gen Z consumer is working. About half of the new customers are that younger cohort. Interestingly, they are transacting at higher AURs. So it is a self-fulfilling benefit to us. Additionally, what is important is we're retaining our existing customers. we're not firing our current customers. So we welcome everyone in the Coach family. But what I'd love to hear is -- not only is it my brand for my mom, it's a brand for me now. And that's what we're hearing more and more and that's what's exciting. And that's what gives us confidence that our strategy is working.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Oliver Chen of TD Cowen.
Oliver Chen: Coachtopia have a lot of great underpinning there. I would love your thoughts on materials innovation and sustainability and how that may scale to Coach at large? And any details on cost of goods sold or longer and near-term implications for margin profile there? And then as you speak to North America, you could speak to outlet relative to full price, any trends we should know about? And also your outlet channel continues to seem very vibrant times as well as utilizing personalization and the customer data platform to drive differentiation and innovation. Just look the head with thinking about outlet and maintaining that and how yield balance the execution there relative to full price.
Todd Kahn: I was worried I wasn't going to get my quota of questions for Coach, but clearly, we have achieved that now based on that. Joanne, I guess I'll take this and then you. Give some views on everything else. So Oliver, you're right about Coachtopia. It's been an overnight success, 2 years in the making. And we are very proud of what we've accomplished with Coach Topia. And what we started off was this idea that both Coach and Tapestry do incredible work on sustainability, but we were always getting full credit for it. So we wanted to create a sub-brand that highlighted those efforts. We also recognized there was an opportunity to co-create with Gen Z and millennials. And today, we have a community over -- a community of over 120 coached open who are inspiring us and providing key input on the development of the product. We will be scaling Coachtopia. I'd like to say this is not a vanity project, but we will be -- but it will become a large and profitable business. And you're exactly right in calling out that the concept of Coachtopia is to take learning that we've developed in product and material and usage of waste and applying those into coach. And over the long term, that will have an absolute benefit in reducing our COGS. And so we're excited by that opportunity. In outlet and in North America, I think it's key that we must and will continue to innovate product offerings and ideas through all of our channels. And we're seeing that. We're seeing great results in both brick-and-mortar outlet and outlet.com in North America as well as our full price business. And 1 of the things we've talked about in the past is our most valued customers in their lifetime value are those who shop in all 4 quadrants of our business. So we will continue to use data. We've experimented as Joanne said, both of us just came back from Asia. One of the things we're doing so well in Asia is the outlet stores are some of the most beautiful, compelling stores in our fleet. We've put in Taavi product, full price, no discounting, and it's driving real sales there. So we're taking some of those learnings and applying them in the U.S. One of the opportunities is we've grown on both coach.com and coachoutlet.com, is that we see the consumer cross-shopping in a beneficial way. So this opportunity, if client of ours comes into a coach outlook looking for tapping, we want to satisfy that demand. So it's very exciting. I think there's a lot of opportunity for us to continue to grow both channels very profitably.
Scott Roe: Todd, just to build on to, yes, just to build on that, Oliver, too, just you asked a little bit about differentiation in channels, if I understood it right. We don't really see any material trend differences between retail or outlet across Tapestry, just for your information.
Oliver Chen: Just a quick follow-up on China. There's a lot of momentum there, but there's also at some retailers some conversion issues. So what do you see happening with the evolution of mainland consumption versus abroad? And there are some limitations with Bose and slight capacity. So would love your thoughts about what's embedded in guidance and perhaps risk factors that may or may not be out of your control?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Let me kick it off here, but we're winning in China, and we are seeing and able to capture momentum in the domestic market in China. And again, we talked about double-digit increase across all channels. We have a very strong brick-and-mortar presence in the market and 2 decades of experience in the market with understanding consumers. We've built a digital business and are on multiple platforms as we follow the consumer in the market. So we feel very well positioned to meet and deliver meet that demand. and deliver for customers in the market. To your point, we're seeing some shifts as they come out of the COVID restrictions. We're seeing more domestic travel. So we're capturing more business in Hong Kong, Macau, and in Hainan, which is a strong businesses for us. We have yet to see a resumption of international travel at the levels that it was pre-pandemic. But again, we're driving significant growth in Southeast Asia, which is a market that the Chinese consumer used to travel to quite a bit. We're seeing and delivering significant growth today with a more domestic consumer. And we're well positioned in that market to capture the international inbound Chinese consumer as that unfolds as well as in Europe and in North America. So those trends have changed. We're not back to prepandemic levels of travel. We're capturing the demand we see in the mainland based on our deep experience there. And we are well positioned in the rest of the world as those international travel trends improve.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: A couple of quick ones for me. Just first, with respect to real estate, I was hoping you could touch on the outlook for the portfolio there. I think you had some net closures in the quarter, probably some seasonality. But just in the context of the ongoing strength you're seeing in digital channels, how should we be thinking about the runway there? And then separately, with respect to gross margin, Scott, it looks like you're going to be approaching fiscal '21's high watermark this year. Maybe touch on some of the gross margin puts and takes beyond fiscal '23. It seems like freight is still an opportunity. You might be seeing some geographic mix benefits. Just wonder if there's any headwinds to be mindful of as we update our models?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. I can kick it off with a question on our fleet. We were pleased actually to see the brick-and-mortar sales continue to grow. We drove low teens growth in brick-and-mortar. And I continue to say we have the best teams in the business and having customers and welcoming customers back to our stores gives us an opportunity to have our associates connect our customers more deeply with our brands. And it's a terrific experience if you've been in our stores, hopefully, you know that. But we also have digital capabilities to meet the customer where they are. And that's proved to be a really strong investment, and we continue to improve the experience we're delivering both in brick-and-mortar but as well as online. And as we evaluate our fleet, we continue to prune and make sure that we have high profitability and productivity thresholds for our stores. And that's a constant evolution. So you will see us make changes to our fleet, but we see opportunities to grow overall in stores. And as we laid out in our Investor Day, we see the opportunity to grow our store fleet. I think we said 100 stores growth over that time period, 50 to 100 stores of growth over that time period. And most of that store growth we see happening in Asia. So in the other markets, you'll see us open some and maybe close on relocate, remodel. But maybe I'll pass it to Scott, he can give you the actual numbers, but that's how we think about strategically think about the fleets and managing it.
Scott Roe: Yes, you had it, Joanne, around 180, I think Christine is telling me 70. So -- but the important thing is we're managing our lease terms effectively. We can turn the entire fleet. We have about a 4-year average term. And underneath that, we're always finding certain areas that are trending down, and we're moving out of those and we're finding new areas that make sense given our insight into the consumer and where they're at and where they want to shop. So there's what I call the normal hygiene that's going on underneath that. But no huge changes in the fleet size is just the growth, which is mostly outside of the U.S. As it relates to gross margin, just a quick comment. We're obviously not going to give any guidance or specifics. But if you think about it, there's there's puts and takes that are always happening. We see leather prices moderating. We continue to see hardware and some of the other componentry having upward pressure, labor is a continued upward pressure. But to me, the most important thing is what Todd said earlier, it's the focus on engagement with the customer, the insights that we have and increases our batting average to make good decisions. We're investing behind the brands. And ultimately, that means pricing power. So why do I have confidence in our gross margin, it's pricing power, the insights that we have. The shape of the business will help us a little bit as we go forward to the recovery of of China and our Asia business is generally higher margin too. So from a mix standpoint, that will benefit us over time.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn it over to Joanne for some concluding remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you for joining us today and for your interest in our story. Today, we reported a strong third quarter and raised our outlook for the full year. This is a testament to our incredible global teams who continue to drive our results. Our performance also reinforces the power of our brands and our globally diversified direct-to-consumer business model. These competitive advantages are clearly differentiated results. We're confident in our strategy and our runway is significant. We remain focused on driving sustainable growth and shareholder returns into the future. Thanks again, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes Tapestry's Earnings Conference Call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-02-09 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to this Tapestry Conference Call. Later, you will have the opportunity to ask questions during the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please note, today’s call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our second quarter results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Rowe, Tapestry’s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website, www.tapestry.com/investors and then view the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with highlights for Tapestry and our brands; Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities and our outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I would now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina and welcome everyone. As noted in our press release, we delivered record second quarter earnings despite the challenging backdrop. During the key holiday season, where brand magic, compelling product and operational excellence are required to win with consumers, we outperformed expectations. This is a direct reflection of our talented teams and the benefits of our globally diversified business model, which continue to fuel innovation and customer engagement across our portfolio. Importantly, we remained disciplined stewards of our brands, which is underscored by gross margin expansion, as well as the ongoing investments we are making to support our long-term growth agenda. Now touching on the strategic and financial highlights of the quarter. First, we powered global growth, delivering low single-digit constant currency revenue gains excluding greater China, which experienced incremental pressure associated with COVID. These results were led by double-digit sales increases in Europe, Japan and other Asia, which together outpaced our expectations. In North America, as expected, we realized the slight decline in revenue, amid a difficult consumer backdrop. We did this while driving higher gross margin, operating margin and profit dollars compared to both prior year and pre-pandemic levels, underscoring our commitment to brand building and operating discipline. In Greater China, sales declined 20% on a constant currency basis. This was below our expectations as we like many others experienced greater than anticipated COVID-related disruption. That said, following the change in the COVID containment policy in China, we experienced a meaningful improvement in traffic trends, driving a positive Lunar New Year performance and a solid start to the third quarter. Second, we continued to build lasting customer relationships. During the quarter, we acquired nearly 2.6 million new customers in North America alone. Importantly, these customers transacted at higher AUR than the balance of our customer base. At the same time, nearly half of these customers were millennial and Gen Z consistent with our strategy to attract younger consumers. We also drove higher average spend across our customer base, which included an increase in units per transaction, reflecting the rising traction of our lifestyle offering and focus on solidifying our brands as gifting destinations during the holiday season. Third, we delivered seamless omni-channel experiences harnessing the power of our direct-to-consumer business model and highlighting our ability to meet consumers where they are shopping. Excluding Greater China, we drove a low single-digit increase in direct-to-consumer sales at constant currency. This was fueled by a mid single-digit growth in brick-and-mortar sales as consumers embraced a return to in-person experiences. We lean into this shift welcoming more customers to our stores around the globe, where we leveraged our expertise and world class field teams to deliver exceptional customer experiences. Given this dynamic, our digital business declined low single digits as anticipated. With that said, digital sales were 3x ahead of fiscal '19 levels, and represented one-third of total revenue, underscoring the continued importance of this channel. Next, we've continued to invest in our platform capabilities. In fact, this marks the first holiday season that all our brands were on our digital enterprise platform, which was designed to enhance engagement and simplify the customer journey. In addition, we leverage new data analytics capabilities to optimize our product allocation processes, such as utilizing artificial intelligence to forecast customer demand, and better position inventory and stores. This led to an increase of inventory availability and help to ensure our product was in the right place at the right time, as we match supply with demand to help deliver superior customer experiences. Before moving on, I want to recognize the incredible work of our teams across the organization. Their ingenuity and partnership drove our results and importantly fueled omni-channel engagement across our brands. Fourth, on a constant currency basis, we drove handbag AUR gains globally and in North America. This reflects a blend of magic and logic, our commitment to driving fashion, innovation and product excellence informed by analytics and consumer research. Together this supported our ability to drive gross margin expansion in the quarter, allowing us to capitalize on lower freight costs and drive the savings to the bottom line. Overall, we generated second quarter earnings well above expectations supported by stronger-than-anticipated margins. On a currency neutral basis, EPS rose 10%, which we accomplished despite headwinds in China, and continued investment in our platform capabilities and our brands. Building on this performance, we are raising our earnings outlook for the fiscal year, demonstrating the power of brand building and customer centricity augmented by an agile operating model and financial discipline. In addition to our financial progress, I'm proud of the work we've done to continue to advance our corporate responsibility strategy, which we're calling the fabric of change. Last month, we published our 10th annual corporate responsibility report, highlighting our progress and launching new and bolder ambitions to support an increasingly equitable and sustainable future for our business and our planet. Now turning to the highlights across each of our brands, starting with Coach. In the second quarter, our revenue outperformed expectations while driving an increase in operating margin to over 31%, despite facing incremental headwinds from Greater China. We advanced our strategic initiatives which fueled our results. First, we remain focused on our core leather goods as we continue to build equity in our most important families, while simultaneously introducing emotional newness into the offering. Our iconic platforms Willow, Tabby and Rogue drove our handbag performance in the quarter. Willow remain the number one handbag family with a timeless aesthetic and compelling functional silhouettes. Rogue was again a top seller with notable strength in North America at premium AUR. The Tabby collection continued to resonate with consumers led by outperformance in the core shoulder bag. We continue to animate this family introducing new colorways and fabrics including Shearling to add depth and excitement. And following its strong launch in the first quarter, Bandit, outperformed expectations and was the key recruitment vehicle with approximately 40% of shoulder bag sales coming from new customers at strong AURs. Based on the consumer demand we've seen, we are further investing behind this collection which is emerging as an iconic family. At the same time, we fueled innovation through trend right launches with a focus on appealing to younger consumers. We relaunched the Demi bag, an icon from our archives, and a blend of organic cotton and recycled polyester. We also continue to lean into the micro and mini handbag trend including our studio baguette and mini Tabby, which resonated with Gen Z consumers. These examples showcase the innovation we're delivering to translate fashion trends into our brand language. Overall, our product assortment fueled a mid-single-digit constant currency gain in handbag AUR, both globally and in North America. Importantly, our brand strength and pricing discipline helped to drive gross margin expansion in the quarter. Second, we focused our marketing investments on brand building activities to create emotional connections with consumers harnessing the brand's unique purpose. Our first Courage to be Real campaign featuring Global Ambassador, Lil Nas X, cut through with consumers with its message of confidence and authenticity. Following the launch last September, the campaign video has approximately 350 million views, and we’ve seen improvements in purchase consideration for Gen Z consumers per YouGov. In addition, we continue to test and learn new ways to engage consumers on digital channels in keeping with our multifaceted marketing strategy designed to increase customer lifetime value. For example, we utilized an array of YouTube shorts to deliver high-impact brand and product stories. As a result of these efforts and our innovative product offering, we acquired nearly 1.5 million new Coach customers in North America alone. Importantly, these customers entered the brand at a higher AUR than the balance. Third, we drove double-digit top line gains in our lifestyle offering at constant currency, an area of long-term opportunity for the brand. In footwear, outsized growth was led by trend-right styles, including the Leah Loafer and the Men's Low Line sneaker as well as boots and booties across genders. In men's, revenue growth was fueled by our core leather goods families, notably the Gotham, League, Charter and Hitch. And in ready-to-wear, we continue to see success in both men's and women's styles featuring iconic branding across outerwear, including puffers with Signature C as well as our cut and so gifting items adorned with Rexy, our brand's favorite mascot. Fourth, we focused on creating omni-channel experiences that resonate with consumers by communicating our brand's purpose of self-expression. We launched an array of in-person experiences, including a one-of-a-kind Coach Mart in Japan inspired by the region's iconic local convenience stores. At the end of December, our collaboration was a beloved White Rabbit candy brand debut in China in anticipation of the Lunar New Year holiday, celebrating the year of the rabbit. We amplified this multi-category collaboration through exciting activations and including an experiential event at the Bund in Shanghai. We are also connecting with new customer segments through immersive online environments and high-impact content to allow Coach's physical world to have greater reach. This included partnerships with digital artists, 3D installations and high-profile physical retail locations and hyper-local mobile games. In closing, we delivered a solid holiday quarter, highlighted by margin expansion despite the challenging backdrop. Our success is rooted in our strategy of bringing expressive luxury to life through a clear understanding of our target consumer and an unwavering commitment to our brand purpose. Coach is truly unique. It's a brand that enables confidence, self-expression and authenticity with products crafted to last. Building on the strong foundation, we are confident in our ability to write the next great chapter of profitable growth for this iconic brand. Now moving to Kate Spade. We delivered second quarter revenue ahead of our expectations. These results were driven by outperformance during peak selling periods, including a record Thanksgiving week and CyberMonday event in North America. Importantly, we continue to invest in and advance the brand strategic priorities, becoming more emotional, more lifestyle and more global to drive lasting customer relationships and deliver balanced and sustainable growth. Touching on the details of the quarter. First, we created emotional connections with consumers through a focus on delivering an innovative and distinct offering. To this point, we reinforce the pillars of our handbag collection, highlighted by the Knott and Katy families, which continue to fuel our performance. And in December, we introduced the Gramercy, which has delivered strong performance and has over-indexed with new customers, underscoring the opportunity to expand the silhouette going forward. In addition, we launched new branding through a chenille monogramming platform on our Manhattan [indiscernible]. Given the success of this style, we're expanding our logo offering with further iterations of the Spade flower across the assortment, which we believe represents an important platform for future growth and innovation. We also amplified our novelty offering, a differentiating element of our assortment and an important vehicle for brand storytelling. Our Zebra collection was particularly successful, while the candy-themed offering was a hit with consumers. At the same time, the [indiscernible] slingback pump, which featured a champagne corkill [ph] was a top-performing style within footwear. Overall, our product initiatives, coupled with our use of data to deepen our understanding of consumer preferences, supported mid-single-digit handbag AUR growth at constant currency both globally and in North America despite more normalized promotional levels. This season, the North America consumer was more value-driven, over-indexing during holiday sale periods, which resulted in promotions that were above the prior year, though below 2 years ago. Importantly, we delivered overall gross margin improvement as we continue to manage the business for the long-term, balancing brand health and inventory management. Second, we remain focused on our strategy of becoming more lifestyle, delivering mid-teens revenue growth in the assortment. Importantly, we continue to see the customers who enter the brand through these categories are our highest value customers demonstrating the importance of lifestyle as a long-term driver of sustainable growth. In ready-to-wear, our collection of festive sweaters and skirts for the holiday season as well as trend-right outerwear pieces helped fuel mid-single-digit sales growth. And in footwear, our evergreen styles, notably boots and booties, led our performance, while jewelry delivered growth with strength across core and fashion pieces. Third, touching on marketing. We expressed the unique world of Kate Spade leaning into the power of brand storytelling and community. Our Have A Ball campaign reinforced Kate Spade's Joy Colors life purpose in a celebratory spirit, highlighting the brand as a gifting destination for the holiday. We synchronized activations to amplify our message across touch points, including global pop-up center around our candy collection, which were successful in attracting new customers. From a digital perspective, we continue to diversify across social platforms, notably TikTok and YouTube where we focused on engaging with a younger consumer. Taken together, our impactful marketing helped to fuel the recruitment of approximately 1 million new customers in North America with these customers continuing to enter the brand at a higher AUR than the balance. Additionally, we saw an overall increase in spend per customer. Importantly, we are engaging with consumers through our social impact effort, which connects our customers to our brand beyond product. Our purpose focuses on women's empowerment and mental health. As such, we have broadened our brand work to reach younger and more diverse audiences, notably through our social impact council. Finally, in keeping with our priority of becoming more global, we remain focused on meeting our target consumer where they shop around the world. To this end, we continue to roll out our new store concept, which began with our Marina Bay Sands Store in Singapore in October. Since then, we have expanded the concept further to Taipei and Chicago where we have seen strong initial reads. In closing, we continue to make important progress in advancing Kate Spade's strategic growth agenda. It is a global lifestyle brand synonymous with optimism and joy, a differentiated positioning with global relevance. As we enter the brand's 30th anniversary year, we have an appreciation for its past and confidence in the future. With an unwavering eye on our consumers and our unique DNA, we will continue to drive innovation while investing in capabilities to support sustainable, profitable growth. Turning to Stuart Weitzman. Revenue declined in the quarter, impacted by the brand's significant exposure to China as well as a decrease in wholesale, reflecting in part a reduction in off-price shipments as we remain focused on tight inventory management and brand elevation. Importantly, in our North America direct business, sales rose mid-single digits. Turning to the details. We made further progress on our strategy to win with heat and improve brand awareness. First, we curated an assortment of high motion product across occasion wear and casual styles. We continue to lead with our iconic styles as we build out the offering to engage with a wider set of consumers. Soho remained atop collection with notable success among younger customers given the family's on-trend lug sole. The Stuart, a new staple in our offering, resonated across age groups, while the iconic land styles acted as a strong recruitment tool. Additionally, we were pleased with the consumer response to our handbag launch. While a small assortment, the top handle style sold at an AUR of over $700 with engagement from both new and existing clients. Second, we focused on brand building in the wholesale channel, notably in international markets. We created high-impact activations across key accounts globally from London to Dubai. And after a successful pop-up at La Rinascente [ph] in Milan, we are now moving into a permanent space on the designer floor there in mid-February. Third, we fueled bread heat by delivering impactful marketing campaigns, amplifying our brand purpose to celebrate women who stand strong. The debut of Kim Kardashian as our global ambassador helped to drive an improvement in customer trends driving growth in new customers, including outsized gains with millennials. Looking to the balance of the year, we are innovating on our approach to connect with consumers and increase awareness. In February, we're set to launch our Kids Super collaboration, followed by a styling series utilizing influencer marketing to highlight our spring collection. Overall, we are progressing against our strategies to build brand awareness and offer products that spark desire. We are continuing to navigate the significant profit headwinds the brand is facing from pressures in the highly penetrated Greater China region, though remain focused on delivering a profitable fiscal year. In closing, our foundation is strong and our runway is significant. We are staying agile and disciplined in a volatile environment to successfully navigate current headwinds and at the same time, drive forward our long-term growth agenda. Importantly, we are well-positioned in attractive, durable categories, amplified by our digitally enabled direct-to-consumer platform, which powers our iconic brands to move at the speed of the consumer. We are confident that our competitive advantages and strategy will continue to drive sustainable growth and value for all our stakeholders. With that, I will turn it over to Scott, who will discuss our financial results, capital priorities and fiscal '23 outlook. Scott?
Scott Rowe: Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. As Joanne mentioned, we delivered solid results in the face of a volatile backdrop as we focused on the factors within our control. We achieved revenue of over $2 billion, while realizing the operating margin ahead of expectations and grew earnings per share 10% against last year, excluding $0.11 of currency pressure. At the same time, we returned $272 million to shareholders, demonstrating our commitment to enhancing long-term value. Turning to the details of the quarter, I'll start with revenue, which will be shared on a constant currency basis, unless otherwise noted. Sales declined 2%, which included pressure in Greater China as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Excluding Greater China, revenue increased 1%, led by outperformance in the balance of our international regions. In Japan, revenue increased 10%, while Other Asia grew 29%, driven by strength across Singapore, Malaysia, Australia, New Zealand and Korea. These trends were again led by traction with local customers. At the same time, sales to tourists improved versus the prior year that remained well below pre-pandemic levels, highlighting future opportunity. In Europe, sales were 20% above last year, fueled by higher international tourist traffic, notably from the Middle East and within Europe as well as continued growth with local customers. For Greater China, sales declined 20%, which was below our forecast due to incremental pressure associated with COVID impacting both stores and online. As Joanne mentioned, following the lifting of certain government restrictions in December, we've seen a meaningful improvement in traffic Q3 to date, notably during the Lunar New Year holiday. Therefore, as we approach guidance, we maintained the expectation for a strong sequential improvement in the second half of the year, albeit from a lower second quarter base. Overall, we still expect strong double-digit growth in the second half to fuel an increase for the fiscal year at constant currency. Turning to North America. Sales declined by 2% for both the total region and our direct business, in line with our guidance for a low single-digit decline. Importantly, we delivered North America operating income ahead of forecast and realized handbag AUR growth at both Coach and Kate Spade, underscoring our focus on brand health. By channel, our direct business declined 2%. That said, excluding Greater China, direct revenue grew low single digits, which included a mid-single-digit increase in stores fueled by continued traffic improvements and a low-single-digit decline in digital. And in wholesale revenue was 3% below the prior year. Moving down the P&L, we delivered gross margin ahead of our projection and 50 basis points ahead of prior year. This year-over-year expansion included approximately 130 basis points of favorable freight offset by 100basis points of FX headwinds and the negative impact from lower penetration of high-margin China business. Therefore, excluding these impacts, gross margin was still ahead of prior year, driven by operational outperformance. SG&A declined 1% and was slightly favorable to our prior outlook. In the quarter, we continued to prioritize high return initiatives, including platform investments and brand building activities underscored by mid-single-digit growth in our marketing spend. So taken together, operating margin and operating income were ahead of forecast. EPS grew 2% compared to the prior year or 10% on a currency-neutral basis and was favorable to forecast due to operational outperformance as well as a $0.03 tailwind from a more moderate year-over-year FX impact. Now turning to the balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter with $846 million in cash and investments and total borrowings of $1.67 billion. There were no borrowings outstanding under our $1.25 billion revolver. Free cash flow for the quarter was an inflow of $552 million, including CapEx and implementation costs related to cloud computing of $102 million. As anticipated, inventory at quarter end was 30% above prior year. We are pleased with our sequential progression in the quarter and the quantity and quality of our current inventory. We continue to expect to end fiscal year '23 with inventory up single digits compared to the prior year. Moving now to our capital allocation priorities. We continue to plan for approximately $1 billion in shareholder returns in fiscal 2023, which includes share repurchases of $700 million including $300 million bought back in the first half, including $200 million in the second quarter as planned and dividend payments totaling approximately $300 million. This is based on an annual dividend rate of $1.20 per share, which represents a 20% increase over the prior year. Our priorities remain unchanged. First, we are investing in the business to drive long-term profitable growth; and second, we are returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In the future, we believe our platform is scalable and would evaluate M&A that is accretive to our organic TSR plan. Now moving to our guidance for fiscal 2023. We've raised our earnings expectation, incorporating three key changes versus the prior outlook. First, our outlook now reflects the second quarter's operational outperformance of approximately $0.08. Second, we are including a more moderate headwind from currency, which provides a $0.10 benefit versus our previous guidance. And third, as previously noted, we've incorporated the expectation of more modest growth in Greater China for the fiscal year based on the incremental pressure we experienced in the second quarter. We've rebased our second half outlook given the lower Q2 results, which equates to roughly $0.10 of negative impact versus our prior guidance. Overall, our ability to increase our earnings outlook despite a volatile external environment, highlights the resilience and agility of Tapestry's operating model. So let's run through the details of our outlook, which replaces all previous guidance. For the fiscal year, we expect constant currency revenue growth of 2% to 3%. On a reported basis, we anticipate sales to be approximately $6.6 billion, which represents a slight decline compared to the prior year, including roughly 300 basis points of FX headwinds. Touching on sales details by region at constant currency. In North America, our guidance continues to contemplate a low single-digit decline in the second half of the year, consistent with year-to-date trends. In Greater China, as previously mentioned, we expect a slight increase in the fiscal year. In Japan, we now expect mid-teens growth, while Other Asia is forecasted to grow approximately 35% reflecting strength in the second quarter and the continuation of these trends into the second half. In Europe, we continue to anticipate low double-digit gains. In addition, our outlook includes a year-over-year operating margin decline of over 70 basis points, which contemplates FX pressure of approximately 115 basis points. We expect the majority of this FX headwind to flow through the gross margin line. We anticipate gross margin slightly ahead of the prior year, largely reflecting favorable freight costs relative to prior expectations. Compared to fiscal '22, gross margin incorporates the benefit of moderating freight costs of 130 basis points as well as AUR growth, which is being partially offset by the previously anticipated rising input costs for materials as well as the negative impact of FX, as mentioned. On SG&A, we continue to anticipate deleverage for the year, reflecting growth-driving initiatives, including increased marketing expenses to fuel long-term customer value, investments in digital and the planned 2023opening of our new fulfillment center in Las Vegas partially offset by proactive actions we've taken to reduce our expense base. Moving to below the line items, which are consistent with our prior guidance, net interest expense for the year is anticipated to be approximately $30 million to $35 million a significant decline versus fiscal '22, reflecting the benefit of our cross-currency swap agreements. Tax rate is expected to be approximately 20%. This represents an increase against last year, primarily due to the anticipated geographic mix of earnings. Weighted average diluted share count is expected to be in the area of 242 million shares. This reflects approximately $700 million in share repurchases expected in the fiscal year as noted. Taken together, we project EPS of $3.70 to $3.75 representing high single-digit growth compared to the prior year, which includes a year-over-year currency headwind of approximately $0.40. Finally, we now expect CapEx and cloud computing costs to be in the area of $300 million. This decrease from the prior outlook is due to the timing of store openings and renovations in Asia, mainly in China, some of which have been deferred to fiscal year '24. Given the shift, we now expect approximately one-third of this spend to be related to openings and renovations with the balance dedicated to our ongoing digital and IT initiatives, including investment related to our new fulfillment center in Las Vegas. As previously outlined, given the volatile environment and last year's atypical comparisons, we continue to expect significant variability by quarter. Specifically, we project revenue and earnings growth to be back half weighted, helped by the planned return to growth in Greater China and lower freight costs on a year-over-year basis, providing a tailwind to margin. Drilling down in the third quarter, we expect revenue to increase 3% to 5% in constant currency, which includes gains in Greater China. On a reported basis, we anticipate sales to be up slightly, including a negative impact of approximately 350 basis points from FX. We expect EPS to approach $0.60, representing a strong year-over-year increase despite a currency headwind of approximately $0.10 versus the prior year. So in closing, we delivered record second quarter earnings, outperforming expectations and are raising our earnings outlook for the year despite a volatile backdrop. In addition, we remain on track to return $1 billion to shareholders in fiscal '23, underscoring the strength of our balance sheet and significant cash flow generation. Importantly, our performance reinforces our competitive advantages and validates our strategy. As we look forward, we remain focused on delivering against our long-term priorities to drive sustainable growth and shareholder returns. I'd now like to open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Bob Drbul: Hi. Good morning and congratulations on a solid quarter and a really tough environment. Joanne, what trends are you seeing in China, if you could maybe just talk about more recent trends and how things have developed? And Scott, can you unpack exactly how you're approaching this with some more numbers in your guidance around China? Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, thank you, and good morning, Bob. We certainly have seen a meaningful trend change in Greater China from the second quarter to the third quarter. We had an encouraging start with a solid Lunar New Year driven by sequential improvement in traffic trends in the market. And quarter-to-date, our business is trending roughly in line with last year, and our guidance, which Scott will cover in more detail in a minute at a high-level, assumes light growth in the market for the quarter and a recovery in China through the balance of the year. And we are seeing some green shoots with respect to domestic travel, including in Macau and in Hainan, which are important destinations. However, international travel is still down, and we see that as further opportunity going forward. Overall, seeing very encouraging signs of recovery in the short-term. And we are confident in the long-term opportunities for China as a growth vehicle for our brands and the category at large as we move forward. But Scott, turn it to you for unpacking our guidance assumptions.
Scott Rowe: Yes. Sure, Joanne, and good morning, Bob. If you look at the impact that China had on our outlook for the year, our projections, it's about $65 million. And just unpacking that in the second quarter, we had an expectation of being down about 10%. In reality, we were down about 20% based on the more extensive COVID-related impacts that we mentioned in the prepared remarks, that's worth about $20 million. And as you look at then taking the recovery curve that we had previously projected and rebase lining it off of that lower Q2 starting point, we then expect to continue to see meaningful improvement throughout the balance of the year, returning to growth in Q3 and up about 20% or more than 20% actually in the fourth quarter is where the comps get a little easier versus COVID a year ago. And that's where it's a little more than $40 million in the second half or about $0.10 in terms of earnings. And we are really encouraged just to build on what Joanne said and the start that we've had. Lunar New Year started off strong for us, and we are tracking well against that progression. And I would also just say, let's not lose the bigger picture here because while we have reflected what we see in China, and that has had a slight kind of negative impact. The business remains strong throughout all geographies, and I think this is a real testament to the resiliency and diversity of our model as even with these dynamic demand and revenue impacts that we continue to see, we are managing the business for the long-term, you see our gross margins being strong, inventory is in great position, and we were able to raise our earnings even with these dynamic impacts that we've seen in China. So I feel really good about the future there.
Bob Drbul: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, good morning. Scott or Joanne, not sure who this is for, but two things quickly. First, on pricing, so AUR is up mid-single-digits again this quarter. Just -- anything you're seeing on pricing, any resistance that you've seen at all in the back half, are you assuming AUR continues to increase? And then just real quick, I know it's a smaller part of your business, about 10% on the wholesale channel. Can you just kind of comment POS trends you saw heading into holiday, what you're seeing quarter date. Any big changes there? I know there's been some stuff going on with some of your competitors. Just curious, again, knowing it's smaller. Just curious what you guys have been seeing with your brands. Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. I will pick that up, Ike. As it relates to AUR, we did drive mid-single-digit AUR increases in the handbag category this quarter, both globally and in North America. And I think that's a testament to our focus on brand building and staying close to our consumer and the balance we have of delivering magic and logic. We've gotten behind our most important product categories, our icons -- our iconic product. We are delivering compelling creative innovation into the marketplace. And we see the customer responding. And we will continue to manage stay close to the customer and manage the business in a healthy way as we move forward. As it relates to overall handbag pricing, we do see opportunity to continue to grow AUR into the future across our brands. I will let Todd comment on that in a minute. Actually, maybe, Todd, you can touch on both subjects, …
Todd Kahn: Sure.
Joanne Crevoiserat: … but as it relates to your question on wholesale, Ike, to your point, we are 90% direct-to-consumer. And we control our destiny with our direct -- we love this relationship that we have with our customer. It allows us to stay close to move very fast with the customer as we see the customer moving. And it gives us a lot of data that we can then leverage to improve our execution and what we -- and how we go to market. Overall, our wholesale business was down low single digits for the quarter. So while there was some pressure, it was manageable and again, a very small part of our business overall, but Todd, I will pass it to you.
Todd Kahn: Great. Thank you, Joanne. Just let me do the wholesale first. Just to reground us for Coach, obviously, our largest brand, North America wholesale represents less than 4% of our business. So it's an important business. We value our relationships with our wholesale partners, but it doesn't drive our business. And as Joanne said, we've migrated to really of being a direct-to-consumer business, understanding our customers in a much more profound and deeper way and love that relationship and the long-term value we can create. Regarding handbags, we were very happy with the mid-single-digit constant currency handbag growth we saw globally and in North America, which is an important point. And one of the things we always focus on is emotion trumps price. And we have offered incredibly emotional product for our consumers. One of the great examples I can give you is, right now, we’ve a heart-shaped leather bag in outlet. It can I think hold a big iPhone, but I'm not 100% certain of that. We sell that for around $199 and I think I'm on fumes right now in terms of inventory. Compare that to our City Tote, which is a phenomenal high-functioning tote, which average AUR of 150. So this idea that we can, as long as we create emotional product that resonates with the consumer, the example I gave you in particularly over indexes with the younger consumer. So we are really excited by that. We will continue to allow us to grow our AURs and not just in handbag and not just in small leather goods, but we see lots of opportunity in men, lifestyle and footwear.
Ike Boruchow: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to get your insight on the promotional environment. You called out a more promotional -- some more promotional selling at Kate. What are you seeing at the Coach brand? And what is your outlook for both brands in the second half and beyond?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, maybe I will kick it off and then again, have Todd weigh in on the Coach brand. What I will say is, as we think about the environment that we saw in Q2, particularly this is really a North America focused comment, definitely seeing a more cautious consumer through Q2. We delivered a slight revenue decline which was a continuation of our first quarter trends and the macro environment is challenging. And this holiday, we saw what I would call a more normalized promotional environment versus a year ago when we were -- and many were supply constrained. This holiday, we delivered record Thanksgiving week and Cyber Monday sales results, which I think shows that consumers were value-driven and they were more selective in their spending outside of those peak periods. So it was a reversion to what I would call more normalized traffic patterns in the environment in North America. But even in that context, we just talked about it, we drove higher handbag AUR in North America, which is a testament to the product innovation and the data driven business model that we are applying and we've been disciplined in our approach to managing our brands and our business for the long-term that allowed us to deliver higher gross margin, operating margin and profit dollars versus last year in North America despite the softer demand environment and the external pressures we are seeing. So we are continuing to take a prudent approach to running and forecasting the business with an eye on continuing to build our brands for the long-term. And I will pass it to Todd on Coach.
Todd Kahn: Thanks, Joanne. It is a promotional environment. We know that particularly in the holiday quarter, it always has been. What separated us, I think, is the journey we've been under for the last couple of years in focusing on our icons, reducing the tail of our products that drive markdown expectations and liability and leaning in on expressive luxury and leaning in on purpose and leaning in on values. And that is evidenced by our gross margin. So we didn't have the pressure that we had to deal with, and I feel very good that that's going to continue. Again, it goes back to this idea that we can separate ourselves when we focus on our customer, focus on our product, create a storytelling around the product that really is compelling. And ultimately, being 90% direct-to-consumer, we have a greater opportunity to control our own destiny.
Operator: Our next question is from Matthew Boss of JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks and congrats on another nice quarter. So maybe a two-part question. So, Joanne, could you speak to maybe the cadence of top line as the second quarter progressed. How best to think about trends you're seeing notably in North America at the Coach brand maybe post holiday? And then, Scott, as we think about gross margin, is there a way to break down the driver of the 50 basis points gross margin upside in the second quarter? And then if you could just quantify or maybe even directionally help walk through some of the key puts and takes for gross margin in the second half outlook, I think that would be really helpful.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Well, I will take the first part of the question, and it's an interesting question. The cadence of the quarter, I would say, if we're talking about North America specifically, and we could talk about globally, but North America specifically, the cadence of the quarter was more normalized. I think a year ago, we all saw a pull forward in demand as many, and we were supply constrained. And as I just mentioned, this year, this holiday, we saw a more normalized cadence where customers were shopping during the peak periods. Importantly, we were welcoming so many more customers back into our stores, which was fabulous. And obviously, we are well-positioned with a great team to take advantage of those changes and trends. Obviously, the conditions in China played out much differently than we expected and impacted the cadence of the business on a more global scale with softness in December when they were reopening and the changes in the COVID containment policy and COVID infections impacted that market. So a lot of different changes, some we anticipated, some we didn't. But our teams really moved with agility to deliver for our customers and manage the business in a really healthy way. Even in the face of the shifts, we were delivering higher AUR in our handbag category, we saw the resilience continue to see the durability of that category with our consumers and we delivered higher gross margin and exceeded our expectations for profitability as well. Scott?
Scott Rowe: Yes. Just taking it from there, Matt, the second quarter being really was what we would call operationally related. So it was the combination of price increases versus a discount. So as we said, discounts may be a little elevated versus the strange year last year when we were under unit constraints and supply issues. This is, as Todd and Joanne said, more normalized, and we are operating with discipline, and we said we would even -- we are not going to chase the last revenue dollar just to drive top line. We are really focused on the long-term health of the business, and Todd said, focus on a motion versus just price. And you see that reflected in the second quarter. And as we turn to the full year, I think we outlined it in the prepared remarks, but freight has gotten a bit better for us, FX as well and some of the operational impacts. So we took our gross margin guidance up slightly in the second half. And as you see that, it's about 130 basis points benefit now for the full year. And remember, that's for freight. And remember, in the first quarter, that freight was negative. So the 130 reflects the negative in the first half and some of the benefits we are seeing in the second half. So that benefit continues to grow as we move through the second half and what should be a tailwind as we go into next year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will move next to Michael Binetti of Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Congrats on a great quarter. I want to just ask you -- when you think about -- what do you think are the most important things for your teams to focus on to get North America back to positive growth here? I'm sure that's the discussion you're having. On AUR, you mentioned smaller handbags. You've heard a little bit about that. I wonder if that trend continues, that become a pressure on continuing to report the nice positive AURs we had. But more importantly, last quarter you lowered revenues a bit and you held the EBIT margin nicely. Now you're raising, but there's a lot of moving parts. As you look at the second half plan, Scott, I guess, two things. Where do you see opportunities for upside? And if you're able to tap those numbers, do you think you need to bring some of those costs back that you may have removed earlier to stabilize EBIT for us? Or maybe just help us think about flow-through.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Let me kick us off with how we're thinking about driving growth into the future, particularly in North America, but also globally. I think as we leverage our direct-to-consumer model and our platform, one of the things that we're really focused on is making sure that we drive growth with our customer file, both an acquisition as well as average spend per customer, which you saw in the second quarter, a continuation of that trend. So leveraging that direct relationship that we have with our customer and staying close to that customer and driving more. So that means that we have to show up where they are. We have to be investing in marketing, taking advantage. So that's first, deepening our relationships with our customers. Second is delivering compelling product and innovation. And we're focused on that and doing that every day. And maybe Todd can talk about some of the great innovation that's happening at Coach, and delivering compelling omni-channel experiences. So this was a quarter where we saw customers come back into our stores. And we have the advantage of having two very profitable channels to meet our customers where they are. And that customer is increasingly omni-channel, shopping across both channels. So those are the real keys to -- and I should say that omni-channel customer is spending more with us. They're our highest lifetime value customers. So leaning into our customer relationships, our product and product innovation, including our lifestyle categories for growth and meeting them where they are in an omni-channel basis. And all of those things you can see came to bear in the second quarter. And as we continue to further our strategic agenda going forward, we think that will drive our growth. But maybe toss it to Todd to talk about Coach.
Todd Kahn: Thanks, Joanne. A couple of things to reinforce. First, we did add 1.5 million new customers that Coach this last quarter in North America at average higher AURs. So we are -- the expectation of the AUR and where they enter the brand is different than in years past. Second, as I said before, emotion always comes price. So when we think about bag size, the correlation between -- yes, if you have a very large bag, typically you have a higher AUR. But some of our highest AUR bags, as I indicated, with the heart bag in outlet. But if you take Bandit, if you take Tabby, if you take some of these beautiful bags these families that are iconic that we add texture and different materials, we command higher AURs, whether it's Shearling or Pillow tabu [ph] or other opportunities to take a family, create an icon and expand on it and grow our AUR. So again, I am not as concerned by whether we sell large bags or small bags, I'm concerned about bringing in a customer, creating a connectivity and making sure we have them and that they believe that the Coach brand represents their values, and that will create a sustainable, profitable growth for us in the future.
Scott Rowe: Yes. And, Michael, I guess, adding on to what may be our longest question of the morning, you asked me what inflection points you catalyst could be for upside in the second half. And I'd just point you back to -- or remind you how we've approached from initial guidance all the way through now halfway through the year, is we are taking the trends that we see, and we are projecting them forward, right? So whether it's North America down low-single-digits, it's -- I think, now have spend a lot of time on what our assumptions are in China. From a top line standpoint, obviously, that could be better. Could China get open up and come back faster, it could. Could it be slower? It could. I think we've got reasonable estimates, same with North America, right? Our business has been very consistent. We haven't predicted a big up or down. And so as that dynamic continues to evolve, we know our brands are strong. We are running for the long-term, and we are going to adapt to whatever demand environment we see. We are not trying to force it or push it, and we are maintaining those strong gross margins. So any upside we do see, will come through on the bottom line. On the other side, investments are largely in our control. And I hope you've seen that we've been disciplined at trying to both be prudent in light of a very dynamic environment, while at the same time, maintaining investments on what we think are going to drive us in the long-term, whether it's a little more than 8% from a marketing standpoint, even a little higher than that in the second quarter. And continuing to invest in our capabilities around digital, data analytics, et cetera. Those are obviously within our control, but we think this quarter is a great testament to the fact that those are paying off. So we will continue to be prudent, managing our expenses as carefully as we can while not sacrificing the long-term. And as Todd and Joanne said, one of the biggest things that gives me confidence in the future is that gross margin as we continue to manage the price increases and being diligent on the discounting. We see those gross margins coming in and we see that for the quarter, and we see that for the full year.
Michael Binetti: Thanks a lot. Got it. Appreciate it.
Scott Rowe: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Brooke Roach of Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Good morning and thank you so much for taking our question. A lot of ground covered, but my question today is for Scott. Can you comment on your inventory position by brand and geography given the slower rate of recovery in China? As you think about the cadencing of inventory rebalancing, where do you expect that to trend for the remainder of the calendar year? Thank you.
Scott Rowe: Yes, Brooke, I would love to answer that question. I would say the big picture here is no new news, right? We've talked about the quality and the quantity of inventory being well-positioned and coming into our peak holiday season, we felt good about it. And the answer is, we still do. We are up about 30%. We said by the end of the year, we'd be up single digits. If you can expect sequential improvement as you move through the third, and I told you where we expect to end for the fourth quarter. And it's funny, on China, a quarter ago, we were talking about do we have too much inventory in China and now is at reopen do we have enough inventory in China. Again, I would say this points to the diversity of our -- and flexibility of our model. We've got bonded ware houses. We're able to, within some degree, reposition inventory. We've got inventory in China. We feel good about the quality of that inventory. And as that starts to reopen, we think we are really well-positioned there as return to growth in the second half in China.
Brooke Roach: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen of Cowen.
Oliver Chen: Hi, thank you. Great quarter. With CDP, the customer data platform has been pretty impressive. How does that intersect with pricing? And also it's been very positive that the new customer that you're seeing are coming in higher AURs? What are some of the factors underpinning that? And then on the future of the platform, less is more and thinking about Bandit versus Willow, Tabby and Rogue. What's the head for platform development and SKUs as you continue to rationalize and do more with less than decomplicate the product matrix. Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Oliver. The consumer and the consumer data that we have are -- have been a real meaningful driver. In terms of our understanding of our consumer and where they are and their expectations for our brands, we're leveraging that data in a number of different ways. We are leveraging it through the full value chain from product creation as we understand and do market mapping and understand what our consumers are looking for from our brand as well as from our product, including the younger consumer and we are leveraging it as we think about how we market and which products resonate with which consumer bases. We have, importantly, a technology infrastructure that allows us to harness this data and really embed it into the decision making that's happening day-to-day. And as we see those, it does show us opportunities to drive higher lifetime value. We understand how customers are coming into our brands, what they're likely to purchase next in terms of driving frequency and how we engage them more fully in our brand and not just in one product at one price. And I think you've seen that through the second quarter. That is, again, a huge advantage of our direct-to-consumer platform. We are continuing to build on the platform, and we are applying new technology every day. And having a modern technology infrastructure allows us to move very quickly to apply new technology, to allow us to utilize that data even better. And I think our results show it. It's new customer acquisition, but you also see it in increased spend per customer as we lean into the learnings from that and our teams leverage it throughout the business. And Todd, I don't know if you want to take the SKU -- SKU question on Coach.
Todd Kahn: Yes. Overall, again, it's so amazing what we are able to see and do with the platform we have with Tapestry and how rich the data is. And we are really understanding how best to animate the individual icon. So we are testing ideas earlier. Our merchants, our creative teams, we're bringing in our timeless Gen Z customer to influence some of that very early. So a great example is Tabby and Shearling in the quarter did exceptionally well. And when I walked through the showroom looking at fall next year, we took some of that learning and how to amplify it. We also recognize that this idea of time placed and occasion matters. So how we focus on each time place and occasion, one of the opportunities we identified in outlet was to have a compelling backpack. And again, that you'll see the icon being launched in the fall, which will be incredible. I'm actually been wear-testing it. I love it. So, we see these opportunities. I know Joanne is going to say I'm not the timeless Gen Z customer, but internally, I am. But we really look at that, and the data is informing and it doesn't just inform on the hind-sighting, it informs upfront. So as we get better, as we understand it, it informs our pricing. It informs our promotions. It informs our placement. It really informs everything we do. So I'm very excited by the platform. I'm very excited by the opportunity to continue to animate existing icons without constantly trying to create new icons every year, which would have been the historic norm.
Oliver Chen: Thanks, Todd. You’re timeless and congrats on [indiscernible].
Todd Kahn: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. So I guess along the same line as is what you were just discussing there, Coach North America, in line with your expectations, driving new customers, higher AUR. Kate, you did mention that, that customer appeared to be a bit more price sensitive. Why do you think Kate is showing more -- the Kate customer is showing more price sensitivity versus Coach? Is this a function of a younger consumer on average? Are there data and analytics capabilities that you're leveraging at Coach today that you're not at Kate, so you can potentially close that gap over time? Just curious of any insights there and how it might impact durability of growth in Coach versus Kate? Should the macro backdrop moderate as the year unfolds? And then just a real quick one for Scott, inventory tracking in line with your plans. With the bigger picture, can the business achieve inventory turns at levels that you saw pre-COVID? And how would we think about the time line and opportunity there? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Mark. We feel great about Kate and the progress that we are making. And I think some of the points that you made in terms of who the customer is. We acquired 1 million new customers at Kate over the quarter. We drove handbag AUR growth in the quarter. The environment was, I would say, more normalized from a promotional standpoint. And while the promotions were higher than last year. Last year, the Kate business was extremely supply constrained. So I would say that would be an anomalous year. The promotional levels were still lower than 2 years ago at Kate Spade. And we are applying the same tools across our platform between Coach and Kate. But one of the key differences is Coaches icon strategy has deep history and heritage. And at Kate, we've been building out our core handbag platform with success, but we are still in building mode at Kate. Again, we called out really encouraging signs. We talk about the core platform, the Knott and the Katy as we've been developing a more solid core foundation there. Those continue to perform. We introduced a new leather program, Gramercy that's off to a great start. Additionally, Kate has, in its history, never really had a signature platform, and we've really been leaning into the spade flower. We talked about Monogram platform that we had. And again, that's another platform that we can continue to leverage at Kate to continue to build resilience into the model and durability into the model at Kate in addition to the novelty, et cetera, that is such an important part of the Kate DNA. So the teams are making progress at Kate Spade and building on the foundation. We have a very passionate customer base at Kate Spade. And we are expanding that customer base. We are seeing higher spend per customer. We're leveraging the full complement of lifestyle categories. We saw mid-teens growth in lifestyle categories at Kate, which we think is an important driver of long-term customer value as we go forward. So we feel good about the progress at Kate and we are investing in the future because we are confident in the future runway ahead.
Scott Rowe: Yes, Mark, just to address your question on churn. The short answer is, yes, we think as we work through the very unusual dynamics that we've seen at play this year with elongated lead times by an early disruptions in supply demand stuff, all the things that we've been talking about now over the last number of quarters, We are targeting, and we would expect a return to pre-COVID churn levels as we move into the next year. I don't know exactly when we hit those levels, but that's certainly in our line of sight, and that's certainly our intent. And I can tell you internally, we are focusing on that just about every time we get together from Todd from Joanne from myself. So that's our expectation, and that's what we're driving to.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd be happy to return it -- the call over to Joanne for some concluding remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you, and thank you for joining us and for your interest in our story. Today, we delivered record holiday earnings, outperforming our expectations and positioning us to raise our outlook for the fiscal year. A huge thank you to our talented team around the world who continue to drive our results. Importantly, our performance highlights Tapestry's competitive advantages, the power of our iconic brands and strong consumer engagement platform as well as our globally diversified direct-to-consumer business model. We have a clear strategy to drive significant long-term sustainable growth across our portfolio, and we're confident in the runway ahead. Thanks again, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes Tapestry's earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-11-10 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to this Tapestry conference call. Today’s call is being recorded today, Thursday, November 10, 2022. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our first quarter results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Rowe, Tapestry’s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website, www.tapestry.com/investors and then view the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with highlights for Tapestry and our brands; Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities and our outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After the Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I’d now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina and welcome everyone. Our first quarter earnings were ahead of expectations despite the more challenging backdrop, demonstrating the strength of our brands, the agility of our operating model and the consistent execution of our passionate global team. Importantly, this performance also underscores our competitive advantages and Tapestry’s successful transformation into a consumer-centric and data-driven organization, which has enabled us to successfully navigate the uncertain environment. To this point, as we outlined at our Investor Day in September, our strategic agenda future speed is designed to drive strong, sustainable growth by powering our iconic brands to move at the speed of the consumer in an ever-changing world. It requires resiliency, continuous innovation and adaptability to pivot and evolve to effectively build our brands and foster enduring customer relationships. During the quarter, we did just that. Although the landscape continued to shift at a rapid pace, we were nimble and responsive to change, remaining on track to deliver our fiscal year earnings target, excluding the impact of currency, while intentionally advancing our long-term initiatives. Now turning to the financial and strategic highlights of the quarter, first, we powered global growth, delivering record first quarter revenue. These results were led by double-digit constant currency growth in international markets, which we achieved despite COVID-related headwinds in China with pressure fully offset by outsized gains in the rest of Asia and Europe. In North America, sales grew slightly amid an increasingly difficult consumer backdrop. Overall, we achieved our top line expectations, highlighting the benefits of our globally diversified brands and business. Second, we delivered compelling omnichannel experiences to drive another quarter of growth in our direct-to-consumer businesses. Our global stores led the growth driven by significant traffic increases as consumers continue to embrace the return of in-person experiences. We leaned into this trend, supported by our world class field organization and a fleet that is proven and highly profitable. Against this backdrop, our digital business declined versus the strong gains from a year ago though remained over 3x ahead of fiscal year ‘19 pre-pandemic levels. We continue to believe e-commerce represents a significant growth driver for our company long-term as we leverage our established capabilities to connect with consumers across their purchase journey. Moving forward, our goal is to continue to offer our customers seamless, consistent and unparalleled brand experiences wherever they choose to engage with us. Third, on a constant currency basis, we drove AUR increases in each brand’s core category globally and in North America, supported by fashion innovation and product excellence. In addition, we continue to use data and analytics to enhance our go-to-market strategies, including assortment planning and pricing optimization, enabled by a deeper understanding of the preferences and drivers of customer purchases. Fourth, we continue to build lasting customer relationships with more active customers shopping our brands in the quarter in North America. At the same time, we drove higher average spend among our customer base fueled by increases across units per customer, transactions per customer and purchase frequency. This was a direct result of our marketing efforts focused on improving productivity of our existing customer base. Importantly, our customers in North America were increasingly omni, purchasing in both stores and online. This increased engagement is key as our omnichannel customers spend over 2.5x more than customers who shop with us in a single channel. In addition, we continue to acquire new customers across the portfolio with approximately 1.4 million new customers transacting with us in North America this quarter. Taken together, we generated first quarter earnings above our expectations. On a currency-neutral basis, EPS rose 8%, which we accomplished even as we invested in platform capabilities and in our brands, notably with higher marketing. Overall, we continue to see significant runway ahead and are on track to deliver our 2025 strategic and financial goals as we remain focused on moving at the speed of the consumer to drive sustainable growth across our brands for years to come. Now, turning to highlights across each of our brands, starting with Coach. In the first quarter, we advanced our strategic initiatives, which fueled top line gains of 4% on a constant currency basis. First, we drove growth in our core leather goods offering with a focus on continuing to build equity in key families. Our icons again outperformed as we reinforced these pillars of the assortment through new and exciting platforms to create emotional connections with consumers. Our Willow family continued to resonate with customers and was the number one family in the quarter. In Tabby, we debuted a seasonal refresh consisting of jewel tone leathers as well as a new version of our Signature C. Importantly we continue to see new introductions reinforce customer demand for the core Tabby style, which remained a top seller globally. And we expanded our Rogue family, which originally debuted in 2016 through a broader, well-balanced timeless offering. In addition, as a unique take on the style, we launched a limited edition Coachies collection, which features the brand’s heritage details to create playful characters out of the handbags. The novelty collection was extremely successful, underpinned by an AUR of nearly $800 well above our average. During the quarter, we also introduced the new and elevated Bandit family, which outperformed expectations globally at higher-than-average AUR. Importantly, the Bandit crossbody has proven to be a successful recruitment vehicle, specifically with Gen Z customers. The brand’s compelling and innovative product assortment fueled a mid single-digit constant currency increase in global handbag AUR, including an increase in North America as anticipated. Second, we focused our marketing investments on brand building activities to drive connections with consumers, leveraging the brand’s purpose. At New York Fashion Week, we are excited to announce Lil Nas X as one of our new global brand ambassadors. Our Courage To Be Real campaign, which launched in early October, has resonated with our core customer base and attracted new younger cohorts. The campaign has generated high engagement rates, highlighted by user-generated video content with consumers sharing their own courage to be real stories, igniting a conversation around self-expression across social platforms. Third, we drove another quarter of outsized growth in our lifestyle offering, an area of significant opportunity as we know customers that transact across multiple categories have higher lifetime value. In footwear, strong revenue gains were fueled by our new styles, including the Leah loafer and the Lucy sandal, as well as continued momentum in the men’s low line sneaker. These options have been successful with both our core customer and younger consumers. In ready-to-wear, our cut and sew assortment featuring our signature C, Rexy and Horse & Carriage continued to resonate with consumers, highlighting the importance and resonance of Coach’s iconic brand codes. In men’s, our core leather goods families, including Gotham, League, Charter and Hitch continued to drive our results with success in backpack and messenger silhouettes, while the traction in our field tote offering showcases the potential of our all gender assortment. Fourth, we focused on enhancing omnichannel experiences to drive engagement and brand heat, showcasing expressive luxury. We delivered gains in our store business and leaned into experiential brand building through immersive pop-ups across the globe. We debuted our Mint & Surf collaboration through a 360-degree campaign, anchored by a disruptive space in Lower Manhattan aimed at attracting a new and younger audience through partnerships with influencers and interactive programs. And in Korea, we created a localized pop-up to celebrate Coach’s legacy through the lens of a quintessential American neighborhood, featuring an interactive post office, coffee shop and bakery. Additionally, we were excited to launch our first-ever virtual store just last week to kickoff the holiday season, a nod to our focus on the omnichannel experience and our test-and-learn agenda. The store was inspired by a nostalgic gift shop and allows guests to move through themed rooms to shop the holiday collection. Looking ahead, we are continuing to prioritize long-term brand health and remain disciplined in our approach to discounting amid an increasingly promotional environment. To this end, this holiday, we are focused on winning with consumers through emotional product and storytelling, including impactful visual installations in stores. Specifically, we will offer innovation across the assortment, including the relaunch of Demi, a classic icon from the brand’s archive as well as differentiated capsule collections and collaboration. And we are building on the momentum of the recent launch of the Courage To Be Real campaign. Coach’s holiday marketing is inspired by its unique heritage and purpose and highlights the timelessness of the brand in a fun and joyful way. Our campaigns will feature our global ambassadors and will be amplified with high impact placements, notably on social channels such as YouTube and TikTok. In closing, Coach is an iconic brand and we are committed to continuing to grow in a healthy, sustainable way. In its next chapter, we are bringing expressive luxury to life to engage with the modern consumer through emotional brand storytelling and product innovation that allows for self-expression. We believe this builds on our recent momentum and the best of Coach’s past while taking the brand to new heights in the future. Now, moving to Kate Spade, in the first quarter, revenue rose 10% in constant currency, led by a 7% gain in North America and 23% growth in international markets. Overall, we are harnessing the power of the brand to fuel multifaceted growth by focusing on three priorities: becoming more emotional, more lifestyle and more global. During the quarter, we made progress against these strategic priorities. First, we continued to amplify our key handbag platforms while simultaneously launching emotional newness. We saw continued traction in our number one Knott collection. In addition, new platforms such as the Katy family resonated with both new and existing customers and outperformed expectations. Looking ahead, we are continuing to build out these platforms as we create iconic families for the brand. At the same time, we introduced new on-trend handbags, including exciting fashion shapes, such as boxy. Importantly, this style was a recruitment driver, bringing younger, more diverse customers to the brand. Within our novelty assortment, which remains a unique and differentiating factor for Kate Spade, we launched Lady Leopard, an elevated yet highly wearable offering that performed well globally. In fact, the Lady Leopard tote was a top performing style during the quarter with an AUR of well over $400. Together, the success of our product offering supported the brand’s handbag AUR growth of low single-digits at constant currency, including gains in North America. Second, we expressed the unique world of Kate Spade through distinctive storytelling and engaging campaigns to fuel brand heat. Our fall campaign was centered on our townhouse team and featured local activations showcasing the full lifestyle offering of the brand. We also experimented with our first foray into the Metaverse with our digital townhouse. In addition, we are excited by our return to New York Fashion Week in September to debut our upcoming spring/summer collection amid a wide array of female influencers that embody the brand’s purpose. And we continued to increase our reach on social channels, focusing on the younger audience through platforms such as TikTok, Pinterest and YouTube. Third, we built on the strong foundation of our lifestyle positioning and delivered high single-digit growth across ready-to-wear footwear and jewelry. As we have shared previously, these categories fostered deeper connections with customers supporting higher lifetime value and global expansion. To this end, growth in lifestyle contributed Kate Spade’s increase in average customer spend in North America. Fourth, we delivered growth in North America while fueling significant sales growth internationally in keeping with our long-term goal of expanding the brand’s global reach. To drive brand awareness and increase engagement in key regions, we hosted localized and relevant events to bring our fall townhouse campaign to life. For example, at our Ginza store in Japan, we created an immersive pop-up highlighted by live music, well-being discussions and flower arranging workshops. And just last month, we launched a new store design concept in Singapore. The environment is elevated and luxurious, while at the same time, warm and inviting, a representation of the brand. The initial performance has been strong and we intend to leverage this format for our new store openings going forward. Looking to holiday, we will connect with consumers by leading with a motion in everything we do. We are continuing to build iconic handbag styles with the expansion of key families, including the best-selling Knott collection and the new Katy family as well as the introduction of Gramercy, an elevated core platform, which will include a chenille monogram. We are also offering emotional newness within novelty, including a Zebra animal print and playful candy theme styles. And we will continue to fuel lifestyle with an emphasis on jewelry, footwear and ready-to-wear, capitalizing on our recent success. To amplify our compelling product offering, we are continuing to lean into emotional storytelling. We just launched our Have A Ball marketing campaign, which reinforces Kate Spade’s Joy Colors Life mantra and a celebratory spirit to drive gifting and self-gifting. We are also focused on driving engagement with consumers across channels in new ways. For example, in key cities, we are bringing local influencers together with our store associates to co-create content, highlighting a full range of products. Further, Kate Spade store associates will be live streaming on our e-commerce site throughout the season to showcase our collections and offer gifting ideas, underscoring our focus on delivering innovative omnichannel experiences. Overall, we remain confident in the significant long-term runway ahead and are committed to investing in brand building activities that further unlock the power of the Kate Spade brand and community. Importantly, we’ve made meaningful progress over the last 2 years and we have the right strategy in place to take us into the future to deliver sustainable top and bottom line growth over our planning horizon. Turning to Stuart Weitzman, we delivered growth in North America, aided by strength in the wholesale channel, while pressure remained in the highly penetrated Greater China region given COVID headwind. Importantly, we made progress on our strategy to win with heat to drive brand awareness and growth. First, we sparked consumer desire with high emotion product and a compelling assortment as we lean into our authority in occasion wear and build on our casual foundation. Recent introductions continue to resonate with our consumer base, specifically wear to work styles as we capitalize on the shifting needs within the market. The Stuart family, which was launched earlier in the calendar year, is quickly becoming a staple within our offering. This collection of pumps and boots drove 15% of sales and was a favorite among both new and existing customers. At the same time, the recently introduced Soho loafer delivers outsized growth. Through our elevated assortment, coupled with price increases and a significant pullback in promotional activity, the brand delivered another quarter of AUR gains at constant currency, rising slightly versus the prior year on a global basis and high single-digits in North America. Second, we focused on strengthening wholesale partnerships and an increasing visibility of the brand for consumers. We’ve created disruptive activations, including pop-ups with key accounts and online takeovers. Additionally, we’ve improved placement within high-end wholesale locations, highlighted by a shoe floor takeover at the New York City Nordstrom in September, which well outperformed expectations. Third, we created brand heat through impactful marketing campaigns, highlighted by the launch of our new purpose new visual identity and new ambassador in September. At the end of the quarter, we kickstarted brand heat with the debut of Kim Kardashian as the global brand ambassador, as we amplify Stuart Weitzman’s purpose to celebrate women who stand strong. We were pleased to be listed in the best campaigns of the season by both Elle and Harper’s Bazaar, as we diversified the placement of the announcement across social channels and out-of-home imagery across key global cities, including New York City, Los Angeles, London and Milan. Looking to Holiday at Stuart Weitzman, we’re focused on our strategy to win with heat to execute in a rapidly changing environment. We’re capitalizing on our strength in boots and booties during this peak season. At the same time, we’re updating our key items, including the Soho and Stuart families with emotional additions and embellishments to fuel excitement among consumers. Overall, we remain focused on our strategic priorities to build brand awareness, increase market share and position Stuart Weitzman for continued profitable growth. In closing, our first quarter results continue to highlight the power of our brands in the attractive and durable nature of our categories. Importantly, our foundation is solid, and our strategic direction is clear. We remain focused on successfully navigating near-term headwinds, staying agile and close to consumers while advancing our long-term growth initiatives. We see significant opportunity ahead to drive meaningful, sustainable growth and value for all stakeholders. With that, I’ll turn it over to Scott, who will discuss our financial results, capital priorities and fiscal ‘23 outlook. Scott?
Scott Rowe: Thanks Joanne and good morning, everyone. We delivered solid results in the face of a volatile backdrop as we focused on the factors within our control. In the first quarter, we achieved record revenue of $1.5 billion despite FX headwinds and COVID disruption in China and grew earnings per share at 8% against last year, excluding $0.10 of currency pressure. At the same time, we returned $175 million to shareholders demonstrating our commitment to enhancing long-term value. Turning to the details of the quarter, starting with revenue, which will be shared on a constant currency basis, sales rose over 5% led by international, delivering 11% growth versus prior year, which was ahead of our expectations. We achieved strong growth in APAC, which rose 9% versus prior year despite COVID-related headwinds in Greater China. In Japan, revenue increased 16%, while Other Asia grew over 135% with notable strength in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia and New Zealand. These trends were driven by a pickup in store traffic as we anniversary last year’s pandemic-related headwinds. In Europe, sales increased 24%, fueled by higher international tourist traffic, notably from the Middle East and within Europe, as well as continued growth with local customers. For Greater China, sales declined 11% data COVID related headwinds, though improved meaningfully on a sequential basis from the 32% decrease reported in Q4. However, as we enter our second quarter, trends softened due to the further lockdowns and business disruption. As a result, we have tempered our fiscal year ‘23 outlook based on the expectation for a delayed recovery in China, which I’ll touch on shortly. Turning to North America, sales rose slightly versus prior year, representing an increase of nearly 45% on a 2-year basis. By channel, we delivered low single-digit gains in our direct business, which included a high single-digit increase in stores fueled by the return of traffic and a high single-digit decline in digital, given the combination of lapping last year’s strong gains as well as a consumer shift to shopping in store. To that point, on a 2-year basis, digital sales rose over 35% and remained over 3x ahead of our fiscal year ‘19 pre pandemic levels. For wholesale, revenue increased over 20% compared to the prior year, partially aided by approximately $15 million of earlier-than-expected shipments across key accounts globally. Moving down the P&L. As expected, gross margin declined due to incremental freight pressure of 130 basis points and FX headwinds of approximately 70 basis points. In addition, our results included a negative impact from mix due to a lower penetration of the high-margin China business, as well as a higher penetration of wholesale impacted by timing. Outside of these factors, our operational gross margin expanded versus prior year. SG&A grew 5% versus last year, reflecting an increase in marketing as we continue to invest in brand-building activities along with planned investments in our operating platform. Compared to our expectations, expenses were largely in line with plan and included a slight timing benefit with the second quarter. Taken together, operating income was in line with our expectations, while EPS outperformed. The primary contributors were a $0.05 benefit related to timing with the second quarter as well as a $0.03 tailwind from a favorable tax rate, which offset incremental FX headwinds of $0.03 in the quarter. Now turning to our balance sheet and cash flows, as expected, we ended the quarter with $557 million in cash and investments and total borrowings of $1.68 billion. There were no borrowings outstanding under our $1.25 billion revolver. Free cash flow for the quarter was an outflow of $198 million, including CapEx and implementation costs related to cloud computing of $45 million. As anticipated, inventory at quarter end was 39% above prior year, including an increase in in-transit of nearly 50%, impacted by longer lead times. Overall, we are pleased with the makeup of our current inventory, which is highly penetrated in core and seasonless styles. We are well positioned into holiday and continue to expect to end fiscal year ‘23 with inventory up single digits compared to the prior year as we’ve taken proactive measures to align our second half inventory receipt plans with our updated revenue outlook. Moving to our capital allocation priorities. We continue to plan for approximately $1 billion in shareholder returns in fiscal 2023 which includes share repurchases of $700 million, including $100 million bought back in the first quarter as planned, and dividend payments totaling approximately $300 million. This is based on an annual dividend rate of $1.20 per share, which represents a 20% increase over the prior year. Overall, our priorities are unchanged and consistent with what we outlined at our recent Investor Day. First, we’re investing in the business to drive long-term profitable growth; and second, we’re returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In the future, we believe our platform is scalable and would evaluate M&A that is accretive to our organic TSR opportunity. Now moving to our outlook for fiscal 2023, we are updating our full year earnings outlook to reflect a $0.20 FX headwind from further strengthening of the U.S. dollar. On a currency-neutral basis, our EPS guidance is unchanged, but reflects our latest thinking across three areas of the business. First, we’ve incorporated a more modest revenue outlook in North America and Greater China, partially offset by momentum in Other Asia and Europe. Second, we’re planning for an additional SG&A savings through proactive expense management and variable expense reductions. And third, we expect a favorable tax rate for the fiscal year. Our ability to maintain our earnings outlook on a currency-neutral basis despite the volatile external environment highlights the resiliency and agility of Tapestry’s operating model. So let’s run through the details of our outlook. For the fiscal year, we expect constant currency revenue growth of 2% to 4%. On a reported basis, we anticipate sales to be in the area of $6.5 billion to $6.6 billion, which represents a slight decline compared to the prior year, including roughly 450 basis points of FX headwinds. Touching on details by region at constant currency, in North America, our guidance contemplates low single-digit declines throughout the balance of the year, in line with the Q1 trend for our direct business. In Greater China, while we continue to expect growth for the fiscal year, we now anticipate a delay in the recovery compared to our prior assumption. In Japan and Europe, we expect low double-digit gains, while Other Asia contemplates growth of over 30%. In addition, we anticipate a year-over-year operating margin decline of over 70 basis points which now incorporates the expectation for FX pressure of roughly 120 basis points compared to our prior outlook for 100 basis points of impact. We expect the majority of this FX headwind to flow through the gross margin line. This contemplates gross margin relatively in line with to slightly below prior year, reflecting the benefit of moderating freight costs as well as AUR increases across all brands. We expect these tailwinds to be offset by the previously anticipated rising input costs for materials, as well as the negative impact of FX, as mentioned. On SG&A expenses, we anticipate modest deleverage for the year, reflecting continued investments in growth drivers, including in digital and the planned 2023 opening of our new fulfillment center in Las Vegas partially offset by proactive actions we’re taking to reduce our expense base, as mentioned previously. Moving to below the line items, net interest expense for the year is anticipated to be approximately $30 million to $35 million, a significant decline versus fiscal year ‘22, reflecting the benefit of our recently executed cross-currency swap agreements. Tax rate is expected to be approximately 20%. This represents an increase against last year, primarily due to the anticipated geographic mix of earnings. Weighted average diluted share count is expected to be in the area of 242 million shares. This reflects approximately $700 million in share repurchases expected in the fiscal year as noted. So taken together, we project EPS of $3.60 to $3.70, representing mid-single-digit growth compared to the prior year, which includes a year-over-year currency headwind of approximately $0.50. Finally, we continue to forecast CapEx and cloud computing costs to be in the area of $325 million. We anticipate approximately half of the spend to be related to new stores and renovations primarily in China, with the balance dedicated to our ongoing digital and IT initiatives, including investment related to our new fulfillment center in Las Vegas. As previously outlined, given the volatile environment and last year’s atypical comparisons, we continue to expect significant variability by quarter. Specifically, we expect revenue and earnings growth to be back half weighted, helped by the planned return to growth in Greater China beginning in the third quarter. In addition, we will anniversary the substantial incremental headwinds from freight beginning in the second quarter, providing a tailwind to margin. For the second quarter in total, we expect revenue to decline low single digits in constant currency, which includes Greater China sales to be in the area of 10% below prior year, largely consistent with the Q1 trend. On a reported basis, we anticipate global sales to be down mid-single digits compared to prior year, including the negative impact of approximately 450 basis points from FX. We expect EPS of approximately $1.25, which includes a currency headwind of approximately $0.15 versus last year, as well as the previously mentioned timing impact with Q1 of $0.05. So in closing, we delivered first quarter results ahead of expectations and maintained our earnings outlook for the year, excluding the impact of currency. This is a testament to the resilience of the categories where we play, the strength of our brands, the benefits of our transformed globally diversified business model and our talented teams around the world. Importantly, we remain on track to return $1 billion in cash to shareholders in fiscal year ‘23, consistent with our prior outlook. As we look forward, we are focused on successfully navigating near-term volatility while delivering against long-term strategies as outlined in our recent Investor Day. And now I’d like to open it up to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Bob Drbul: Hi, good morning. Congratulations on the first quarter. Can you touch on your outlook going forward? Specifically, how you’re feeling about the business heading into holiday?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Sure. Good morning, Bob, and thanks. We delivered a strong quarter, one that illustrates our agility in a difficult environment. In the first quarter, we delivered record revenue, and we drove AUR increases across all of our brands, which indicates we’re driving healthy growth across the portfolio. And we’re deepening our consumer engagement. We’re seeing more active customers shopping our brands and they are spending more with our brands. And for holiday, we’re well positioned as we head into holiday. I’m excited about the product. We’re delivering more newness and innovation across all of our brands. We’ve integrated marketing that will generate excitement with our emotional storytelling capabilities. We’re much better positioned with inventory. As you might recall, last year, we were significantly supply constrained given the disruptions we saw in the business last year. And as I think about our outlook, we are disciplined operators. Our outlook reflects realistic expectations given the macro uncertainty. Our eyes are wide open, and we have a prudent plan, and we will manage our business prioritizing long-term brand health. As always, our North Star, we’re staying close to our customer. We have the proven agility to meet what we see as increasing demand across our brands.
Bob Drbul: Great. Thank you very much. Good luck.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, good morning, guys. Scott, I just wanted to follow up to Bob’s question. Can you unpack the guidance a little more? I think you broke out a little bit on North America and China being weaker in constant currency versus your original plan. Kind of just curious of what exactly was the plan before versus today. And then as you kind of approach the guide, like do you think this is appropriately derisked based on what you’re seeing in the market, level of conservatism built in? Anything there would be great?
Scott Rowe: Sure, Ike. Good morning. I am happy to take that. So first of all, maybe a little bit of context or a reminder really what our basis for guidance was coming into this year, 90 days ago. And as it relates to China, we’ve seen what COVID-related lockdowns look like. We had said we modeled a modest and slow recovery based on experience that we’ve had in the region before and similar kind of situations, and we expected that to begin and continue throughout the year. What we saw just another perspective. In the fourth quarter, we were down 35% in China, and we just delivered. First quarter, it’s down 10%. That’s actually a little better than our expectations for China. And we were progressing well against that improvement until the PRC Congress at which time we saw our business take a bit of a step back. Since that time, we’re back on the recovery on a slow basis and gives us confidence. So what we’ve done is delayed our China recovery, essentially think about pushing it out a quarter so that in the second quarter, we inflect back to growth and for the full year, kind of high single digits for the full year. We also reflected the trends we’re seeing. We’re not trying to outguess the market and project either a big, good or bad inflection points. Our North America business was modestly below expectations, and we’ve taken that trend that we see and projected that forward for the balance of the year. Conversely, rest of Asia was stronger, right? It’s really doing well. Some of that anniversarying the COVID related shutdowns, but the trend in the business is good and we projected that forward. And lastly, given the volatile environment and some pressure, I guess, cautious position, we’re being aggressive on cost, and we’re being cautious on hiring. We’re looking at each cost carefully, but at the same time and importantly, continuing to invest in the long-term of our business. We’re investing in marketing, we’re investing in those digital and the capabilities that we believe are differentiating over time. And I think this guidance, at least in my opinion, really speaks to the disciplined operation of this team and this group as we’re able to offset some – a little bit of top line pressure and offset it with some actions that we’ve taken. And really from a currency-neutral standpoint, we’re holding our guidance and from an operational standpoint and just adjusting for the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, which is about $0.20 in EPS for the year.
Ike Boruchow: Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And I’ll just add, Ike, as we think about China, as Scott mentioned we pushed out our expectations for that recovery based on the trends that we’re seeing in the market and some continued COVID disruption in the second quarter. We’ve pushed that out to the back half of the year, but when we expect the gradual recovery. But we have positioned, and what you’ve seen in our guidance is even if we don’t see that recovery, we still have a path to the low end of our guidance if things don’t improve to our expectations in the China market. So we’re managing our business. As I said, we’re disciplined operators and we’re managing our business around the globe to drive outcomes and to drive the growth that we expect, and that’s reflected in our outlook.
Ike Boruchow: Great. Good luck.
Operator: Our next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. You made mention of the increasingly promotional environment. Can you just provide an update on your promotional strategy and pricing strategy? And with that, can you speak to the customer reaction to the most recent price increase in August?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, why don’t I kick it off broadly and then maybe Todd can give you some color on what we’re seeing at Coach. But across all brands, we drove AUR increases in the first quarter. This has been a consistent focus of ours, and that continues. We see more opportunity to drive AUR increases. Customers are recognizing the value we deliver across our brands. We still continue to see pricing power. As we think about the promotional environment, even in Q1, we’re already seeing it intensify, but we are being disciplined in how we manage and respond. There are so many levers under our control, and we continue to drive healthy brand growth. We’re delivering product innovation that supports sustained higher AUR. The second quarter is always promotional. We expect there will be promotions, but we also expect to be disciplined and as we go through the balance of the year to continue to drive AUR growth. But Todd, why don’t you add color on what you’re seeing at Coach.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. I think what we saw in the first quarter and what we had anticipated was a return to increasing AUR in handbags. And we did that both in North America and globally. We achieved that, one, through price increases ticket, and also, we were very disciplined in our promotional cadence. We have not seen any pushback from our customers on our pricing increases. And I think it comes down to three reasons: one, the innovation in our product. That has really set us apart from so many of our nearing competitors. Second, the compelling and our purpose-led brand storytelling through our expressive luxury lens. And as we start giving that life, the product really and the brand, it sets itself out in a different format than perhaps others. And then third, when we think about the inherent value of the Coach brand, even after 3 years of AUR growth, we compare our price points to traditional European luxury. The delta today is greater than any time in our history. So, the intrinsic and inherent value that our clients are seeing is there. So, we are excited by the path and the journey we set out, and we anticipate seeing further AUR growth throughout our fiscal year.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Boss of JPMorgan.
Matt Boss: Great. Thanks. Joanne, so could you speak to new customer acquisition trends? And more so underlying demand trends that you saw in North America as the first quarter progressed. Any material change in customer behavior you have seen in North America so far in the second quarter at direct-to-consumer or wholesale? And Scott, just in North America, if you could just elaborate on the change that you are making in terms of the back half of the year trend rate from a constant currency revenue perspective, maybe relative to what you were thinking three months ago?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Let me start with the consumer and what we are seeing, Matt. We are continuing to see and welcome new consumers to our brands, 1.4 million new customers in North America. And we are also focusing on accelerating against our large file of existing customers. And what we saw in the quarter was really successful execution behind those objectives. And the result of our execution, leveraging all the data and understanding of the customer, along with our strong go-to-market strategies was more active customers engaging with our brands. We saw higher spend per customer through more units per transaction. We are seeing higher overall spend and higher frequency driving that. So, really successful quarter in terms of how we are engaging customers, both new and existing. And the other thing that we are seeing in the trends, we are seeing a softening in North America and just related to the consumer backdrop. But we are also seeing customers becoming more omnichannel. We are welcoming a lot more customers back in our stores. We are seeing traffic. We are seeing traffic increase to our store channel, and we are thrilled to be welcoming more customers back to our stores, because as we grow this omnichannel customer, a customer who shops across both channels, we see that customer being much more productive, spending 2. 5x more. So, in terms of the consumer, while the backdrop we see is softening, and we have seen that in the macro environment, we are seeing strength in terms of how we engage consumers and how they are spending and it’s a good sign for us in the future in terms of our ability to drive lifetime value as we increase our omnichannel customers.
Todd Kahn: And Bill, I just want to add one thing for the Coach brand. Since Courage to Be Real campaign, we have seen an increase in new customers. Now, we are only a month in. So, I don’t want to start calling full success, but we have seen a material positive change from our September to October, new customer acquisition. And we do believe it is because our campaign is resonating.
Scott Rowe: Yes. And Matt, just to address your question directly as well, it’s about $200 million is the impact of the moderation in North America, and that takes us from prior guide of low to mid-single to down slightly, which is in line with the trend that we see today. Wholesale timing can change that. We were up slightly in the first quarter. So, there is a little noise quarter-to-quarter. But I think the important thing being 90% direct-to-consumer is the trend that we are seeing in Q1 is what we projected. And to the earlier comment, we are not trying to be heroic. We are not trying to outguess the market. We are trying to reflect what we see on the ground today on a go-forward basis, and we are making prudent and appropriate adjustments accordingly in order to maintain the currency neutral guidance, as we said earlier.
Operator: We will take our next question from Michael Binetti of Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: Hey guys. Thanks for the outlook. So, I know you already mentioned you raised price by 6% in August. You got the AUR back to positive, nice to see, especially in North America. What are you contemplating for North America as I guess, through the year, but as we look to calendar ‘23, you have a competitor saying they are going to raise prices in spring the pause after that. And I guess more near-term resale platforms are saying they are seeing signs of trade down. I think some of the luxury department stores are saying that they are seeing aspirational customers that entered the luxury categories over the last few years start to slow. I am curious about how the push and pull of that affects you as an aspiration brand?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. We have – I will kick it off and maybe then, Todd, you can add some color. We are not reacting to what’s happening outside, but are really focused on engaging consumers. Our focus is on running our business in a healthy way and delivering the value that our consumers expect. And that’s a strategy that has been working for us over many years. Over the last 3 years, we have really focused on the things that we can control and delivering great value for our consumers. There are a lot of dynamics that are playing out in the business. At the end of the day, our brands represent tremendous value in the marketplace from consumers, and we are seeing pricing power. And we intend to continue our focus on delivering innovation, leveraging data to understand our consumers even better. And we do see opportunity we continue to drive price and AUR through this year and as we deliver into the future, driving margin accretion as well. So, Todd, I will let you add some color on what you are seeing in your plans for the Coach brand.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. As we said in our Investor Day, looking through this lens of and really manifesting expressive luxury, I think looks at as a part. And we – to remember – to remind everyone, we are the Coach brand is almost 90% direct-to-consumer. So, our interaction and the data we get from our consumer is so powerful for us. And we have been on this journey, not just in one quarter, but we have really focused on our growth on AUR and driving promotional cadence down materially. And so when you take that lens, when you take what we did with the acceleration program, and reduce our SKUs and focused on our families and elongate those family and then bring innovation, one example that we mentioned, that Joanne mentioned in our prepared remarks was Coachie [ph] the word Coachie which had an AUR of over $800. And that goes to the fact that at the end of the day, emotion will always trump price. It will always connect people with emotional product. And that compares to – when you talk about traditional luxury, the average price points are so materially different that both in good times and in maybe more challenging times, I think the Coach value stands out and is very compelling to our customers.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. And I want to just add on the back of that, that also we are seeing this across all of our brands. We are seeing it for Coach, and we have significant runway at both Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, where we continue to talk about how this emotional product, understanding our consumer is driving higher AUR. And we cited examples of the Lady Leopard collection at Kate Spade, driving that emotional connection with consumers and driving AUR higher. So, we absolutely have runway ahead, particularly at Coach and in Kate and Stuart as well.
Michael Binetti: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen of Cowen & Company.
Oliver Chen: Hi, Joanne, Scott and Todd. Regarding full price relative to outlet, what are you seeing with traffic trends, anything noteworthy, particularly as inflation continues to be an issue for the consumer? And then as we think about pricing analytics and SKU management, what inning are you in there? How is it interplaying with the prospects for continued AUR progress? Thank you.
Todd Kahn: So, why don’t I start, and then Joanne, since you used the baseball metaphor will clean up afterwards. But first, we are seeing great traffic in both channels, particularly in stores. And as we have seen the consumer in North America is returning to stores. And one of the things we like about our model is stores are highly profitable for us. Digital is highly profitable for us. And we are looking to maximize the opportunity, be where the customer wants to be. And we also love having them back in our stores because the opportunities to up-sell and to create that connectivity is always most significant in the store format. In terms of innings, I think we are more at this point, cricket than baseball. This is a long, long game that we are going to be playing. And we are going to continue to find opportunities to continue to drive value. And I think we will have pricing power at Coach for a very long period of time. And we are also really extending the full lifestyle of the brand. And that opportunity, as we have talked about, in men’s and footwear and ready-to-wear and all gender programs is really where I see us winning in the future.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And Oliver, I think you talked about our – you touched on our analytics platform and how that’s helping us drive. These are programmatic changes that we have made to really leverage the vast amount of information we have about our customers. We are learning about our customers, and we will continue to leverage that in our – and managing our assortment. Our SKU productivity is at some of the highest levels we have seen, because of these new capabilities. Importantly, as we optimize our assortments, we are understanding at a customer level where the assortment is resonating, what items are used are great recruiting tools for new customers and some of our target customer groups. We talked about the Bandit as a great recruiting tool for the Gen Z consumer. So, it’s informing so much of our execution as well as analytics around pricing. I would say we are still in early innings. I like Todd’s reference of cricket versus baseball. We think about it as an infinite game. And the more we learn about consumers, the more we are able to deliver against what they value and the better we are at executing and delivering AUR increases and growth overall for our brands.
Oliver Chen: Okay. And lastly, Future Speed, where do you see the most opportunity for continued agility as test, read and react and lead times are so important to manage dynamically? Thanks a lot. Best regards.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Thank you. Speed and agility is really the name of the game, and it has been for the last couple of years. I think we have been exercising those muscles for a few years and continue to perform. We are seeing demand trends shift around the globe with real outperformance in rest of Asia. The fact that our international business was up double digits including China, overcoming the drag that we are seeing because of the COVID disruptions there, I think is a testament to our ability to react and respond to the changes we are seeing around the world. And as we think about the drivers of future speed, it starts with deepening engagement with our consumers. We saw that in the first quarter. We are delivering – we are also delivering product innovation and excellence. We are building a more omnichannel business. We are seeing that with our customers coming back to our stores. Seeing increasing omnichannel, and we are driving global growth. So, all of the pillars of our future strategy are intact, and we believe that is the unlock for future growth and value creation.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you. Good morning. I will focus in on Kate here for my question. Nice acceleration in sales growth there, including North America. So, just curious, any other callouts on what drove that positive divergence and whether you are also baking in softer North American trends for that brand over the balance of the year. And then switching to margin, SG&A did track a little bit higher than in sales there. Just any other color you can share on the operating margin range that’s embedded in your guidance for the year at Kate? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks Mark. Let me start, and then I will flip it to Scott to unpack some of the margin drivers. But overall, we continue to make progress at Kate Spade. We are really pleased with the growth we delivered, 10% constant currency, including growth in North America. We are seeing strength across the globe, in Japan as well. It’s a continuation of our focus on customer centricity and brand building. We are focused on being more emotional, more lifestyle and more global. And we saw all of that come to play in the quarter, continued success in our assortment. We have continued to deliver innovation. but also we are seeing traction behind our core offering. So, that continues to be a good sign. And the AUR growth is a good testament to how the customers are responding to the innovation that we are delivering at Kate Spade. So, we feel really good about the progress we are making there. We continue to be confident and we are on track to deliver our $2 billion goal and beyond at high-teens operating margins. And we are making investments to make sure that we continue to deliver behind that. But I will turn it to Scott to unpack the operating margin piece.
Scott Rowe: Yes. Thanks Joanne. And Mark, just taking it up where Joanne just left off. First of all, gross margin, just remember the factors that we have talked about at the Tapestry level certainly are relevant here. You talked about FX pressures, the dynamics around freight that we have been talking about now for multiple quarters are pressuring us in the short-term, but we would argue transitory and importantly, AUR growth and pricing power are alive and well at Kate Spade and our ability to maintain those margins over time. We remain confident in the gross margin side. And I think we even talked about this a little bit last quarter. This is an investment year for Kate. As they are coming on to the capabilities of our platforms, we believe these are differentiators for all of our brands on a go-forward basis. And some of those implementations in key bringing them on to those digital and analytical platforms this year is showing on the P&L and SG&A load, I would say, on an incremental basis or on a marginal basis, we continue to see the progress in profitability. And we still have confidence that they are on a path to that high-teens operating margin that Joanne just reaffirmed a minute ago.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brooke Roach of Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Good morning and thank you so much for taking our questions. Joanne, Scott, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the health of the brands that you see in China and the competitive environment in that region outside of the lockdown and the COVID restrictions. What are you seeing within your brand health? What are you seeing in sales trends? And how is the competitive and promotional environment in that region specifically? What gives you confidence that you will be able to return to the levels of growth that you have embedded in your second half forecast as the lockdowns begin to ease? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Let me start and then maybe Scott can reiterate what we have reflected in our outlook. But as expected, revenue in Greater China was pressured in the first quarter due to the headwinds associated with the zero COVID policy and COVID outbreaks. We do now expect a delayed recovery. We had been calling for a recovery in the market. We are shifting that out a quarter, but we continue to expect growth for the full year. And remember, as we get into the back half of our year, we will start to lap some of the lockdowns from a year ago. But our view on the long-term opportunity in China hasn’t changed. We continue to see significant long-term opportunity across each of our brands. And I think an important data point is in this lead up to the 11/11 holiday, we continue to see strong engagement with our brands in their channels. And our brand health signals in the market, we continue to do a lot of research in the market. Our brand health signals are still good. So, our long-term thesis is intact. We are managing through some headwinds, and that’s been reflected in our outlook.
Scott Rowe: Not much to add, except I would just say, Brooke, that also from an inventory positioning, quality and quantity, as we have taken it down, we have also been proactive in our adjustments of inventory. So, we don’t – we feel pretty good about the inventory situation also in China as we – even with the adjustments that we have made.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer. I will turn it over to Joanne for some concluding remarks.
End of Q&A:
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you and thanks all of you for joining us and your interest in our story. We delivered a better-than-expected quarter and maintained our earnings outlook for the year on a currency-neutral basis. A real big thank you to our teams around the world who continue to drive our results. Our performance highlights the strength of our brands and our ability to effectively navigate near-term challenges by staying agile. And we remain focused on delivering for our customers through the holiday season and beyond. Most importantly, we have a clear strategy to drive significant long-term sustainable growth across our portfolio, and we are confident in the runway ahead. So, thanks everyone. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude the Tapestry earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-08-18 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to this Tapestry Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Please note this call maybe recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our fourth quarter and year end results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Roe, Tapestry’s Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. Given that FY ‘21 included an additional week in the fourth quarter, the years referenced in today’s comments will be on a comparable 13 and 52-week basis unless otherwise noted. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website, www.tapestry.com/investors and then view the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with highlights for Tapestry and our brands. Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities and outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I’d now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina and welcome everyone. We drove standout results this fiscal year, delivering accelerated revenue and profit growth across our portfolio, a direct reflection of the vibrancy of our brands and the agility and ingenuity of our talented teams around the world. Our performance also demonstrates both our competitive advantages as well as the success of our strategic growth agenda, which we developed nearly 3 years ago to radically transform our organization to compete and win in a new world of retail. This meant changing the way we work, adopting a more consumer-centric mindset and utilizing our data-rich platform to acquire new consumers and better connect with our existing customers. At the same time, our ambition required a commitment to leading in digital to complement our world class store operations, recognizing the increasing importance of the omni-channel journey. We also embraced the need to fundamentally pivot, driving efficiencies in many areas of the business to support brand building and high return investments. Overall, we had to be more agile while doubling down on the innovation we bring to consumers at every touch point of our brands. As we crystallized our vision, which we actually named the Acceleration Program, we could have never predicted the way the external environment would change with the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Although this profoundly altered the world around us, it reaffirmed our strategic direction. And with consistent execution, we emerged a stronger company. Through an unwavering focus on the consumer, we acquired 15 million new customers in North America alone over the last 24 months, including approximately 7.7 million new customers in fiscal ‘22. Importantly, we have seen these new customers transact at higher AURs and they have returned to the brands with higher frequency. At the same time, we have increased retention rates and continued to reactivate lapsed customers across brands, all of which has led to more active customers engaging with our brands at higher average spend. Next, we fueled significant growth in digital, which reached $2 billion in sales at accretive margins in fiscal ‘22, more than triple fiscal ‘19 levels. We see runway ahead to further increase our e-commerce sales, leveraging our established capabilities online. In addition, we grew AUR highlighting the strength of our brands and the increasing traction of our product offerings through innovation and craftsmanship. This growth was also supported by a 40% to 50% reduction in SKU counts and a significant pullback in promotions as we utilize data and analytics to enhance our go-to-market strategies. Overall, these accomplishments contributed to Tapestry reaching record annual revenue of $6.7 billion in the fiscal year. This performance underscores the power of our globally diversified business model in the face of a challenging backdrop. In the back half of our fiscal year, while our operations in China were materially impacted by COVID-related disruptions, outperformance throughout the rest of the world led by North America drove strong top line growth. Our results for the year were also fueled by gains across our portfolio with each brand delivering double-digit sales increases in the fiscal year and we achieved accelerated growth versus fiscal ‘19 despite facing meaningful supply chain headwinds that required us to adapt to meet growing demand for our brands. At the same time, we have transformed our business model, realizing $300 million in run-rate expense savings, which helped to fund our growth initiatives, including a significant step up in brand marketing, which reached 8% of sales, doubling from fiscal ‘19. Overall, we drove earnings growth 35% ahead of pre-pandemic levels and we utilized our robust free cash flow generation to return $1.9 billion to shareholders in fiscal ‘22 alone. Importantly, we also made significant progress on many of our corporate responsibility commitments in fiscal year ‘22. We took bold actions through our newly created Tapestry Foundation, becoming a founding partner of FIT’s Social Justice Center and establishing a partnership with the Worldwide Life Fund to launch a pioneering leather traceability program in Brazil. In addition, we hired our first Chief Inclusion and Social Impact Officer and we were a signatory of the open to all mitigating racial bias and retail charter, underscoring our commitment to build a company that’s equitable, inclusive and diverse. Overall, we have made tremendous strides forward under our Acceleration Program. I am confident in the foundation we have built, which positions us to continue to be agile in an ever-changing environment as we remain focused on moving at the speed of the consumer to drive sustainable growth across our brands for years to come. Now, turning to the highlights across each of our brands, starting with Coach. In fiscal year ‘22, we delivered 18% top line growth or an increase of 15% over fiscal ‘19 pre-pandemic levels as we recruited over 4 million new customers in North America while driving momentum with our existing customers. Importantly, we achieved this while delivering strong operating margin of 30%. This speaks to the heightened level of innovation we are bringing to consumers, underpinned by consistent execution and reinforcing Coach’s significant potential ahead. For the fourth quarter, we achieved a sales increase of 8% compared to prior year, including 14% growth in North America by advancing our strategic initiatives. First, we delivered a focused and compelling product assortment across categories. Our core families of Tabby, Willow, Rogue and Field, which have become pillars of our assortment, continued to resonate with consumers as we fuel innovation to maintain the relevance and emotional appeal. In Rogue, we added new shapes, including a classic top handle handbag, as well as options in our seasonal platforms. For Tabby, the collection continues to outperform expectations, including our core women’s offering and the family’s recent expansion into men’s with the soft messenger gaining momentum. In addition to the Tabby expansion in men’s, we delivered outsized gains overall in the men’s category as well as across our lifestyle assortment, specifically footwear. Going forward, these will be important growth vehicles for Coach by increasing brand heat and top line momentum to drive customer recruitment, purchase frequency, and overall basket size. Touching on AUR, while we delivered an increase for the year, we saw pressure in the fourth quarter, primarily due to geographic mix headwinds. In North America, handbag AUR remained approximately 40% ahead of fiscal ‘19 pre-pandemic levels, consistent with the third quarter, though declined slightly versus prior year. Importantly, we remain confident in Coach’s pricing power going forward and see further AUR opportunity in fiscal ‘23 helped in part by broad ticket increases, which began in August. Second, we continued to infuse data into our decision-making to ensure we are meeting the needs of the consumer while driving efficiencies in our go-to-market strategies. To this point, through product and concept testing as well as predictive analytics, we delivered a more focused and compelling assortment to consumers, resulting in higher sell-throughs and increased SKU productivity. Third, we strengthened our consumer outreach to emotionally appeal to customers and drive engagement. Throughout the quarter, we utilized multilayer influencer strategies to amplify our offering and enhance our marketing campaigns, including on social platforms such as TikTok. Overall, we have driven stronger customer metrics, including the acquisition of approximately 1 million new customers transacting in our North America channels. In fact, over the course of the Acceleration Program, Coach recruited over 8 million new customers, which included a higher penetration of millennial and Gen Z customers. Importantly, during this timeframe, we have continued to engage with our existing customers while increasing both overall spend per customer and purchase frequency. Fourth, we invested in our digital business, which led to a low double-digit revenue increase in the quarter. As of fiscal year end, e-commerce represented nearly 30% of sales for the brand, a material increase compared to the high single-digit penetration pre-pandemic. Looking ahead to fiscal year ‘23, we are capitalizing on the foundational changes we have made and are advancing our agenda to drive continued growth at the brand. Specifically, we will focus on expanding our customer reach and increasing lifetime value by recruiting new customers with a particular focus on younger audiences while increasing overall purchase frequency and retention rates. We will drive growth in our core leather goods [Technical Difficulty] continuing to build equity in iconic families, accelerate gains in men’s and lifestyle categories, notably footwear and ready-to-wear, where we have been delivering outsized growth, invest in digital and China long-term, high growth opportunities for the brand, and translate and infuse Coach’s narrative into messaging across consumer touch points to reinforce our brand purpose. In closing, Coach is an iconic brand with significant runway ahead as we continue to create deeper connectivity with consumers through innovative product, emotional storytelling and a purpose-led agenda that together creates a virtuous flywheel for customer engagement. Our success over this past fiscal year highlighted by a significant acceleration in sales at strong margins underscores our confidence in the brand and its meaningful opportunity for long-term sustainable growth. Now moving to Kate Spade. The brand delivered record revenue of over $1.4 billion in the fiscal year, representing growth of 22%, while expanding operating margin. Throughout the year, our team has been laser-focused on rebuilding the brand’s foundation and clarifying our purpose. We have delivered consistent results, a testament to our strong team the solid execution of our strategic actions and the increasing traction and unique positioning of our brand. In fact, over the past year, in North America, we acquired over 3 million new customers, reactivated nearly 1.5 million lapsed customers and drove low double-digit growth in average customer spend. Briefly touching on highlights from the fourth quarter, Kate Spade outperformed expectations on both the top and bottom line, reflecting progress against our growth strategies. First, we amplified key handbag platforms as we continue to build and innovate our product, infusing newness across the assortment, not our core family and number one collection again fueled the quarter’s performance, delivering strength across the offering, most notably the cross-body option, which was launched last quarter. In addition, fashion shapes, such as the Manhattan tote and the recently introduced top handle Merang outpaced our expectations. Novelty remains an important asset, a unique and differentiating factor for the brand that plays a key role in our storytelling culture. In fact, the newest novelty collections once again delivered strong sell-throughs at well above overall AUR. Importantly, the traction of our core new introductions and novelty offering, coupled with a pullback in promotional activity, drove a low double-digit increase in global handbag AUR. Second, we drove brand heat by engaging the consumer through emotional storytelling and a community-driven approach. Our Cabana capsule acted as an engagement engine as well as an opportunity to test product drops and build best practices. To amplify the campaign, we launched a series of pop-ups in key cities, including New York, London and Kuala Lumpur. These locations evoke the color and joy that the Kate Spade is known for, leading to new customer acquisitions, with over 50% of purchases made at the pop-ups from new customers. At the same time, our Kate Spade New York Cabana hashtag challenge on TikTok, which boosted a wide cast of influencers, well outpaced expectations, garnering 8 billion views since launch. Third, we are utilizing data to maintain a consumer-centric approach and gain a deeper understanding of the preferences and drivers of customer purchases. For example, we have seen our mini and micro shapes drive recruitment of new customers, while fashion shapes and novelty resonate with our existing customer base. This knowledge comes into play as we develop our assortment architecture and targeted marketing campaigns. Our focus on consumer centricity is highlighted by strong customer metrics. In North America, we drove an increase in the number of active customers, driven by reactivating lapsed customers and reengaging our existing customer base. At the same time, we recruited over 700,000 new customers to the brand in the quarter. Fourth, we built on the strong foundation of our lifestyle positioning and delivered double-digit growth across ready-to-wear, footwear and jewelry. We are offering innovative and distinctive product in these categories, which emotionally connects consumers to our Kate Spade stories and the brand’s DNA. Ultimately, these categories foster deeper connections with consumers, supporting higher lifetime value and global expansion. And fifth, we have continued to invest in our digital business as we test innovative ways to engage with consumers online, including an expanded use of influencers. Overall, we have made significant progress building out this channel. In fact, Kate Spade’s digital revenue represented one-third of total sales, well ahead of the brand’s 20% penetration just 3 years ago. Overall, Kate Spade is entering fiscal ‘23 with momentum. Our intent for this fiscal year is to connect more deeply with our community, leaning into the power of our brand to drive global growth. To accomplish this, we will deliver a distinctive leather goods offering, capitalizing on the brand’s unique positioning within the market and continue to drive higher AUR, accelerate lifestyle focusing on jewelry, footwear and ready-to-wear, drive customer lifetime value by continuing to reactivate, engage existing customers while recruiting younger, more diverse customers and fuel the emotional power of the Kate Spade brand and community through marketing that amplifies its unique positioning and universally relevant purpose. Our success at Kate Spade is a direct reflection of the power of customer centricity and commitment to brand building. Through a focus on what differentiates the brand in the eyes of the consumer, including its lifestyle offering and community engagement through storytelling, we are resonating with new and existing customers, driving higher AUR and increasing our traction internationally. We are increasingly confident in the brand’s opportunity to achieve $2 billion in revenue and a high-teens operating margin over our planning horizon. Turning to Stuart Weitzman, throughout fiscal ‘22, the brand maintained a focused strategy to drive growth, improving execution while remaining nimble to foster increasing consumer demand. The success of these actions resulted in double-digit sales gains for the fiscal year and a return to profitability despite managing through challenging external dynamics, notably COVID-related pressures in China. In the fourth quarter, Stuart Weitzman continued to advance its growth strategies. First, we improved profitability as we leaned into strength in North America, which helped to offset the pressures in China. Despite headwinds in the margin-accretive China region, we delivered operating margin improvement compared to the prior year and above our forecast in the quarter. Second, we maintained a consumer-centric strategy as we delivered a compelling and trend-right offering for our customers, leveraging data and analytics. Sandals were a key category as we capitalized on the increased consumer need for occasion wear. This included a standout performance from our iconic Nudist collection, which accounted for 5 of our top 10 styles. At the same time, we increased product relevancy through newer introductions, which continued to see traction. In fact, our versatile Stuart pump, which is resonated for return to work, will be featured as a new family in fiscal ‘23, given the style’s outperformance. Our streamlined and relevant offering, coupled with lower promotional activity and the benefit of price increases, drove AUR growth of over 20% in North America. Going forward, we see continued opportunity to increase prices and drive full price selling, while maintaining our positioning within the overall market. Third, our engaging messaging helped to recruit new customers while continuing to reengage and reactivate clients. Fourth, we accelerated our wholesale partnerships and expanded the brand’s footprint in key accounts across the globe. Fifth and finally, we continued to invest in digital, resulting in nearly 20% sales growth. For the fiscal year, digital represented over 20% of revenue, which while a significant increase from a low double-digit penetration pre-pandemic, highlights the significant opportunity to continue to grow our e-commerce business. Looking ahead to fiscal ‘23, Stuart Weitzman’s focus is to fuel continued momentum through innovation across all customer touch points with the brand. Specifically, we will spark desire with high emotion product, leaning into our authority on occasion wear and building on our casual foundation, drive brand awareness through impactful marketing campaigns, accelerate China while continuing to grow North America, increased digital revenue by continuing to improve the online experience and further improve profitability through a focus on high-margin growth opportunities as well as increased store productivity. Overall, we believe these are the right strategic priorities to build brand awareness, grow market share and position the brand for continued profitable growth. In closing, our results underscore the power of our brand, the strength of our teams and the success of our strategic actions. In addition, this performance highlights the attractive and durable nature of our categories, which have proven resilient over time, given both the emotional and functional needs they fulfill for consumers. As we embark on a new fiscal year, the environment remains challenging and continues to rapidly evolve. However, the foundation we’ve built positions us to be nimble and responsive to change, balancing near-term headwinds with our long-term ambition. Importantly, we see significant runway ahead as we harness our unique combination of authentic brands amplified by an agile and data-rich operating model. This has supported our significant acceleration over the last 3 years and is key to our ongoing success as we focus on powering our iconic brands to move with the speed of the consumer. Overall, we are confident in our ability to drive long-term, sustainable growth and look forward to sharing the details of our financial and strategic road map at our Investor Day in September. With that, I’ll turn it over to Scott, who will discuss our financial results, capital priorities and fiscal ‘23 outlook. Scott?
Scott Roe: Thanks Joanne and good morning, everyone. Looking back at fiscal year ‘22, we delivered strong results in the face of a volatile backdrop as we focused on the factors within our control. We have fundamentally transformed the company, creating a solid foundation that enables investment in high-return initiatives to fuel a sustainable top and bottom-line growth. This year, we delivered a record $6.7 billion in revenue, grew earnings per share 20% against last year and 35% versus pre-pandemic levels, and we returned $1.9 billion to shareholders, demonstrating our strong cash flow generation, confidence in the future and our commitment to enhancing value for all stakeholders. Turning to the fourth quarter, our results capped a strong year. Revenue rose 9% in constant currency or 7% on a reported basis. By region, North America again drove the results in the quarter, delivering a sales increase of 12%. Revenue in Greater China was pressured as anticipated due to headwinds associated with the pandemic, including lockdowns in major cities. As such, sales declined 32% versus last year due entirely to the pullback in store traffic as digital trends in the region rose 10% compared to the prior year. Importantly, overall trends in Greater China improved modestly throughout the quarter and into fiscal ‘23. In Japan, on a year-over-year basis, sales trends accelerated meaningfully compared to the prior quarter, increasing over 25% on a constant currency basis or approximately 10% on a nominal basis. For Europe, sales rose approximately 65% against last year with strength in both stores and online. While 1-year trends in Japan and Europe have improved significantly due to the anniversary of last year’s pandemic-related headwinds as well as strong traction with domestic consumers, revenue in both regions remained below fiscal ‘19 pre-pandemic levels. Across the balance of Asia, trends again accelerated sequentially on a 1-year basis, rising nearly 60%, driven by Malaysia and Singapore. By channel, sales in the margin-accretive digital channel rose high single digits in the quarter, while stores and wholesale saw continued growth. Moving down the P&L. As expected, gross margin declined in the quarter given the incremental freight expense of $36 million, representing approximately 215 basis points of pressure as well as unfavorable geographic mix from the lower penetration of high-margin China business. That said, performance of our underlying business remains strong, and we continue to utilize data to better understand and meet the needs of our consumers while simultaneously lowering overall promotional activity. SG&A was slightly above the prior year and better than our expectations. Even excluding the anniversary of a $25 million contribution towards the endowment of the Tapestry Foundation last year, we improved our SG&A rate, reflecting leverage across the expense base. Taken together, operating income was largely in line with our expectations and 7% above last year. Earnings per diluted share for the quarter was $0.78, 20% ahead of last year and nearly 30% above FY ‘19 pre-pandemic levels. So now turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter in a strong position with $953 million in cash and investments and total borrowings of $1.69 billion. There were no borrowings outstanding under our $1.25 billion revolver. Free cash flow for the fiscal year was an inflow of $759 million, including CapEx and implementation costs related to cloud computing of $162 million. CapEx for the year came in favorable to our expectations and included a timing shift of approximately $35 million into FY ‘23 due to shifts in projects mostly in Asia. Inventory was up 35% at year-end, including an increase in transits of over 50% impacted by longer lead times. Overall, we’re pleased with the makeup of our current inventory, which is highly penetrated in core styles. We expect inventory to end fiscal ‘23 up single digits versus the prior year. Moving to our capital allocation priorities. In fiscal ‘22, we returned approximately $1.9 billion to shareholders. That was led by $1.6 billion in share repurchases, which is over $1 billion ahead of our original guidance for $500 million. The incremental buyback was supported by our significant free cash flow generation as well as our strong liquidity position as we emerge from the acute pressures of the COVID-19 pandemic in fiscal ‘21 with a more conservative cash position. Therefore, the momentum we drove in our business and our confidence in the future allowed us to return to more normalized cash balances by the end of fiscal ‘22. In addition, we returned $264 million to shareholders through our dividend program. Now looking forward, our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. First, we’re investing in the business to drive long-term, profitable growth; and second, we’re returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Therefore, in fiscal 2023, we’re planning approximately $1 billion in shareholder returns, primarily through share repurchases of $700 million under our existing $1.5 billion authorization. In addition, our Board of Directors approved a 20% increase in our quarterly dividend, bringing our anticipated annual dividend rate to $1.20 per share. We remain committed to increasing our dividend over time at a rate faster than earnings growth. Now moving to our outlook for fiscal 2023. We’re entering ‘23 with a number of tailwinds. We operate in a high-margin categories, which have proven to be durable and resilient. We have strengths and pricing power at each of our brands underscored by the gains we’ve made throughout the Acceleration Program, and margins will benefit from a reduction in incremental levels of air freight versus the prior year. That said, our eyes are wide open, and we’re not immune to headwinds that exist in our space. The appreciation of the U.S. dollar, ongoing COVID-related disruption in China, soft consumer sentiment compared to historical averages in the U.S. and ongoing cost inflation and supply chain disruptions. In times like these, we’re leveraging our established capabilities and leaning into our competitive advantages while investing in our brands to drive growth over the long-term. For the fiscal year, we expect constant currency revenue growth of 6% to 7%. On a reported basis, we anticipate revenue in the area of $6.9 billion, which represents growth of 3% to 4% and includes roughly 300 basis points of FX headwinds from the significant appreciation of the U.S. dollar. Our guidance assumes balanced growth with all brands and channels contributing to constant currency top line gains for the year. By region at constant currency, this contemplates low to mid-single-digit growth throughout the year in North America and a gradual recovery in Greater China resulting in growth for the fiscal year as well as double-digit gains in Japan and Europe. In addition, we anticipate a year-over-year operating margin decline in the area of 50 basis points, due entirely to FX headwinds of roughly 100 basis points. This contemplates gross margin relatively in line with the prior year, reflecting the benefit of moderating freight costs as well as AUR increases across all brands. We expect these tailwinds to be partially offset by the previously anticipated rising input costs for materials as well as the negative impact of FX. On SG&A, we anticipate modest de-leverage for the year, reflecting continued investments in growth drivers, including digital and the planned 2023 opening of our new fulfillment center in Las Vegas. Moving to below line items. Net interest expense for the year is anticipated to be approximately $35 million, a significant decline versus fiscal ‘22, reflecting the benefit of our recently executed cross-currency swap arrangements. Tax rate is expected to be approximately 21%. This represents an increase against last year, primarily due to the anticipated geographic mix of earnings. Weighted average diluted share count is expected to be in the area of 242 million shares. This reflects approximately $700 million in share repurchases expected for the fiscal year as noted. So taken together, we expect EPS of $3.80 to $3.90, representing double-digit growth compared to the prior year. Finally, CapEx and cloud computing costs are forecasted to be in the area of $325 million, including the previously mentioned $35 million shift from fiscal ‘22. We anticipate approximately half of the spend to be related to new stores and renovations, primarily in China, with the balance dedicated to our ongoing digital and IT initiatives and investments related to our new fulfillment center in Las Vegas. Given the volatile environment and last year’s atypical comparisons, we again expect significant variability by quarter. Specifically, we expect revenue and earnings growth versus prior year to be back half weighted, helped by the sequential improvement planned in China as we move throughout the year. In addition, we will anniversary the substantial incremental headwinds from freight beginning in the second fiscal quarter of the year, providing a tailwind to margin. For the first quarter, we expect revenue to increase mid-single digits in constant currency, which included a decline of approximately 15% projected in Greater China. On a reported basis, we anticipate global sales to increase slightly, including a negative impact of approximately 350 basis points from FX with EPS in the area of $0.75. In closing, we delivered strong results in fiscal ‘22 with 18% top line growth driving record annual sales. EPS increased 20% versus prior year and 35% over pre-pandemic levels. At the same time, we returned $1.9 billion to shareholders. This is a testament to the resilience of the categories where we play, the strength of our brands, the benefits of our transformed globally diversified business model and our talented teams around the world who continue to drive our strong performance. As we look forward, we remain confident in our trajectory and disciplined in our approach to driving long-term sustainable growth and total shareholder return. And now I’ll open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Bob Drbul: Hi, good morning. I guess, Joanne, I was wondering, when you look at the last couple of years, as you guys think about FY ‘23, the environment is clearly challenging. Can you just talk about the confidence that you guys have that you can deliver another strong year for shareholders? Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning, Bob. I would say that we’re confident in our ability to connect with the consumer. Over the last 2 years, we’ve gained 15 million new customers in North America alone. And we just – as you pointed out, we just delivered a great year. We posted record revenue levels, double-digit growth at each of our brands. And those results last year and over the past 2 years have been delivered in a very difficult retirement. We saw top and bottom-line growth over that period, and we’re up double digits to pre-pandemic levels. And that really speaks to the success of our Acceleration Program. We’ve built a very strong foundation, and we see significant runway ahead. Given the macro backdrop, as you mentioned, we believe that our outlook is both prudent and realistic. We expect constant currency 6% to 7% growth for the year. And some of the drivers of our confidence, it starts with our team. I believe we have the best team in the business. Our team has proven to have agility, and we’ve been responsive to all of the changes that we’ve seen in the backdrop. Our brands are strong and getting stronger. And over the last 3 years, we’ve really pivoted the company with – to have a real focus on brand building and brand building capabilities, and we’re investing behind that and in the future of our brands. We play in attractive categories. The categories that we serve our customers have proven to be resilient over time and durable. And I think the success of our transformation is really underpinned by our laser focus on the customer. We’re staying closer and closer to our customers and executing behind that. And not only are we calling for growth in this fiscal year, but we see a tremendous amount of runway ahead across each of our brands, and we’re looking forward to sharing more of those details at our Investor Day coming up next month.
Bob Drbul: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will move next to Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, good morning, everyone. Scott, you gave some additional color to the fiscal year guide, but I just wanted to follow-up. Is there more you can provide us on the shape of the year? There is a lot of variability first half, back half with freight in China, etcetera. So any other help on the shape would be helpful. And then on GSP, I see that that’s not included in the guide, but if that does go through, can you just remind us the EPS benefit on an annualized benefit that you guys would see? Thanks.
Scott Roe: Sure, good morning. And thanks for the question. So on the first part, maybe a little more unpacking on the shape of the year by quarter. So first of all, in North America, Joanne’s comments, we do see some moderation in our growth. We talked about low to mid-single-digit growth. But importantly, that’s off a base of drilling last year, 28%, almost 30%. And on a pre-pandemic stack more than 22%. So our business in North America is strong. It remains strong. And we expect that to be consistent throughout each of the quarters as we go through the four quarters of the year. Next, I’ll address the rest of the world excluding China and again, very strong year-on-year growth. Not quite as – we’re recovering there, not quite as strong on the 2-year stack. But versus last year, where we saw severe COVID impacts, Japan, rest of Asia, we’re seeing very strong double-digit growth, more than 20% in most regions, and we expect that to continue throughout the year. The one that’s a little different is China, as mentioned in the prepared remarks, just some perspective there. Last quarter, we were down about 32%. That’s a little better than we had guided. We guided down 35%. And importantly, as we exited the year and entered this year, we see the trends improving and continue to improve. So we’ve really just taken the trend line that we see and projected that through the balance of the year. So by Q3, we inflected the growth. And for the full year, we see a single-digit growth in China. So that regional difference by year really accounts for a lot of the progression. It’s really a consistency in the trends that we see. It’s not a big change in trend. It’s just the mathematics of how those different regions come together. And then one, in addition to the revenue cadence by quarter, we should also talk about some of the profitability drivers. And the biggest one is freight. So you may recall, we’ve talked about freight last year being elevated for two reasons. Ocean rates up as well as air freight. And we’re essentially out of the air freight business, but it takes a while for that rabbit to work through the snake, right? And as that inventory or the freight is attached to that inventory, we’re going to see still some negative impact year-on-year in Q1 because we don’t start anniversarying the big air freight until Q2 and beyond. So, in putting some numbers on that, in Q1, we still expect a headwind from freight somewhere around 150 basis points on the negative. That inflects in Q2 and beyond. And for the year, we see about 80 basis points of favorability in freight. And importantly, from Q2 through Q4, so Qs 2, 3 and 4, that’s going to be about 140 basis points favorability to last year, and that gets you to that ongoing rate of about half of what we saw last year coming back to us as a tailwind. And then the last point that creates just a little noise is FX. So FX, we mentioned in the prepared remarks, about 300 basis points impact on top line, about 100 basis points on bottom line. That’s a little more acute in the first quarter, about 350 basis points as we start to lap some of the movements in the in the USD as we move through the balance of the year. So, hopefully, that gives you a little bit of context on the shape. Second part of your question was GSP. As you noted, we did not reflect any assumption and changes in the law around GSP. It’s about $40 million in the annual duties paid because we don’t have the GSP regime in place. And if it should be retroactive, which in all recent past, it always has been, that would be about another $50 million. So, $90 million in total, assuming that it’s passed and assuming that it’s retroactive. So, a significant impact. It’s $0.30 plus or so.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. Can you give us your thoughts on health of the store fleet? And how you think about the footprint for each brand now that e-commerce is such a bigger part of the business?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Hi, good morning, Lorraine. We feel really good about our store fleet and the health of our store fleet. We had over the last 3 years, had a focus on improving the productivity and profitability of our store fleet and also understanding and making sure that we are delivering the right experience for our consumers in that physical touch point. And we believe stores are still important to the consumer, and it represents, as I have said, an important touch point. But with our focus on the profitability, even as we have come through the pandemic and had traffic pressures, our store fleet is more profitable than it was pre-pandemic level today, even today. So, we feel good about where we are positioned, and we see opportunities to continue to work to improve the experience we are delivering to consumers in that physical touch point as really an important part of the consumer shopping journey. Importantly, to your point, we have driven an incredible growth in our digital business. We have reached $2 billion in that business, more than triple where we were pre-pandemic. And it’s important because we have taken a focus shifting from a specifically channel focus to focusing on the consumer, and we want to be where the consumer is in terms of how to engage the consumer with our brands. And we have, again, lots of traction in digital. It’s a $2 billion business. It comes with accretive margins versus the brick-and-mortar channel. So, for us, seeing that continued growth is a good thing and a good outcome. But at the same time, we are improving profitability of our store fleet. And altogether, we are acquiring new customers across these channels, which is really healthy for our brands, including an increasing number of younger consumers. So, that’s how we are thinking about stores. We will continue to test and learn in the omnichannel capabilities for our store and make sure we are delivering the right experience for our consumers there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti of Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: Hey guys. Thanks for all the detail here. I think your – on the AUR comment, Joanne, did I hear you correctly that North America handbag AUR was negative year-over-year in the quarter. And I know you said global, I am assuming a lot of that was from China mix. I am curious on North America. And I think you referenced some ticket increases in August. Maybe the size there and what – whether the 1Q plan based on a return to positive AUR for the Coach brand in North America?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, I will kick it off by saying – and then I will pass it to Todd for some color on Coach. AUR, it continues to be – we continue to see pricing power across our brands. And for the quarter overall, we saw AUR growth. In the Coach brand in the fourth quarter, though we parse it out, Coach has been successful driving AUR growth for 3 years. And a lot of that is due to our focus on the consumer and delivering value and really leveraging data and analytics from our – in our platform, but also delivering the innovation that the customers value. And again, 3 years of a strong track record in the fourth quarter, the Coach brand in North America was down slightly, but still 40% above pre-pandemic levels. So, that gives you, I think an understanding of the pace of change that we have made in the Coach brand. But that – we still see continued opportunity for growth ahead, and I will let Todd touch on that. In our other brands, the Kate and Stuart, we are much earlier on that journey and continue to drive strong AUR growth and see runway ahead in those brands as well. So, bringing the power of our data-rich platform and our consumer centricity forward, it has had traction, and we see that going forward. But Todd, I will let you provide some color on Coach specifically.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. As Joanne indicated, we are coming off some amazing numbers, 40% above pre-pandemic in North America. And what we had said to you before was we had always planned on ticket increases this August and throughout the year. And generally speaking, it’s about 6%, sometimes a little higher, sometimes in that range. And we feel very good about that. We feel good about that because we have not seen any resistance from our consumer, and they really appreciate the codes that Coach offer that are unique, the value and the innovation and we anticipate seeing a return to AUR growth even in North America handbags in the first quarter and throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question is from Adrienne Yih of Barclays.
Adrienne Yih: Good morning. Nice end to a fantastic year. Joanne, I wanted to go back to the comment on the 40% to 50% SKU reduction. What categories or did you just kind of tighten up so the AUR, the target AUR? Did you take out certain categories? So, any more color on that piece of it? And then, Todd, how much of the product reduction/design process is based on predictive analytics? And how do you balance sort of your creative force of the team versus the more analytical nature of kind of data analytics? Thanks so much.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Thanks Adrienne. I will kick it off with our AUR and some of the data and analytics approach to how we thought about SKU reduction. And your point on understanding the assortment, we leveraged data and analytics to really help drive our SKU reduction efforts. We wanted to make sure that we did have the right assortment architecture and we cut a lot of the tail of the unproductive SKUs. But importantly, we leveraged analytics and market research to understand the consumer across the landscape and make sure that we had the right products to deliver against an understanding, a deeper understanding of the customer. So, as we developed our assortment architecture, understanding who the consumer is, who the target consumer is and where we wanted to place our bets, and it’s been an important and a huge win for us as we have come through a pretty volatile environment to have that focused assortment that has – each SKU has a purpose, and we are evaluating which SKUs are attracting new customers, what are the entry points for our brands, where are we seeing customers move up in AUR and delivering that value that they recognize. It’s been a tremendous help to have more focused assortment as we navigate a lot of the supply and demand changes around the world. And it’s been a tremendous help in terms of communicating to the consumer what’s important. So, with all of the changes that have happened over the last 2 years, we are better at identifying the SKUs. We are better at allocating those items, that assortment across the world. We are better at allocating our inventory behind those, and we are better at messaging our consumers behind the reduced SKU count. So, a lot of wins on that store.
Todd Kahn: What I can add is our designers are not going to be replaced by AI any time soon. So what we have said often in the past is we are at our best when we blend magic and logic. And today, what that means is all the things that Joanne mentioned. But in addition, it’s informing the creative process. It’s informing design. We are having much better feedback loops earlier. And Again, I want to make sure we continue to be innovative and creative, and that is not going to be something that we are outsourcing to computers. Stuart Vevers and his team really come up with incredible ideas and focus. And their goal, their muse is this younger consumer, this global consumer that cares about values that we infuse in the brand. So, again, it’s an informed creative process. We are at our best when we do this. We are using the Tapestry platform and the data to help us do this in a really authentic way, and you are seeing it in the product.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. It’s been great to see the continued progress at Kate. Can you give us some updated perspective on the path to $2 billion? How are you thinking about growth by geography? And at what point does China become a bigger part of the story again?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, we see, Mark, the opportunity to achieve $2 billion. We are increasingly confident that as the team has really delivered and the brand is really performing, both on top and bottom line. And we see that traction with our existing customers. That has been our focus, right, to get the brand steady and growing in our core markets of North America and Japan. And we see tremendous runway and opportunity ahead to get to that $2 billion with growth in our core markets. We also go to your point, see opportunity to expand internationally. We have driven strong growth. Our business is small in both China and Europe. Europe has been performing quite well. We see opportunities to expand there. And over time, also impact the China market. So, that is an opportunity. The $2 billion is not contingent upon a big step into China. We see runway in our core markets in addition to China, which is right now, it represents a lot of white space for the brand to continue to grow beyond $2 billion.
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen of Cowen.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi Joanne, it’s Scott. Our survey data at Cowen is showing some pressure on the higher and customer as well. Just would love your thoughts on the strategy for the average unit retail increases at the Coach brand in the fourth year of doing this, just the nature of what’s achievable yet still offering clear value and innovation. And Joanne, you mentioned younger customer in your prepared remarks as well as opportunity for continued brand building. Could you be more specific about what you mean there and where you see the evolution of the innovation going? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Why don’t I toss it to Todd to talk about the Coach brand, and then I will follow it up with our young consumer.
Todd Kahn: Thank you. Good morning. We feel really good about where we are in AUR and particularly the place you focused on, which is the higher end. Two quick data points. First of all, in retail we saw AUR handbag growth even in the fourth quarter. And what that shows is the dramatic white space that exists today between Coach and the traditional European luxury brands. And I think what you see with Rogue and some of our more elevated products, the consumer is recognizing the value there and there is a lot of opportunities to continue to grow there. And so I see us further increase our AURs throughout the year, both in North America and globally. And we are going to see that in Japan, in China, coupled with innovation, I feel very good, particularly about us capturing more of that white space.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And let me just follow up with – to answer the second part of your question, Oliver, on brand building. We have spent the last 3 years really pivoting the company to get focused on how we continue to invest in our brands. And as we have done that, we have focused on acquiring new customers, reactivating the customers, lapsed customers and continuing to drive higher customer lifetime value. And that focus on the customer is part of our brand building story. We are trying to acquire more customers and succeeding, 15 million new customers in the last 2 years alone, and we are seeing an increasing number of younger consumers. And we are doing that with capabilities that we have developed in marketing and also with data and how we are positioning our assortment, so understanding that consumer, getting closer to that consumer and delivering product and experiences that they value. And again, we are seeing traction. We are showing up in the places where they are, particularly on digital channels. And we are showing up not only for the transaction, but engaging consumers as they are on their journey, the customer journey and discovery. So, part of our investments, and we talked about how we have significantly changed our investments to be behind that brand building and in digital, moving our marketing spend from 4% of sales to 8% of sales is meaningful, and we have the capabilities to continue to measure the effectiveness of the investments we are making and ensuring that we are getting the outcomes that we want. And you can see those results again in the customer acquisition over the last 2 years, and we expect that to continue.
Operator: Our next question is from Brooke Roach of Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Good morning. Thank you for taking our question. Joanne, I would love to hear your outlook for growth for the accessories and handbag category into fiscal ‘23 for both units and AUR. Where do you see the largest opportunity for Coach brand to take share in the North American handbag and accessories market this year? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: We are fortunate to play in a category that has historically had very – proven very resilient and had durable growth over years. We have seen pre-pandemic, the category grow in the mid to high-single digit range very consistently. And even through the pandemic, we saw consumers engaging with the category and coming out strong as we have recovered from the pandemic. But going forward, we expect the category to continue to grow in that mid to high-single digit level. And from the Coach brand, I give Todd and the team at Coach tremendous credit. They have really infused life and energy into that brand. We are acquiring new customers. We are driving innovation and really managing the business quite well. And you can see that in the customer acquisition that we are seeing at the Coach brand, we still have tremendous runway ahead for Coach. The category we see growing and we think Coach is very well positioned to continue to grow with the category at very strong margins.
Todd Kahn: Yes. I think the only thing I can point you to is it was very interesting recently, the business of fashion did a very deep dive in the handbag category. And with unaided awareness, they were asked consumers who were engaged in the category and anticipated buying a brand, what brand would they buy. And we were very pleased to see that Coach was the number one brand in the U.S. on an unaided awareness by consumers who have the intention to buy. Even what was also very interesting was on high net worth individuals, individuals who have over 1.5 million investable assets, Coach was number five in the U.S. So, that bodes very well and shows that we are cutting through in our messaging on values. And I think you are going to see us, and you are going to hear us talk quite a bit about it at the upcoming Investor Day, how we are going to chart our future and take us into the next meaningful growth period for Coach.
Operator: Our next question is from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Hi. Good morning everyone. Can you talk a little bit for each of the brands where you are on the journey of price increases? And does it at all differ in terms of how you are pricing for some of your exclusive or limited edition products? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning Dana. First, I will start by saying we occupy an incredible position in the market, and we represent tremendous value for the quality and the innovation that we are delivering to consumers, and consumers are recognizing that. We have been seeing AUR growth consistently at Coach for 3 years. And consumers are recognizing the value that we are delivering in the marketplace. Where we are in the journey, we still see runway ahead across all three brands to drive AUR. We see pricing power across our brands, again, with customers recognizing that value. While Coach is further along on this journey, again, and as Todd just mentioned, we see runway ahead to drive more price increases more than offsetting inflationary input cost pressures as we move forward and as we deliver – continue to deliver great value in the market. And in the context of the market, we have seen the Pinnacle Luxury players move price up pretty substantially over the last 3 years. And that creates that white space for all of our brands to position our – and continue to position AUR higher. Again, at Kate Spade and at Stuart Weitzman, continuing to see strong AUR growth in the last quarter over the last year, earlier on the journey, so much more runway ahead in those brands as well.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our question-and-answer session this morning. I will now turn the call over to Joanne for some concluding remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks operator. I want to close by thanking our teams around the world for their passion and commitment. They drove these standout results that we delivered. We delivered record annual revenue this year with double-digit growth at each brand and our digital business reaching $2 billion, along with earnings 20% above last year, so a standout performance. Really clearly demonstrating the strength of our brands and the power of our transformation which positions us well for the future. We have significant long-term runway. And through a continued focus on the customer and commitment to brand building, I am confident in our ability to drive sustainable growth going forward. I am looking forward to sharing more details on our long-term roadmap at our Investor Day next month, and I hope to see you all there. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude the Tapestry earnings call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-05-12 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to this Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, you will have an opportunity to ask questions during the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our third quarter results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Roe, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer and Head of Strategy. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website, www.tapestry.com/investors, and then view the earnings release and the presentation slides posted today. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with third quarter highlights for Tapestry and our brands. Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities and outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. Our third quarter results were well ahead of our expectations despite the challenging environment. We drove increased customer demand across our portfolio, resulting in double-digit top line growth at Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, and EPS well ahead of our outlook. Our continued outperformance demonstrates the vibrancy of our brands, the power of our digitally enabled platform and the successful execution of our strategy by our talented teams around the world. Importantly, our progress reinforces the significant runway we have ahead of us as we harness our unique blend of magic and logic. The combination of iconic brands amplified by an agile and data-rich operating model creates tremendous opportunity. Our brands are at the heart of our company. They occupy distinctive positions in the attractive and resilient accessories market. Each has a rich heritage and substantial potential for growth. This is evidenced by the strengthening brand heat we're seeing through meaningful new customer acquisitions as well as growth with existing customers across our portfolio. We are focused on building lasting relationships with our customers to increase lifetime value through continuous innovation in both our product and the experiences we offer throughout the purchase journey. The opportunities for our brands are enhanced by our platform, which has been transformed to power them to move at the speed of the consumer. We are leaning into our digital leadership, meeting consumers where they want to shop and providing exceptional experiences [Indiscernible]. We're also leveraging our rich consumer data and sophisticated analytics to establish and enrich our customer connections, augmenting our creative processes with a deep understanding of our customers, while bringing faster and more consistent execution to bear. The benefits of investments in digital and data analytics are highlighted by our results over the last two years, and we're still in early innings in terms of unlocking this potential. Our platform also affords the benefits of scale, shared learnings and talent mobility. These advantages are increasingly important in today's rapidly evolving landscape and allow us to have a greater positive impact on our customers, our people and the world at large. Before moving to our recent highlights, I want to recognize those that are being impacted by conflict in Ukraine and by the ongoing ravages of COVID-19 in China and elsewhere. Our hearts go out to them during this turbulent time. Now turning to Tapestry's performance in the third quarter. First, we maintained a consumer-centric lens by leveraging the magic of our brands and our powerful customer data and analytics capabilities to drive improvements in key customer metrics. We acquired over 1.4 million new customers who transacted with our brands across channels in North America, a mid-teens increase compared to the prior year, with continued growth in both stores and [Indiscernible]. Since the start of the Acceleration Program 21 months ago, we have brought in nearly 13 million new customers to our brands. Importantly, these customers purchased at higher AURs and have already returned to shop again at a higher frequency than the average. At the same time, we continue to effectively reactivate lapsed customers while realizing increased average spend, highlighting our focus on driving lifetime value to fuel sustained growth. Overall, the underlying momentum across customer metrics drove our standout performance in North America in the quarter. Second, we continue to lead in digital, driven by the investments we've made in our capabilities online. In the quarter, we delivered sales growth of over 20% in the channel which represented approximately 30% of our total business. As consumers remain extremely engaged in shopping online, we continue to expect to achieve $2 billion in revenue in digital in fiscal '22 with further runway ahead. Third, we continue to see pricing power across the portfolio and realized another quarter of global AUR gains in each brand's core category. Importantly, we have seen no negative impact on customer demand from these price increases, highlighting our value proposition, brand relevance and the increasing traction of our product offering. And fourth, touching on China, our business was impacted by COVID-related restrictions in the quarter. Although we expect these headwinds to continue in the near term, we remain optimistic given the proven resilience of the Chinese consumer and the long-term opportunity for growth. Overall, brand awareness and handbag purchase intent in China remains high, reflecting the quality of our efforts to build brand equity with Chinese consumers. In summary, we continue to make meaningful progress supported by the Acceleration Program and we are confident in our ability to drive sustainable growth going forward. I will now touch on third quarter highlights for each of our brands, starting with Coach. We drove another quarter of top and bottom line outperformance, achieving a sales increase of 11% compared to prior year, including a nearly 20% gain in North America. This continued growth reflects our consumer-centric strategy and agile execution and underscores the significant potential ahead for the brand. During the quarter, Coach continued to advance its strategic initiatives. First, we delivered a focused and compelling product assortment across categories. Our iconic leather goods families are the foundation of our assortment and fuel consistent growth. Taavi, Rogue, Field and Willow were our top-selling groups in the quarter, driving half of retail's handbag revenue. To continue to spark consumer interest, we've animated these families with new colorways, fabrics and embellishments. Outside of our core styles, the studio bag, featuring a push lock C closure, resonated with consumers, while the launch of the new Hero shoulder bag, posting a horse and carriage snap closure, outpaced our expectations. In our lifestyle categories, we're driving outsized growth yet remain underpenetrated versus the market. In both footwear and ready-to-wear, customers are embracing our highly branded pieces, reinforcing Coach's desirability and the incremental commercial opportunities these categories represent currently and over the long term. Second, we continue to build brand awareness within men and delivered over 20% growth in the quarter, led by strength across backpacks, ready-to-wear and footwear. Importantly, given the success, we expect to approach $950 million in revenue this fiscal year, closing in on our near-term target to reach $1 billion in sales. Third, our product offering was further enhanced by the use of data, which provides customer insights and analytics to support new, more agile ways of working and higher SKU productivity. Together, this supported a significant pullback in promotions and drove full-price selling, resulting in an increase in global handbag AUR. In North America, handbag AUR rose at a high single-digit pace, marking 12 consecutive quarters of gain. Our momentum and the customer's response to the style and craftsmanship of our product reinforces Coach's pricing power and a further opportunity to increase prices to offset inflationary cost pressures. While we have raised prices selectively over the last quarter, the majority of the benefit will be realized at Coach beginning in fiscal year '23. Fourth, we drove customer engagement through 360-degree marketing activations. We amplified our spring product introductions on social platforms, notably TikTok, targeting Gen Z and millennial consumers. Additionally, building on the success of the brand's February fashion show themed Somewhere in America, we created localized, immersive experiences through a collection of pop-ups across the globe, including a Coach Laundromat, convenience store and bagel shops. These fun and unexpected venues enabled us to attract new customers and expand the way our brand is perceived. We also emphasized our values through the Coach (Re)Loved Program, an opportunity to engage with the customer in different ways by offering circular pathways for our products, whether through upcrafting, restoring or remaking. Given the success of the program thus far, we've expanded its reach across our North America retail stores. Overall, the combination of these actions drove further improvements in customer metrics, including the acquisition of over 800,000 new customers transacting in North America channels. At the same time, purchase frequency again rose, and we reactivated lapsed customers at an increasing rate. Fifth and finally, we again drove outsized revenue growth in the digital channel, which rose nearly 25% compared to last year or more than 5 times where we were three years ago. In the quarter, e-commerce represented nearly 30% of sales. In closing, Coach is consistently building momentum, reflecting the new and innovative ways we're engaging with consumers. Based on our underlying growth, we continue to expect the brand to approach $5 billion in revenue this fiscal year while maintaining exceptional margins despite the COVID-related challenges we're facing. Looking ahead, we have significant runway to drive growth across our product offering by enhancing our leadership position in leather goods and delivering outsized gains in men's and our lifestyle categories. Additionally, we see meaningful long-term potential across high-growth channels and geographies, such as digital and China, given consumer demand and the brand's value proposition. Taken together, we remain confident in Coach's ability to gain market share, given increasing brand heat and the relationships we're fostering with our growing customer base. Now moving to Kate Spade. Sales and operating income significantly outperformed expectations once again this quarter. Revenue rose 19%, which included a 25% increase in our North America business. The brand continues to gain momentum as we forge connections with our customers by leaning into Kate Spade's unique positioning within the market. Overall, our strong results year-to-date speak to the relevance and clarity of our brand purpose and underscore that we have the right strategy in place to drive sustainable growth over the long term. Turning to progress against our strategic priorities in the third quarter. First, we amplified key platforms as we continue to build and innovate our core product offering while infusing newness in our novelty platform. Within handbags, success was balanced across our core styles and new introductions. The Knott remained our number one collection, which we expanded to include a crossbody tote. At the same time, recently launched styles, such as the Carlyle and Avenue outperformed expectations. Further, we invested in novelty introductions that demonstrate the brand's unique personality and play a key role in storytelling to drive interest and engagement with consumers. This quarter's offering featured handbag shaped as flowers, tennis balls and butterflies. These styles won with our highest-value customers and they carry AUR well ahead of the average. Importantly, this strong performance as well as deliberate actions to decrease promotional activity and strategically raise prices resulted in nearly 20% global handbag AUR growth. Second, we drove brand heat by engaging the consumer through emotional storytelling and a community-driven approach in keeping with our DNA. Our floral-focused spring campaign reinforced our brand purpose by evoking the color and joy that Kate Spade is known for. We delighted our community with the opening of an experiential Kate Spade townhouse in New York City, which was met with a line of enthusiasts nearly two city blocks long. This pop-up embodied the full brand expression as we offer custom experiences pulled from the pages of our new Kate Spade book and also included a preview of our upcoming fall collection. Digitally, we increased our reach on social channels, notably TikTok, where we're engaging with a younger and more diverse audience. Importantly, our successful execution of these brand-building activities is underscored by a 3-point sequential increase in brand awareness for surveys hosted in the U.S. by YouGov. Third, we strengthened the foundation of our lifestyle positioning through a focused assortment across ready-to-wear, footwear and jewelry. These categories help boost customer acquisition and engagement and they remain an important driver of purchase frequency. Lifestyle currently represents over 20% of total sales. And looking forward, we see opportunity to grow these categories to serve all customers, boost lifetime value and fuel global expansion. Fourth, we drove strong trends in our e-commerce business, building on Kate Spade's already solid digital presence. Recently, we've implemented live streaming across social platforms to gain further reach for our pop-ups and events, including the Kate Spade townhouse experience. Through continued digital innovation, we fueled mid-teens growth in e-commerce which was nearly double pre-pandemic fiscal year '19 levels. Fifth and finally, we maintained a consumer-centric approach and utilized data to gain a deeper understanding of customer preferences and purchase drivers. Our performance in the quarter was led by higher spend among our existing customer base, including those deeply lapsed. At the same time, our investments in the brand have resulted in continued customer acquisition, adding nearly 600,000 new customers this quarter in our North America direct channel. Stepping back, during the initial phase of Kate Spade's transformation, we focused on rebuilding the brand's foundation and clarifying our purpose. We kept our brand vision at the forefront of our strategy as we set out to re-establish our core products and customer base. Today, as a result of these efforts, we are clear in our positioning within the market with consistent results that indicate our increasing traction. Looking ahead, our next phase is to weave the why of Kate Spade into our mission, expression and execution to connect more deeply with our community. We're harnessing the power of the brand to drive growth, enabled by diversified categories and a balanced global distribution. We also continue to be laser-focused on delivering higher AUR, building on our recent success. This will be a key element of capturing the significant margin potential we see in front of us. Overall, we remain incredibly excited for the opportunity ahead and remain confident in our ability to achieve $2 billion in revenue and a high-teens operating margin over the planning horizon. Turning to Stuart Weitzman. During the quarter, the brand continued to make progress against its growth strategies. First, we delivered significant operating margin expansion, reflecting the bold and nimble execution by the Stuart Weitzman team in the face of a challenging environment. Importantly, despite a deterioration in trends in China due to COVID, we remain confident in our ability to return to profitability this fiscal year. We're leaning into the strength we're seeing in North America, notably in the wholesale channel, which is helping to offset the pressures in China. Second, we maintained a consumer-centric strategy by leveraging our data analytics capabilities to deliver a compelling assortment for our customers as we capitalize on the recent market shift toward occasion wear. Sandals fueled the quarter's demand as iconic styles, including the nearly nude as well as new introductions such as the rider platform and summer wedge resonated with customers, specifically millennials. In addition, we introduced the versatile and timeless Stuart pump, which exceeded expectations and has been well received for return to work. Our streamlined and relevant offering, coupled with lower promotional activity and select price increases, drove AUR growth in the quarter. In fact, AUR rose over 20% in North America. Looking ahead, we see further opportunity to increase prices while maintaining our positioning within the overall market. Third, we fueled brand heat through focused narrative backed by emotional and relevant marketing. Our spring campaign features the mother-daughter duo of Kate Hudson and Goldie Hawn, wearing the Alina platform and Stuart pump, all of which became a top 10 style following the launch. Our engaging messaging helped to drive recruitment of new customers at a double-digit rate while continuing to reengage and reactivate clients. Fourth, we gained momentum in the wholesale channel. Stuart Weitzman has now re-established a presence in all Nordstrom full-price stores in North America, representing significant progress from where we were just one year ago. At the same time, we've added depth within our international luxury accounts across Europe. Fifth and finally, we continue to invest in digital and delivered a double-digit increase in demand. While digital now represents 20% of global sales, an increase of 5 points compared to fiscal year '19 pre-pandemic levels, we still see runway ahead. Overall, Stuart Weitzman remains on track to deliver a profitable year in fiscal year '22 fueled by better-than-expected performance in North America. The brand's product and marketing initiatives, coupled with solid execution, continue to drive results. We are confident in our significant top and bottom line improvements long term as we build brand awareness globally and capitalize on the recovery in China, where Stuart Weitzman has a strong position. In closing, Tapestry is a powerful combination of iconic brands that offer tremendous value for our customers and a platform that has been transformed to drive innovation and customer engagement. Our foundation is solid and our brands are poised for growth. Further, we participate in advantaged categories that have increased at mid- to high single-digit rate over time and have proven resilient in the face of macroeconomic shocks and global crisis. These categories serve an important emotional and functional need for consumers which is as relevant today as ever before. With the resilient nature of our categories, the attractive positioning of our brands and the emotional connections we are building with our customers, we are confident in the significant runway ahead. We look forward to discussing each of these elements in more detail along with our road map for continued growth at our upcoming Investor Day in September. With that, I'll turn it over to Scott, who will discuss our financial results, capital priorities and fiscal '22 outlook. Scott?
Scott Roe: Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter performance beat our expectations fueled by our North American business. In addition, we utilized our free cash flow to return over $550 million to shareholders through share repurchases and our dividend payment. While the external environment remains difficult, our teams are continuing to effectively navigate the backdrop by focusing on the factors within our control. Turning to the details of the quarter. Revenue rose 13% compared to prior year, including double-digit growth at each of our brands. By region, North America fueled our results, delivering 22% growth amid a strong consumer backdrop. Sales in Greater China declined at a low-teens rate. This included a mid-teens decline in Mainland China, so it still represented a 20% increase in revenue compared to FY '19 pre-pandemic levels. And to give more color on China, while the quarter started off with year-over-year growth, trends weakened due to pressures from COVID-related restrictions, including declines in traffic with locked down cities as well as throughout the balance of the region. By the end of March, over 40% of our mainland store base was closed or operating on modified hours and our regional distribution center located in Shanghai temporarily shut down. Digital sales growth of over 20% was not sufficient to offset pressure to our stores and wholesale businesses. We're continuing to navigate these near-term headwinds and believe in the resiliency of the Chinese consumers. In Japan, excluding the headwind from currency, revenue increased mid-single digits compared to the prior year as COVID lockdowns and cases eased in the region. And in Europe, sales rose nearly 60% against last year. While year-over-year trends have improved in both Japan and Europe from an increased focus on the domestic consumer, revenue remains below FY '19 pre-pandemic levels due to the continued lack of tourist inflows. In the balance of Asia, trends accelerated sequentially, rising over 45%, driven by Malaysia and Singapore. By channel, top line results were led by continued outperformance in the margin-accretive digital channel, which grew over 20% in the quarter. In addition, we saw further strength in wholesale and growth in stores compared to the prior year. Moving down the P&L. Gross margin was better than expected due primarily to higher full price sell-throughs and lower discounting. As a reminder, while our results included 440 basis points or $63 million of pressure from incremental freight, our underlying trends remain strong, given our better use of data analytics to improve assortment planning and marketing messaging as well as strategic price increases at each of our brands. SG&A rose 14% compared to the prior year, reflecting a 260 basis point increase in our marketing spend as we continue to invest in brand-building activities while leveraging across the balance of our expense base. Overall, SG&A was in line with our expectations even with the top line beat. So taken together, operating income was better than forecast due to revenue outperformance, favorable gross margin and well-controlled SG&A. Earnings per diluted share for the quarter was $0.51, in line with prior year and well ahead of our expectations. Now turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter in a strong position with $1.07 billion in cash and investments and total borrowings of $1.59 billion. Inventory at quarter end was 30% above prior year, primarily due to in-transits, which remained elevated in light of continuing industry-wide supply chain and logistics challenges. To this point, on-hand inventory was up low single digits. As a reminder, we have adjusted the timing of our buys and recognition of elongated lead times supported by investments in core styles. Overall, we're pleased with the makeup of our current inventory which supports our future growth expectations. Moving to our capital allocation priorities. Based on our strong results year-to-date, significant free cash flow generation, robust balance sheet and outlook for growth, we're now on track to return approximately $1.9 billion to shareholders in fiscal 2022, an increase from the prior outlook of over $1.5 billion. We've raised our share buyback expectations for the fiscal year and now anticipate the repurchase of $1.6 billion in common stock which includes $1.25 billion bought back through Q3. Our shareholder return plans continue to assume approximately $270 million through our dividend program. In addition, our Board of Directors have approved a new $1.5 billion share repurchase program, which we expect to begin utilizing in fiscal 2023, highlighting our confidence in the company's trajectory for growth. These capital deployment plans underscore our commitment to our shareholders and our confidence in the momentum of our business. Overall, our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. First, we're investing in the business to drive long-term profitable growth; and second, we're returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Touching on our capital structure. Subsequent to quarter end, we refinanced our existing credit facility by entering into a new credit facility which extends maturity, upsizes the revolver to $1.25 billion and includes the $500 million five-year term loan. The proceeds from this term loan will be utilized to repay our July 2022 bonds totaling $400 million by the end of the fiscal year and for general corporate purposes. These actions support the company's incremental share repurchase activity while maintaining a strong liquidity position and financial flexibility. Now moving to our fiscal 2022 outlook, which replaces all previously issued guidance. As noted in our release, we're modifying our outlook for the fiscal year. Let's peel back the layers and associated EPS impacts. First, escalating COVID-related headwinds in Greater China have had a greater impact than previously anticipated, representing approximately $0.25 to $0.30 of pressure. Second, due to uncertain legislative timing, we have now removed the assumption that GSP would be reinstated with retroactive benefit in the fiscal year from our outlook. This translates to a negative impact of approximately $0.17. On the other hand, we're reflecting $0.25 to $0.30 tailwind, primarily due to the healthy underlying momentum across the rest of the world, notably North America, and inclusive of a $0.04 contribution from higher share repurchase activity. Turning to the details of our guide. Please note that all growth rates compared to prior year are on a comparable 52-week basis excluding the impact of our 53rd week last year. We expect revenue to be approximately $6.7 billion, which would mark a record for the company. This represents a high-teens increase compared to fiscal '21, with double-digit increases in each brand. For the fourth quarter specifically, we would expect continued strength in North America and Europe, with accelerating growth in the rest of Asia, which is helping to partially offset the near-term COVID-related disruption in China. In Greater China, we're now anticipating a revenue decline of approximately 35% in the fourth quarter. On the Mainland specifically, we're assuming that Shanghai lockdowns will be lifted at the beginning of June, followed by gradual improvements thereafter. In addition, our guidance incorporates the expectation that our regional distribution center will reopen in mid-May. Of note, we've not assumed full lockdowns in other major cities. For the year, we've anticipated a gross margin decline compared to the prior year, assuming, first, a headwind of approximately $175 million or 260 basis points of margin associated with increased freight expense. This includes the expectation for a moderating impact in the fourth quarter and into the next fiscal year. And second, geographic mix pressure due to China, a high-margin business. These impacts are being partially offset by AUR growth across brands through lower promotions supported by enhanced SKU productivity as well as select price increases. Thus far, the AUR gains we realized have largely been driven by lower promotional activity. We would expect to see further benefits from pricing actions beginning in fiscal year '23. Finally, as mentioned, we have removed the retroactive benefit associated with the reinstatement of GSP from our outlook and now anticipate paying the associated duties in the fourth quarter as we have in the previous five quarters. Turning to SG&A. We continue to anticipate modest leverage for the fiscal year. This incorporates the expectation for $300 million in structural gross run rate expense savings from the acceleration program. Importantly, we're continuing to utilize these savings to reinvest in areas of the business that fuel long-term growth, notably digital and marketing. So taken together, we now expect operating margin to decline over 70 basis points compared to the prior year. Net interest expense for the year is anticipated to be approximately $62 million. In addition, our guidance contemplates a fiscal year tax rate of 18%, assuming a continuation of current tax laws. We expect weighted average diluted share count to be in the area of 271 million shares. This reflects the $350 million increase to our share buyback expectations. We anticipate EPS to be in the area of $3.45, representing nearly 20% growth compared to the prior year. For the fourth quarter, this guidance implies high-teens earnings growth, outpacing the high single-digit revenue increase on a 13-week basis. Finally, we now plan to deploy approximately $180 million towards capital expenditures and cloud computing implementation costs in the fiscal year. In closing, we continue to leverage the benefits of our transformed, diversified business model and strong underlying trends, notably in North America. The opportunity ahead for Tapestry and each of our brands is meaningful, and we remain focused on driving sustainable growth and total shareholder return. In addition, we're generating significant free cash flow and now plan to return approximately $1.9 billion to shareholders in this fiscal year alone, further demonstrating our financial strength and confidence in the future. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go first to Bob Drbul with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Bob Drbul: I was wondering, could you talk a little bit more just about the headwinds that you're facing in China? And I guess, conversely, can you talk about more of the positive trends that you're seeing in the rest of the world?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Thank you, Bob. Overall, I'm seeing strength and momentum across our business. In our third quarter, we delivered strong growth in all regions outside of China, more than offsetting the headwinds we saw in China. We talked about in our prepared remarks the strong growth in North America at 22%. We also saw strength in Europe, in Japan and rest of Asia, which again more than offset the temporary headwinds we're seeing in China due to COVID and really showing the resilience of our model. We delivered double-digit global growth in Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman in the quarter. Tapestry is a powerful combination of iconic brands and we have a transformed platform that's driving innovation and customer engagement. And I see us gaining traction across our brands. We're continuing to acquire new customers. We're driving growth and increased spending from our existing customer base. And our Q3 performance really highlights the strength and the underlying trends we're seeing in the business. Our outlook for the year reflects continued headwinds in China, mostly offset with continued outperformance across the rest of our regions, mainly North America. And our outlook also represents record top line sales for the year for Tapestry at $6.7 billion.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Ike Boruchow: Just -- it's a pretty dynamic world we're in clearly. I guess, Joanne or Scott, when I think about the potential for GSP to hit next fiscal year in this renewed authorization $1.5 billion, it seems like you have the dry powder to drive another 10% earnings growth next fiscal year. And you probably don't want to get explicit, but could you give us some guardrails on how to think about, after we get through Q4, just how to think about the next 12 months given all the puts and takes in the business right now?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, I'll kick this off to Scott for maybe the dynamics of the financials. But what I can tell you is that our business continues to gain strength and we're seeing that in all of our brand metrics and in our consumer metrics. And our focus has been on, throughout the Acceleration Program, really transforming our company and strengthening our brands. And we're seeing increasing traction that provides our confidence and underpins our confidence in the potential for further growth as we move forward. But I'll ask Scott to give you a little bit of the dynamics and the demands of the P&L.
Scott Roe: You’re right. We’re not going to give guidance. If I think about just sort of the factors, listen, we've got really strong brands that have momentum, that are positioned well against really resilient categories. And we've seen this over a long period of time and some very volatile environments in the past as well. I mean our consumers engage and continues to respond. We also have pricing power. We've talked a lot about that AUR which gives me confidence in our ability to maintain margins over time. So the combination of great brands, well positioned and the ability to maintain margins means we can continue to invest in driving our business and our digital capabilities and our marketing, we transformed this P&L over the last couple of years. And that gives me confidence in our ability to continue to drive top and bottom line. And the last thing I'd say is this [Indiscernible] that's really been remade over the last two years, and you saw that in our guidance today. We're actively returning that cash to shareholders. So that's another driver or lever in terms of earnings as we look forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Oliver Chen with Cowen.
Oliver Chen: The average unit retail momentum has been really impressive. What's ahead with the promotional activity profile? What should we assume in our models there? And also regarding pricing actions, specifically at Coach brand, would love further detail on what you see as opportunity ahead and how you're balancing this against the consumer environment which sounds quite robust in the U.S.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Oliver, we are seeing pricing power across all of our brands. We're delivering beautiful products at great prices and consumers continue to recognize the value we're delivering. We've seen no consumer pushback on the price increases. And we've spent time to make sure we're keeping the consumer at the center and through our transformation efforts using data to improve our assortment. So the combination of magic and logic is coming to bear and enabling us to take pricing. Again, seeing no pushback. Coach, I'll let Todd talk about what we're seeing, but almost three years of continued AUR growth. But at Kate and Stuart, we're really just beginning the journey and we see further opportunity, particularly because we see European luxury driving price increases, there's more wide space for our brand, and the customer continues to recognize the value that we represent in the market.
Todd Kahn: Yes. Just building on what Joanne said. First, you think about the new customers that come into the brand in the last 2.5, 3 years, and even in this last quarter we saw 800,000 new customers coming to the brand. So they're experiencing Coach at elevated prices. And that's what you see with the AUR growth. We feel really good about where we're at and how much room we have because, first of all, we built our iconic style. We're amplifying those styles. We're making compelling stories around them. We're creating a value proposition. And as Joanne alluded to, when you think about where Coach is positioned today relative to traditional European luxury, there is more white space now than has ever existed. And I just see that as tremendous opportunity for continued growth on our AURs, on our initial pricing. And we will continue to maintain the discipline of not going back to periods where the brand was highly discounted.
Oliver Chen: Just a follow-up on the cloud investment regarding customer data platforms as well as on IDFA and privacy. Are there thoughts on why the cloud makes sense now and how that may plug into agility in managing speed as well as the personalization efforts?
Scott Roe: Can I just jump in, Joanne. Just one clarification, we've always been in the cloud, right? And so there is some accounting changes which caused some geography differences from a reporting standpoint, but we’ve started talking more overtly about the cloud. But just to know, that's not necessarily a change in direction. That's just a change in geography based on some of the more recent pronouncements that have come out and just being in line with that Sorry, Joanne.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Oliver, your point is a good one. However, the technology infrastructure that we've invested in over time is critical in allowing us the agility to take advantage of this rich data that we have. And again, we're a 90% direct-to-consumer company. We have rich data that is -- it's our data, we understand our customers and we're able to leverage that with tools and technology. And innovation in the space is happening very quickly. So it is critical for us to have a platform, a technology platform that allows us to take advantage of the data that we have, to turn that data into insight, put that in the hands of decision-makers in our organization and move with speed to adopt a new technology as innovations are happening in the space. So that's been our focus. As Scott mentioned, it's -- it's been our focus for a while, but it is a critical underpinning of our ability to [Indiscernible]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will go next to Mark Altschwager with Baird. Your line is open.
Mark Altschwager: So I mean it sounds like momentum in North America is very healthy, but I'm just curious, I mean are you seeing any indications of a deceleration in demand in North America over the last couple of months? I mean your brands target a wide range of consumers. Any differences in the trajectory of some of the higher price points at retail versus outlet? And then it looks like your SG&A outlook for modest leverage is unchanged despite some of the global sales headwinds, understanding the macros are out of your control. Just curious how we should think about your ability to protect margin should a slowdown present itself in the coming months?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Let me kick it off with what we're seeing in the consumer. And what I can tell you is that we're seeing a strong consumer that's increasing their engagement with our category and with our brands. You can see that in the numbers we're putting up, but we're continuing to see strong growth in customer acquisition. 1.4 million customers in the third quarter alone. That's 13 million new customers over the last 21 months since we've launched our Acceleration Program. And we see that, that consumer is increasingly younger, a younger consumer and has been transacting at higher AUR and they're coming back to our brands more frequently. And I think that leads you to -- handbags in our category, handbag and footwear have remained an emotional purchase, both emotional and [Indiscernible] for our consumer. And as the world has reopened and consumers are increasing their connection in the real world and occasions and return to work, we see that driving demand across our categories and across our brands. We're driving increasing brand heat and, as I said, the emotional connection with our consumers is growing. So we feel well positioned moving forward. And as it relates to SG&A, I'll let Scott maybe talk a little bit about what we're seeing there. But I would also say that we are seeing pricing power in our -- across our brands. So consumers are engaging with our brands and the brands have established pricing power. And we see wide space in the market given the value that we represent. And that, we believe is -- and we feel confident will be offsetting inflationary pressures as we move forward.
Scott Roe: Yes, the only thing I would add, Mark, is first of all, we continue -- we're playing our long game, right? We're seeing the benefits of the investments that we've been making over the last couple of years pay off in terms of consumer acquisition, brand momentum, et cetera. And our understanding of that consumer through data and analytics and meeting her where she wants to be from a digital and omnichannel, we're seeing that, that works. Just a reminder though, on the other hand, we have our eyes open, we see the same macro issues. But right now, our consumer is engaged and responding. And one thing also to remember is about 8% of our investments are around marketing, right? So those are truly variable as we see the dynamic change. But honestly, right now, it's driving our business. And we see a healthy consumer, we continue to lean in. So right now, our posture is more offensive than defensive.
Todd Kahn: And just to add for Coach very specifically. We've come off of a very strong, and I know our sister brands have as well, Mother's Day. That gives us a lot of confidence in the future. And even in Japan, Golden Week was very strong for us. And one question you asked about AUR growth. We've had AUR growth across all of our channels. So it isn't just concentrated at the bottom or at the top. We're taking it up across all of our price points. So that's really powerful for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael Binetti: Scott, just a few housekeeping little ones quickly and then a bigger question -- bigger-picture question. You mentioned the Shanghai DC reopening in mid-May, I think that's pretty quick here. It sounds like you have some pretty clear indications there. Just what you're seeing in your ability to open that soon. And then the comment that you expect freight to improve in fourth quarter and then into fiscal '23. I know it was a little worse than you were initially thinking in the third quarter. So just the moving parts that you see there. But then I guess backing up to go off Ike's question a little bit earlier, I think what -- you guys are controlling the controllables so well. I don't really think what's going on in China and GSP really have much to do with you. Margins are great. And Scott, you've obviously got the treasury buying a lot of stock here. I think where the stock is, the market is very hungry for any kind of downside support to what fiscal '23 could be. Just is there anything that you can offer us to just help us think about what's the minimum that the business can deliver in a reasonable scenario next year?
Scott Roe: Yes. Let me start, Michael. I think, generally, my comment is I think you got it pretty much right in terms of the way you characterize that. The DC is a slow reopening, and we do have some line of sight. We actually are open on a very limited basis. And without getting too far in the weeds, we're getting approvals from the local authorities to do a slow restart and that gives us confidence that it will continue. Of course, we don't have absolute knowledge of that, but signs are positive. And likewise, the reopening at the beginning of June. I would say it this way, Michael. We have taken the best information that we know today and giving you the best indication of what we believe that slow reopening will look like. Of course, it's out of our control, but it's the best information that we have today. And I think it's a reasonable estimate based on what our line of sight is. I'm guessing Joanne will make a broader comment. But just a reminder, we really can't give you '23 guidance at this point. But 90 days from now, we will, right? We'll come back and we'll give our guidance and then followed in early September by an Investor Day to give you a longer-term view. I would just refer back to earlier comments, I think it was from maybe Ike's question earlier, listen, we're in great categories, strong brands, well positioned in resilient great categories, which has proven to be a good indicator of top line growth, and we have pricing power and our ability to maintain margins. And to me, that's what holds the model together and gives us confidence in the future.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. And I'll just reiterate that we are optimistic about the future, Michael. We're driving both the brand health metrics and the consumer metrics and are gaining traction in our strategies in terms of leveraging those. Our data, bringing magic and logic together and driving our business forward. And Scott alluded to earlier, we've invested and we'll continue to invest in brand building. We have made substantial investments and they're working, they're paying off, and we see that continuing. We've acquired 13 million new customers across our brands in the last 21 months. We see those customers engaging with our brands through the innovation and product and innovation and marketing, and they're coming back to our brands more frequently, and we'll continue to leverage that for growth going forward. And we are looking forward to providing more discrete details at our year-end call on what '23 looks like. But our brands and our company are poised for growth.
Scott Roe: I forgot to cover one point you asked about which was the freight. And the freight picture has really not changed overall, a little pluses and minuses here and there, but 260 basis points, about $175 million for the full year. If you recall last quarter, I said it's a little bit hard to exactly know when it's going to turn into the P&L because it attaches to the underlying inventory. I mean the business is strong, so more sold through in the quarter, right? But if we look at the overall picture, our -- we've really curtailed our expedited freight or air freight already. It will take a while for that to move through the P&L. If you do the math, it says there's about $35 million in the fourth quarter of additional freight. That's about 210 basis points. And that's a little less than half of what we saw in the third quarter. So it's following that same curve that we laid out in the past, and there's really no new news there in terms of what we're seeing in freight.
Michael Binetti: So at the moment already in inventory, you see it moving through. Okay. I appreciate.
Operator: We'll go next to Brook Roche with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brook Roche: Can you provide a little bit more context on your philosophy on capital allocation and how you're thinking about that balance between reinvesting in the business to drive that future growth versus returning capital via repurchases? As you look over the course of the next one to three years, what are the most important internal areas of investments that we should be planning for? And where have you pulled forward those investments since the inception of the Acceleration Program that should provide support if a downside scenario does materialize?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Let me kick it off and maybe toss it to Scott to add any more details. But we've been aggressive and rigorous about allocating capital. And we believe, as our first priority, in investing in our business. And the good news is we're seeing really strong returns on those investments. We're investing in brand building capabilities across our company. And we've transformed our company over the last couple of years. We're a different company than we were two years ago based on these investments. We're leaning into our digital capabilities and our data and analytics capabilities and developing not only -- it's not only systems, it's process, it's the ways of working, it's the investments we've made in talent that are helping to drive our business. And we're -- as I said, we're seeing really strong returns. Again, those are primarily, the investments we're making, are in digital and in -- and in marketing. You've seen us invest in fulfillment. We broke ground on a fulfillment center on the West Coast of the U.S. We're adding automation to that fulfillment center. We're engaging consumers more and more in digital channels and those capabilities have been driven by the investments, the very intentional investments we've made. So that is our first priority. We also -- we're optimistic about Tapestry's future. And you've also seen us make a substantial increase in our buyback program, including the new authorization. And we're confident that over time we'll continue to drive growth through our brand building investment and return cash to shareholders. I don't know, Scott, if there's any more detail that you want to provide.
Scott Roe: The only thing I would say is capital allocation priorities, just to restate them, invest in the business, dividends growing faster than earnings and then returning excess cash. Remember, coming from the early days of the pandemic, we're able to actually spend more and to return more than our annual cash flow because we had increased our maintenance capital in light of the early days of COVID. So we had the good fortune of being able to be in a really strong, relatively low leverage cash position and at the same time saw the intrinsic value of our shares dislocated from what the market reality is were. So we have leaned in, right? And I think the way I would say about it is it's not a change in priorities, but this is a cash-generative machine. It's cash -- free cash flow is about 2 times what it was pre-pandemic. And you should think of us as disciplined capital allocator. So as we continue to generate this free cash flow, we're going to invest first in our business, we're going to grow our dividend and you should think about returning cash through share repurchases programmatically over a period of time. This will be another lever for price appreciation over the long term.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Omar Saad with Evercore. Your line is open.
Omar Saad: Wanted to dive a little bit deeper on the handbag trends kind of across the brands and in the industry. It feels like you guys have AURs up a lot, especially on a multiyear basis for the Coach brand. We're hearing that from other players in the marketplace. Is it fair to assume that kind of unit volumes in the handbag category versus, let's say, 2019 are substantially down industry-wide in the kind of aspirational category? And is there a chance for meaningful unit growth even in this kind of inflationary environment kind of going forward?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Let me start off and then I'll [Indiscernible]. But we are seeing pricing power across our brands which is a really good thing for our business. We've been focused on driving higher AURs [Indiscernible] by the healthy business and that's been working. Our focus on the consumer, bringing data to bear, managing inventories better, leveraging data and analytics to drive SKU productivity are all helping us drive higher AURs. And it is price at this point that is driving our results versus units. And again, we think that's a good thing and healthy for our business. But we continue to see opportunities to drive growth. And we're doing that by attracting more customers to our brands and engaging more customers in our brands. And that gives us a platform to continue to drive lifetime value. I mentioned earlier that the new customers that we're acquiring [Indiscernible] younger consumers, which is great for our brands and they're coming back and transacting with our brands with higher frequency. So we see opportunities there. We see opportunities geographically to continue to drive growth. And so a lot of levers we can pull, including driving higher lifetime value across our customer base. But Todd, I'll toss it to you for a little more color on Coach.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. We are -- we have not hit our unit counts from '19 but the delta has shrunk pretty dramatically. And I see that as an opportunity for us. And all of the things that Joanne mentioned, the lifetime value, the increased AUR, the overall complexion of our customer is changing. And beyond women, we're very excited about the opportunity in men's. We're about a year ahead of our goal of getting to a $1 billion men's business. And what we like about that is it adds new customers to our mix and the brand. And when you think about it, we merchandising, we call them men, often, it's an all-gender program. But what I also am very excited about in the last year, we've added 1.5 million male customers into the brand. And when you think about opportunities and AUR growth there, particularly in those categories, where some of our highest AURs in the company. So I feel really good about the room we have, the new customers, the frequency of purchase will eventually get us to both AUR growth from pricing, but also unit growth.
Operator: We will take our final question today from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. Your line is open.
Adrienne Yih: Congrats on the progress. You can see it in the frontline stores in particular, no promos. Scott, my question is for you. Can you give us an update sort of on what the state of the China market looks like? Maybe some color on digital versus stores. Obviously, e-commerce has been able to be delivered. Are you seeing any improvement in that front, the distribution of stores in Tier 1 cities. Just like anything that you can give us with regard to what the current state of affairs is, seeing any signs of improvement current day to get to that kind of June reopening target.
Scott Roe: Yes, sure, Adrienne. Maybe I'll start and one of my colleagues might want to jump in, too. Listen, the -- I think I already mentioned the ADC, our Asian Distribution Center that we're starting to see some modest reopening. We are seeing some stores going back online here and there. But I would say, by and large, not a major change in condition and that's been reflected in the outlook that we just gave. Just to put some numbers on it. Our China expectation for the fourth quarter is down about 35% as we -- which is baked into our outlook. And that again has the slow reopening starting in June is our expectation.
Adrienne Yih: And just a quick reminder. The Tier 1 cities -- are you primarily in the Tier 1 cities right now? I know there were some stores in Tier 2, but not a lot. So if you assume 80% is in Tier 1 in the lockdown cities.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. We have a broad footprint across China. So we're not just in Tier 1 cities. And to Scott's point, we are seeing impact across -- broadly across the region. And our business was strong entering the third quarter and prior to the COVID disruptions. And as we saw the COVID disruptions rolling through the region, we saw traffic declines in the lockdown areas, but also more broadly across the regions as traffic was curtailed. I think it's also important to note that the strength coming into the quarter pre-disruption and the research we've done in the market continue to confirm that our brand health in the market is strong and consumer sentiment continues to be strong. So we're navigating the near-term headwinds, but we feel well positioned as China recovers to continue to drive growth, both during the recovery period and long term in the market.
Todd Kahn: And the only thing I'd like just to add for the Coach. First, and it's all of our Tapestry in place, we have an incredibly fantastic team on the ground in China. The resilience that they have shown through this and the creativity is -- I mean I am in awe of what they are able to do even in pretty tough conditions. And just in the last month or so, we've seen a real increase in virtual selling and that is something that could be really interesting as and an, not and or, when the stores reopen. So again, our teams are incredibly creative, they're resilient and it gives us that much more confidence that when these events end, we'll have an even greater runway and connectivity with our clients there.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, thanks. I'll say a few words just to wrap up. First, to build on what Todd was just talking about, I want to thank, first and foremost, our teams around the world for their relentless focus on the customer. This is continuing to drive our strong results. And our thoughts are especially with our teams in China who are navigating COVID and supporting each other during this difficult time. As you've seen in our results, our business is performing and I'm even more confident [Indiscernible] in a rapidly changing environment. Tapestry has tremendous runway for growth, with a positioning that's both unique and advantaged. Our powerful iconic brands are uniting magic and logic to deliver compelling [Indiscernible]. We play in attractive category that has proven durable high growth. We have a diversified direct-to-consumer business model. And we've transformed our platform with digital leadership is fuelling customer engagement. Our strong underline momentum is particularly evident in customer matrix we highlighted today. Long term we’re playing offense and lining in our conviction is reflected in our capital allocation actions, we’re investing in brands building as well as accelerating and increasing our share purchase given the significant growth potential ahead. So thanks for joining us this morning, and have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-02-10 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to this Tapestry conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our second quarter results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Roe, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer and Head of Strategy. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years.  Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance.  Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. In addition, as we continue to anniversary the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we will again be providing financial information compared to FY '20 or pre-pandemic in FY '21, where applicable. For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website www.tapestry.com/investors and then view the earnings release and the presentation posted today.  Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with our second quarter highlights for Tapestry and our brand. Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities and outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks.  I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. We delivered record sales and adjusted earnings in the holiday quarter, highlighted by an inflection at Kate Spade, ongoing momentum at Coach and a return to pre-pandemic revenue levels at Stuart Weitzman. Importantly, we realized the significant acceleration in sales trends, driving strong double-digit growth over pre-pandemic levels and well outpacing our expectations across brands.  We took bold and deliberate actions to deliver for our customers and effectively navigated industry-wide challenges to meet increasing demand for our brands. These results are a testament to the significant transformation of our business, the strong consumer backdrop and engagement with our categories and the ingenuity and agility of our teams across the globe. We are a different company than we were just 18 months ago, backed by the strength of our unique brands and the benefits of our multi-brand platform. Now turning to the highlights from the second quarter. We continue to make meaningful progress against the acceleration program by sharpening our focus on the consumer, leveraging data to lead with a digital-first mindset and working with speed and agility. First, we maintained a consumer-centric lens by utilizing our customer data and analytics capabilities to enhance engagement, resulting in improvements to key customer metrics. We acquired nearly 3 million new customers who transacted with our brands across channels in North America, a low double-digit increase compared to the prior year with growth in both stores and online.  This brings total new customer acquisition to over 11 million over the past 18 months. Importantly, in each brand, we're increasing retention rates and reactivating lapsed customers effectively as we continue to prioritize driving customer lifetime value to fuel sustained growth.  Second, we advanced our digital capabilities through significant investments in the channel to improve the customer experience and drive conversion. We realized another quarter of outperformance with sales up approximately 30% versus last year, nearly 3x pre-pandemic levels. Digital sales represented 1/3 of our total business as customers continued to shop online even as in-store traffic trends improved. Given strong consumer engagement in this channel and the power of our platform, we expect digital to reach $2 billion in revenue in this fiscal year with further runway ahead.  Third, we again increased global AUR at each of our brands, reflecting the power of our brands, the traction of our compelling product assortments and our innovative marketing. In addition, we've benefited from the infusion of data into our decision-making to streamline our offering and tailor messaging to consumers. This has resulted in lower promotions and higher SKU productivity, while also helping to identify opportunities to strategically raise prices to offset inflation.  And fourth, we invested further in our China platform to foster distinctive connections and engagement with Chinese consumers. In the quarter, revenue on the Mainland rose mid-single digits, representing an increase of over 35% compared to fiscal year '20, despite disruption associated with COVID, including travel restrictions, traffic pressure and lockdowns in certain cities.  Greater China revenue rose high single digits in the quarter. Importantly, we continue to resonate with the Chinese consumer globally as sales for this cohort rose low single digits against pre-pandemic levels. In the quarter, sales growth in China was fueled by digital as we continue to innovate and meet consumers where they want to shop. As such, we've expanded our presence on social media platforms while maintaining leadership positions on Tmall and TikTok even as new brands have launched on the platform, highlighting our prominence in the market and strong brand engagement, specifically with younger consumers. In fact, we achieved record sales during 11/11 on Tmall's Luxury Pavilion with Coach as the #1 ranked brand in the handbags, luggage and leather goods category and Stuart Weitzman as the #1 ranked footwear brand.  Looking forward, while we anticipate volatility in the near term due to the pandemic, we remain confident that China represents a meaningful long-term opportunity across our brands. This was reinforced by our recent China brand tracking survey results, which showed handbags and small leather goods as a category where consumers intend to spend more over the next 12 months.  I will now touch on second quarter highlights for each of our brands, starting with Coach. We again outperformed expectations, delivering 24% sales growth compared to last year. Revenue trends accelerated on a 2-year basis, increasing 20% above pre-pandemic level. This strong growth was enabled by the foundational changes we've made to ensure the consumer remains at the forefront of our strategy. As a result, Coach achieved its highest quarter revenue and profitability in nearly 10 years. The brand continues to gain traction with consumers globally across categories and genders, further increasing our confidence in the runway ahead.  During the quarter, Coach made progress against its strategic initiatives. First, we remain focused on building iconic families to create a foundation for our product pipeline in future seasons. Our core assortment, notably the Taavi, Willow and Fields continue to drive our performance. At the same time, newly launched styles, including the studio bag and reinvigorated icons, such as the Rogue resonated with our customer base.  Second, we further infused data into our decision-making to more effectively address the functional and emotional needs of our clients. This enabled a significant pullback in promotions and drove full-price selling, resulting in an increase in global handbag AUR. In North America, handbag AUR rose low double digits, marking the region's 11th consecutive quarter of gains. Our momentum and the customers' response to the style and craftsmanship of our product reinforces Coach's pricing power and the further opportunity to increase prices to offset inflationary cost pressures.  Third, we emphasize the brand's values through approachable messaging, highlighted by our inclusive holiday campaign. In addition, we connected with all audiences through the authentic recreation of Jennifer Lopez's iconic "All I Have" music video, which resulted in strong social engagement. Our marketing initiatives were rounded out by the unique storytelling moments created by our successful Ski capsule including pop-up cabins at Rockefeller Center, a custom-branded virtual game and our first foray into the NFT world featuring characters from the collection, which were claimed in second.  Overall, these actions helped to drive strong customer metrics, including the acquisition of over 1.5 million new customers transacting in North America. At the same time, purchase frequency again rose, and we reactivated lapsed customers at an increasing rate.  Fourth, we again drove strong revenue growth in the digital channel, which rose over 30% compared to last year and has nearly quadrupled since fiscal year '20. We maintained this momentum even as store trends improved, underscoring the long-term opportunity for our online business.  Fifth, we delivered mid-single-digit sales growth in China or an increase of nearly 45% against pre-pandemic level. This improvement was led by outperformance in digital. At the same time, we continued to invest in our physical presence. In keeping with our focus on growing the brand with the emerging middle class, we're adding approximately 10 new Coach stores in the region this year on a net basis, primarily in Tier 3 and 4 cities. We're also renovating key storefronts and expanding our footprint in nontraditional locations to build awareness particularly with younger consumers.  Sixth and finally, we drove double-digit growth in our men's business with notable success in our horse and carriage pattern. We believe men has runway in bags and small leather goods as well as in broader lifestyle categories, increasing our conviction in reaching $1 billion in revenue at high margins over the planning horizon.  In summary, we're combining Coach's iconic history of quality and craftsmanship with new and innovative initiatives to engage with consumers. The continued outperformance of the brand is a direct reflection of the advantages of the Tapestry platform, the benefits of the strategic investments we're making in marketing and our ability to meet the consumer where they want to shop. We're driving sustainable [Technical difficulty] Coach approaching $5 billion in sales in fiscal year '22, while maintaining exceptional margins. Now moving to Kate Spade. Before I turn to the details of the second quarter, I'd like to take a step back to acknowledge the significant transformation and tangible improvements the team has made through the acceleration program. Over the last 18 months, we've returned Kate Spade to the brand our customers know and love. We've rebuilt our product foundation through the introduction and amplification of brand codes, which will serve as the platform for future icons. At the same time, we're maintaining a consumer-centric lens and infusing data into assortment planning and marketing.  In North America, we acquired nearly 5 million new customers and have improved brand awareness. We've also reactivated over 2 million customers during this time frame. In addition, we increased overall digital sales penetration to over 35% as of the most recent quarter as we focus on meeting the customer where they want to shop. And in keeping with the progress we've made to deliver great products, we've grown the brand's global handbag AUR highlighting pricing power for the future. Our work has fueled increasing momentum, giving us further confidence in the long-term opportunity for meaningful sales and market share growth.  Moving to our second quarter. Kate Spade sales grew 33% compared to last year. Importantly, we drove a significant inflection against pre-pandemic levels and realized an 18-point sequential acceleration. At the same time, the brand delivered operating margin expansion ahead of both prior year and pre-pandemic level. These results were fueled by the successful execution of our strategic priorities. First, we maintained a consumer-centric approach, resulting in approximately 1.3 million new customers purchasing with the brand across North America direct channel. At the same time, we continue to drive strong double-digit growth in both existing and reactivated customers by utilizing data to gain a deeper understanding of customer preferences and purchase drivers.  Second, we amplified key platforms as we continue to build and innovate our core product offering, notably our Knott and spade flower jacquard again outperformed expectations. In addition, newly introduced core styles resonated with the consumer, including our Carlyle family [indiscernible] pattern, which brought in a new and younger customer. Importantly, the strong performance of the core offering as well as deliberate actions to decrease promotional activity resulted in low double-digit global handbag AUR growth.  Third, we drove brand heat through activity centered around increasing engagement with the consumer, while reinforcing our brand values to surprise and delight customers. This included new and exciting experiential initiatives such as opening a Disco truck in downtown, Manhattan, offering an exclusive jacquard handbag at a pop-up in Tokyo and wrapping some of [indiscernible] in our signature spade flower. Further, in keeping with the brand heritage, we continue to invest in novelty platforms to maximize our emotional connection with shoppers. The Sequin embellished Slice Pizza bag at an AUR of over $300 was a top novelty performer and it hit across our social media accounts. Overall, these activities to increase brand heat are paying off with growing brand awareness per our most recent U.S. brand tracking survey.  Fourth, we maximized our lifestyle positioning through a focused assortment, including occasion options across ready-to-wear footwear and jewelry that were embellished with emotional details such as Pearls and Rhinestone Bows. Overall, these categories outperformed expectations and helped to boost customer acquisition and engagement as lifestyle remains an important driver of purchase frequency.  Finally, we're building on the brand's already strong digital presence. We've continued to test and learn new ways to foster consumer engagement, such as the infusion of shoppable content through key social media platforms. Our innovative online approach backed by the passionate Kate Spade community helped to drive approximately 30% revenue growth in the channel compared to last year or double pre-pandemic level.  Over the past year, we've rebuilt the brand foundation. These fundamental adjustments are taking hold and unlocking the next phase of growth for Kate Spade. We're continuing to lean into our iconic roots infusing our recently introduced brand codes and delivering strong marketing aligned with our product and values. We are incredibly excited for the opportunity ahead and remain confident in our ability to achieve $2 billion in revenue and high-teens operating margins over the planning horizon.  Turning to Stuart Weitzman. The brand drove significant trend improvements in the holiday quarter, highlighted by 37% revenue growth compared to last year and a return to pre-pandemic sales level. In addition, we delivered improving operating profit with operating margin expanding over 250 basis points. We continue to advance our overall growth strategies in the second quarter. First and importantly, the Stuart Weitzman team delivered the brand's highest quarter of operating income since fiscal year '18. This progress was fueled by the strategic actions we've taken through the acceleration program, notably optimizing our fleet globally, improving our digital foundation and reestablishing our presence with wholesale partners.  Second, we remain focused on digital in China, areas that represent significant long-term growth opportunities. In the quarter, digital sales rose over 35%, representing an increase of approximately 70% compared to 2 years ago at attractive margins. For Mainland China, we delivered growth on both a 1- and 2-year basis.  Third, we maintained a consumer-centric strategy by infusing data analytics into assortment planning and capitalizing on market shifts to "buy now, wear now" styles and dress and occasion wear. This drove the recruitment of new customers at an increasing rate, while continuing to reengage and reactivate clients.  Fourth, we drove brand heat by sparking desire through our product assortment backed by engaging marketing, which featured Kate Hudson for the holiday campaign. We built upon our authority in boots and booties with outperformance in the Nora and Stuart. We also infused newness into our icons, including updated constructions of the lift and the introduction of our Nudistcurve. Our compelling assortment, coupled with higher full price sell-throughs and a reduction in promotional activity drove our second consecutive quarter of AUR growth. Going forward, we see continued opportunity to increase prices while maintaining our positioning within the overall market.  And fifth, the brand continued to regain momentum in the wholesale channel, notably with key domestic full-price partners. Overall, we're making continued progress at Stuart Weitzman and remain on track to drive strong revenue growth with a return to profitability this fiscal year. In closing, our strong holiday results across each of our brands, support the higher revenue and earnings outlook provided today. Importantly, the outperformance we've delivered is a direct reflection of our consumer-centric strategy as we continue to grow our data and consumer insights capabilities to enable increasingly powerful customer engagement. Our momentum also highlights the incredible execution of our team and the agility of our platform as we've successfully navigated the volatile backdrop.  We're continuing to offer compelling and innovative products, underscored by the increased traction and pricing power of each of our brands. I'm confident in the long-term potential of our multi-brand portfolio and look forward to sharing our continued progress as we move forward.  With that, I'll turn it over to Scott, who will discuss our financial results, capital deployment priorities and fiscal '22 outlook. Scott?
Scott Roe: Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. We delivered another quarter of high-quality results, including sales outpacing last year, pre-pandemic levels and expectations despite a difficult backdrop. At the same time, we utilized our strong free cash flow to return over $550 million to shareholders in the quarter through a combination of share repurchases and dividends. Through the acceleration program, we're a fundamentally different company as evidenced by our better use of data, higher digital penetration and stronger margins compared to pre-pandemic levels. We're increasingly building momentum across our portfolio of brands.  Turning now to the details of the second quarter. Revenue increased 27% compared to prior year, outpacing expectations of each brand. Against pre-pandemic level, sales rose 18%, a 9-point sequential acceleration driven by better trends in stores, along with continued strength in the digital channel. By region, North America delivered over 35% revenue growth compared to last year. And the region accelerated to 25% growth on a 2-year basis amid a strong consumer backdrop with increasing demand for all of our brands.  Sales in Greater China rose high single digits, including a mid-single-digit increase in Mainland China. Compared to 2 years ago, the region grew nearly 35%. Trends in both Europe and the balance of Asia improved versus the prior quarter on a 1-year basis, though remain below pre-pandemic levels, largely due to the lack of tourist inflows and COVID resurgences.  Moving down the P&L. As anticipated, gross margin contracted in the quarter, reflecting our early and deliberate actions to invest in incremental freight to maintain product flow. In spite of a 320 basis point headwind from these freight investments, the gross margin was still nearly 150 basis points ahead of where we were just 2 years ago. This is a testament to the better use of data analytics to improve assortment planning and marketing messaging, driving lower promotional activity, increased SKU productivity and higher full-price sell-through. SG&A growth slightly outpaced the sales increase as anticipated given last year's unusual compares associated with the pandemic, including wage subsidies and rent concessions as well as a gain from the deferred purchase price of the Kate Spade China joint venture.  Excluding these nonrecurring items in the prior year, we drove leverage in the business while making continued investments in digital, marketing and talent. So taken together, operating income grew double digits in each brand. And while operating margin was impacted by freight, the quarter was still nearly 2 points ahead of where we were just 2 years ago.  Earnings per diluted share for the quarter was $1.33, an increase of 15% compared to the prior year and over 20% versus FY '20.  Now turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter in a strong position with $1.65 billion in cash and investments and total borrowings of $1.6 billion. Inventory at quarter end was 19% above prior year, including a significant increase in in-transit. While our actions to aggressively secure goods positioned us well for the holiday period, top line sales in excess of our expectations, notably at Kate Spade, resulted in lower than projected inventory balances.  Touching on capital allocation and cash management. Based on the strong results of our second quarter, significant free cash flow generation, robust balance sheet and our outlook for growth, we now expect to return over $1.5 billion to shareholders in fiscal '22, an increase from the prior outlook of $1.25 billion. We now anticipate the repurchase of $1.25 billion in common stock, which includes $750 million bought back through Q2. In addition, our shareholder return plans continue to assume approximately $270 million through our dividend program.  Our capital deployment plans underscore our commitment to our shareholders and our confidence in the momentum of our business. Overall, our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged. First, we're investing in the business to drive long-term profitable growth; and second, we're returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Separately, during the quarter, we completed a $500 million tender offer on our notes due in 2025 and 2027, funded by a $500 million 2032 bond offering, a leverage-neutral transaction that allowed for effective debt maturity management and a modest benefit to our interest expense. In addition, we still intend to repay our July 2022 bonds totaling $400 million by the end of this fiscal year.  Now turning to our fiscal '22 outlook. Before we move into the details of our guidance, I'll touch on the current external environment. Across the world, the backdrop continues to be volatile. Consumer demand in the United States remains high, while near-term headwinds associated with the pandemic exist in China, which I'll expand upon shortly. Further, supply chain constraints persist throughout the industry. We're continuing to act boldly to mitigate these headwinds and deliver for our customers. Please note that all growth rates compared to prior year are on a comparable 52-week basis excluding the impact of our 53rd week last year.  We now expect revenue to be approximately $6.75 billion, which would mark a record for the company. This represents an increase of nearly 20% compared to fiscal '21 with strong double-digit growth at each brand. Our guidance contemplates ongoing strong momentum in North America in the second half which is helping to offset the expected near-term COVID-related disruptions in China. This is proof of the benefits of our globally diversified platform. Our guidance also incorporates lower-than-expected on-hand inventory due to the revenue outperformance in the first half as well as higher levels of in-transit. These longer lead times from ongoing supply chain disruptions are expected to limit our ability to change stronger underlying demand in the second half of the year, specifically in Q3.  We continue to expect modest operating margin expansion for the fiscal year, maintaining our gross margin and SG&A rate expectations. As previously shared, we expect gross margin to contract modestly due to incremental cost pressures associated with freight. The pressure is now expected to be approximately $170 million in the fiscal year. Excluding this impact of 250 basis points, underlying gross margin continues to expand through lower discounting and improved SKU productivity. In addition, we're capitalizing on the pricing power exhibited by each of our brands by increasing prices selectively going forward. In addition, modest SG&A leverage is anticipated for the fiscal year. We continue to expect about $300 million in structural gross run rate expense savings as a result of the acceleration program.  We're committed to reinvesting in the business to fuel long-term growth. Net interest expense for the year is now anticipated to be between $60 million and $65 million. In addition, our guidance contemplates a fiscal year tax rate of 18.5%, assuming a continuation of current tax laws. We are now expecting weighted average diluted share count to be in the area of 274 million shares. This lower guide largely reflects our more aggressive posture in the second quarter along with the previously mentioned $250 million increase to the buyback expectation for the year. So taken together, we now expect EPS to be $3.60 to $3.65 above our prior guidance of $3.45 to $3.50.  Finally, we now anticipate CapEx to be about $200 million for the year.  Turning to the second half, we continue to contemplate double-digit revenue, operating income and EPS growth with particular strength in the fourth quarter. So to provide some more guardrails on Q3 specifically, revenue is expected to increase low double digits, which contemplates the inventory constraints previously mentioned. While these pressures are being realized across the portfolio, we anticipate an outsized financial impact on our smaller brands, given their relative size.  Looking at the bottom line, third quarter operating margin is expected to contract largely due to incremental freight expense in the area of $55 million as well as increases in SG&A primarily due to marketing investments. In addition, while we're continuing to incorporate a 50 basis point benefit to gross margin from the reinstatement of GSP for the fiscal year, we're now reflecting the positive impact in the fourth quarter. Overall, EPS is expected to decline approximately 20% in the third quarter, an increase over 60% in the fourth quarter, which has been contemplated in today's higher outlook for the year.  So in closing, we're further leveraging the benefits of the acceleration program and our transformed business model, evidenced by increasing momentum at each of our brands. Our strong holiday results underscore our confidence in the benefits of our multi-brand platform and direct-to-consumer business model, which supported the increase in the fiscal year outlook. In addition, we're generating significant free cash flow and now plan to return over $1.5 billion to shareholders in this fiscal year alone. Overall, we remain confident in our long-term ability to drive continued revenue and operating income gains.  I'd now like to open it up for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our first question today from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim.
Robert Drbul: I guess, Joanne, can you elaborate a little bit more on the inflection that you're seeing at Kate Spade? And I guess maybe if you could just give us an update in terms of like where you think this brand can go over the longer term, either both on top line but also operating margin profitability?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Certainly, Bob. We delivered standout results and a significant inflection in Kate Spade in the second quarter. That was driven by product, people and our focus on the consumer. And Q2 has strengthened our confidence in the long-term opportunity we see to return -- to build Kate Spade to be a $2 billion brand. And I do want to recognize the team for the work over the past 18 months. They've leveraged our Tapestry platform and the acceleration program to rebuild the foundation of the brand, returning Kate Spade to the brand our customers love.  And just a few highlights on the second quarter. Sales growth of 33% in the second quarter, 16% above pre-pandemic levels. That was an 18-point sequential improvement, so a significant inflection. And we're doing that with stronger operating margins ahead of both last year and pre-pandemic levels. We're continuing to build on the digital strength in the brand with 30% growth there, nearly double pre-pandemic levels. We're acquiring new customers, 1.3 million new customers in the quarter, and we're reactivating, importantly, reactivating lapsed customers back to the brand. And also importantly, we saw a low double-digit increase in global handbag AUR, which shows the power of the product offering that we're building.  The team has been focused on building and amplifying key platforms. We've called out the Knott and spade flower, which continue to perform and new styles like the Carlyle that are bringing in new customers. These are resonating, and we're seeing higher full price selling across our assortments. And I would also add, importantly, we're also seeing growing brand awareness in our consumer research. So a lot to be excited about at Kate Spade. Kate Spade has a unique position in the market, and we are confident in the ability to achieve $2 billion in revenue at high-teens margins over our planning horizon.
Operator: The next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Irwin Boruchow: Scott, maybe for you, just on the inventory dynamics. Is it possible to give us a little bit more color on the inventory shortfall this quarter? What exactly is the revenue headwind to the total business and specifically the Kate Spade in 3Q. Just because it's important, I think, for us to understand the trajectory of that brand because it looks like you guys are making some big improvements there. And then are you -- in your forecast, is there anything that you're expecting these headwinds to kind of linger into the fourth quarter?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Scott, I think you're on mute. Let me -- you got it?
Scott Roe: I'm not on mute. Can you hear me?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, we can hear you now.
Scott Roe: Okay. I'm sure that was my error. Sorry. Yes. So hey, this is a good story, right? We took bold and early actions from an inventory standpoint to position ourselves well for holiday. And as you can see by the strong quarter we had, it worked, and -- particularly in Kate. So the message here that we were trying to convey is that we sold through a lot of inventory and we wish we had a little more because the demand is really strong and continues into the third quarter. So this is going to put some pressure on our ability to chase the demand in the short term.  But over time, we've seen that our production is back in line. We talked about that last quarter. We still have some issues on the logistics side, elongated lead times. So the message here is that, first of all, the demand is strong. We've had a really strong quarter. We wish we had a little more inventory, particularly in Kate Spade, and that's going to put a little hamper on our ability to chase that strong demand, but we'll be back in shape by the end of the year, and we'll see that this is not going to be a lingering issue from our standpoint.  The other thing I'd just briefly mention, as we brought in this inventory and had a cost, we talked about that, that's not new, right? So that cost is -- you see it in our gross margin in the short term. Importantly, though, because our flow of inventory is now back to approaching normal levels, we significantly moderated the amount of air freight and expedited freight on a go-forward basis. So that's largely behind us. It will take a while for that to work its way through the P&L, and we'll see some of those impacts in the third quarter. But on an ongoing basis, we have significantly curtailed the amount of excess freight to get that inventory back in shape.
Irwin Boruchow: Scott, are you able to quantify the headwinds at Kate Spade specifically in the third quarter?
Scott Roe: Yes. We haven't put a number on that. Just know that the demand is stronger than our ability to supply it in the short term, and we will see some -- some moderation in the third quarter and in the growth rate at Kate. That is not a reflection of the underlying demand or the strength of the brand. It's more of a supply-demand match in the short term.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. And I'll add to that, Ike, that our outlook raised our sales expectations for the year. We still expect double-digit increases in the back half of the year and strong double digits across the board across brands for the year in '22, delivering record sales levels at $6.75 billion. So continue to expect top line to perform.
Operator: We'll go now to Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler.
Erinn Murphy: My question is around digital. It has just continued to be a really strong focal point. And so 2 parts. As you think about the $2 billion guide for digital this year, how does that break down across concept? And then longer term, has that -- as digital gets bigger, has that led you to reevaluate poor fleet from here, either an outlet or full price?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. We have fundamentally transformed our business to strengthen our engagement with the consumer in this channel, and you can see that in our results. We are meeting our customers where they choose to engage and shop. And that's really been delivering results. We've invested in capabilities, including in talent to power the work here and drive better consumer experiences across our digital platforms. As you mentioned, we're approaching $2 billion in business. We reached 1/3 of our business in the holiday quarter, which is triple pre-pandemic level. So seeing a lot of traction here, and we continue to see new customer growth in these channels. So we feel great about the growth both from the revenue standpoint, but also from the customer profile, the new customers, the younger customers that we're increasingly attracting to our brands.  And we're also seeing this digital business as accretive to our margins as digital margins are higher than the respective brick-and-mortar. So that $2 billion represents a margin benefit to us, but also represents an opportunity because at $2 billion, it's less than 1/3 of our business on an annualized basis, and we think it can go higher from here. So we feel very optimistic about our digital business and continue to invest in those capabilities. And then to your question about stores, we also believe that stores represent an important touch point for our brands. And consumers are shopping across channels.  We did see improvement in store trends this quarter. At the same time, we continued to deliver strong growth in digital. So as customer shopping behaviors are changing, we're investing behind those experiences and those omnichannel experiences that make that a great touch point for our customers, and it's an important touch point for our brand. We have been focused on driving higher productivity and profitability across our store fleet. And even though our traffic levels in store business overall hasn't exceeded pre-pandemic levels, our margins in our store fleet have exceeded pre-pandemic levels. So we've done the work to ensure we're driving more profitability and more productivity out of our store fleet, and we continue to invest in great experiences for our consumers across all channels.
Operator: The next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Can you talk to the current environment in China? And then from a longer-term perspective, how big of a driver is China and Kate achieving its $2 billion revenue goal?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, let me start with China, and then I'll touch on the opportunity for Kate, but we did deliver growth in China in the second quarter on both a 1- and a 2-year basis. And we remain confident in the long-term potential that market represents. We see lots of runway ahead in that market. In Q2, we delivered growth 35% ahead of pre-pandemic levels, and we delivered growth with Chinese consumers globally. And that's been fueled by digital, significant innovation on existing and new platforms. And we see strong engagement with -- particularly with the younger consumer in the market. So continued innovation, strong business, continued growth, fueled by digital in the market.  We do expect some COVID-related pressure in the near term. We're seeing pockets of COVID pressure now, and we expect pressure in the near term, including some of the travel restrictions and lockdowns we mentioned in certain cities. But we continue to believe that China represents that compelling long-term growth opportunity for Tapestry in all of our brands. And a couple of data points, the Chinese consumer has proven to be incredibly resilient throughout this pandemic. And the research that we've done in the market indicates strong brand affinity with our brand. We delivered record sales with the #1 ranking on Tmall for both Coach and Stuart Weitzman in their respective categories. We also see strong purchase intent in our category over the next 12 months, and our brands are well positioned. We're targeting the fast-growing and emerging middle class, and we're executing strategies to drive sustainable growth. And we see that opportunity across all brands.  I would say Kate Spade right now is very small in China. Our focus has been on the North America and Japan markets, the core markets for Kate Spade. And as we get that brand moving, we see opportunity to drive growth in China in the future. But to give a little more color, I may pass it to Todd to give a little more color about what we're seeing in China with the Coach brand, where we're having -- continued to have success.
Todd Kahn: Thanks, Joanne. As most of you know, the Coach brand has been in China for over 20 years. We have deep, deep roots in the country. And in our recent brand perception study, 2 things were very noteworthy. One, the majority of the Coach customers in China have a positive economic outlook for the next 12 months. And that gives us a lot of energy around our clients and our customers there. Two, the Coach brand is a beloved brand that successfully compete with traditional European luxury brands. And we love that positioning. And we're going to continue to invest and grow in China. For example, last summer, we held a major fashion show in Shanghai showcasing our winter collection.  That showcase led to the sales of the Ski capsule that we showed and sold in our stores in the second quarter. We will return this summer with another winter show in China, continuing to build on the momentum and really focusing on both the emotional and functional needs of our Chinese clients. So again, both our mid- and long-term expectations and growth in China are very robust, and we're really excited about what the Coach brand is going to deliver under the Tapestry platform in that area.
Operator: We'll go now to Oliver Chen with Cowen.
Oliver Chen: The average unit retail increases of the Coach brand have been really impressive. But what's ahead with maintaining that and anniversarying that in terms of sustaining that momentum? And as a follow up, NFTs and the Metaverse have been increasingly embraced by luxury brands. What are your thoughts on the strategy there and how that may be executed as well as this is a different question, ESG and supply chain, just key priorities that you have for ESG and supply chain as well.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Oliver. There's a lot there. I'll start with pricing and move to the Metaverse and then the ESG. So on pricing, across brands, we represent compelling value in the market. We deliver beautiful quality product at great prices. We do see the market moving higher, and we've had success in driving AUR. We see AUR as an opportunity across our brands. We saw that in the second quarter where we drove AUR higher across all of our brands. And we've had sustainable growth at Coach, which is notable. And we're driving AUR increases through product innovation with this disciplined promotional activity and really through our transformation efforts that I've called out. And consumers continue to recognize the value we're delivering.  We do see further runway. We think it's sustainable. We see runway to leverage price increases to offset inflation, while maintaining our market positioning and delivering compelling value for our customers, which is our overarching goal. And we talked about the transformation efforts and the sustainability of these results, but we are using data to improve our assortment planning. We're seeing increased SKU productivity, lower discounting. We're not relying on promotions. We're seeing the pricing power happen across brands. Maybe I'll pass it to Todd to talk a little bit about what you're seeing at Coach, where we've had an amazing track record of success, but continue to see runway and then I'll pick up the ESG and Metaverse question. Todd?
Todd Kahn: Great. Thank you, Joanne. Oliver, you know Coach at its best balances logic and magic. And the Tapestry platform has enhanced the logic side, particularly with our digital center of excellence and our consumer insight work. On the magic side, over the last 2 years, we have created an environment where our creative team, led by Stuart Vevers can thrive. This combination has resulted in 11 quarters of increased handbag AUR in North America, a second quarter resulting in the highest revenue and profitability in 10 years, a sustainable top line approaching $5 billion in this fiscal year, substantially greater SKU productivity, over 1.5 million new customers transacting with the brand in North America just this last quarter, meaningful growth in men's ready-to-wear and footwear and all men's categories. Finally, our inclusive, authentic and fun storytelling in our marketing.  These are foundational changes for our brand. And what this allows us to do is to continue to push and get priced in our product. And when I've been asked over and over again in many quarters now about how much more room is there in AUR. I look at where the Coach brand sits today relative to traditional European luxury. And the white space between where we transact and where traditional European luxury transact is at the greatest delta in 20 years. That gives us a lot of confidence and a lot of room to grow our price positioning. So I'm very optimistic about our future.  I know Joanne will talk about sustainability. On the NFT, we dipped our toes in the water last quarter. We are going to look at it. I think I'd like selling physical real product, and our consumers like to touch and feel, but I do think that's an opportunity to explore as we really get closer, particularly to a younger consumer. So you'll see more of that over time. And then I'll kick it back to Joanne to talk about sustainability.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, and I'll just add, the work we're doing with NFTs right now is an example of how we think about innovation. We're always testing new ways to engage with consumers. We're testing and learning how they engage with NFTs, how it drives consumer loyalty. So we're experimenting and we'll see where the customer takes it, as we learn more about NFTs. And on ESG, I appreciate the question. ESG is important to our company and all of our brands. We have a program called Our Social Fabric that's been part of the fabric of our company, and it's focused on 3 pillars: it's focused on our people, our planet and our communities. And we continue to drive progress. We have stated goals, and we continue to drive progress behind goals in all of those categories. I am pleased to report that we just released our corporate responsibility report just published. I think it goes into a lot of detail at some of the progress we've been making across all 3.  I'll just hit a couple of highlights. We announced a bold commitment to tie 10% of our leadership incentive comp to our progress on EIND. We are committed to making progress on these objectives, and we are making progress. I know you know we established $50 million Tapestry foundation to support some of those initiatives, and we recently launched a founding partner with FIT in their social justice center to also improve EIND in our industry. So we're focused on in our company but also in our industry.  On the planet, we've recently announced a partnership with Savory Institute on regenerative leather, supporting our biodiversity objectives. We signed on to the science-based target initiatives to -- with a goal of net zero by 2050 at the latest. And we're making progress on our renewable energy goals as well as our sourcing and traceability. So that continues to be a strong focus of the company.  And then within our communities, I'm very proud of the volunteer work and the service that we are doing. All of our associates are super engaged. In this, we provided 1 paid volunteer day for our associates to get involved with their communities. It was an objective of meeting our $100,000 volunteer -- 100,000 volunteer service hour goal, and we are far along and it's driving a lot of pride across our teams. Our teams really appreciate the fact that we support their efforts to focus on the community, and they're proud to work for a company and be working towards not only the improvement of our business, but something much bigger than that. So ESG is very important for our company, and we're making progress.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll go next to Mark Altschwager with Baird.
Mark Altschwager: I wanted to follow up on the digital front. You've been accelerating your investments there, and I was hoping you could just unpack it a little bit. I guess, first, I think part of that is marketing, which clearly appears to be contributing to the momentum today. And I think you're also investing in teams and capabilities, which might still be in the earlier innings. So I guess I'm curious, one, what were the learnings from the investments over the holiday quarter? I guess which channels are you seeing the greatest success? And two, just kind of medium term here, how should we think about the leverage point on SG&A as you continue leaning into digital?
Joanne Crevoiserat: So thanks, Mark. We have seen a lot of success in digital, and we're seeing strong returns on the investments we are making. There is a technology component to this, and it combines both our digital and our data and analytics capabilities. We have a strong technology foundation that allows us to adopt new technologies and new innovations quickly. So embedding data and analytics into our processes in a more robust way is helping drive conversion. It's helping drive our marketing as well. The platform and foundation we're investing in, and that's helping us with performance and we've seen improvement.  This holiday quarter, our digital business grew 30%, I call it strength on strength, but we did that and we delivered a much better experience for our consumers. And we saw our customer satisfaction scores increase significantly across the holiday quarter with the changes we're making. So it's impacting the experience. It's impacting our results and conversion, but I also -- the talent that we're building and, to your point, those investments are increasingly in talent and having the teams that are helping drive this innovation and they're doing great work. I would say innovation is the final piece that is powering our business. And we're very focused on moving with speed to be where our customers are.  And you can see the innovation we're delivering on those spaces being on new platforms and innovating quickly. We were -- in China, we were the first fashion brand to be -- to have a commercial site on TikTok. We remain #1 on TikTok and Tmall there. We have shoppable content across social media platforms. And even the NFT that we talked about earlier is a sign of how we think about innovation, testing and learning and moving quickly to be with our customer and stay close to our customer. So that is the focus of the investments, and we're seeing strong returns.
Scott Roe: Yes, Mark, maybe I'll just build to and part of your question was around leverage and how we see that. I just, first of all, say the power of these platforms is really impressive, and you heard Todd mention how the logic side of the business is really powering all of our brands, and I think it's obvious in the results that you're seeing and I can tell you as someone who is relatively new to the story, seeing this company go from a technology deficit to technology really driving the business in a really short period of time through the acceleration program. It is really, really impressive and encouraging.  And I'll just remind you, in the prepared remarks, I talked about $300 million of structural run rate savings that came through the acceleration program over the last couple of years. That's not really about saving money to save money. That's reallocating money into our digital and consumer data experience and again, building those platforms which have leverage. So that's how we can have significant investments in some of the, what I would argue, the points of difference that are really driving our business. And at the same time, having leverage in other parts of the SG&A structure allow us to continue to grow our operating margins over time. So that's kind of the flywheel or the secret sauce here, I think as you look at this transformed business model that unlocks future growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: Congrats, a lot of nice stuff to look at here this quarter. Can you just -- can we zero in maybe on the Coach gross margin for just a second here. I want maybe the 2-year trend we were looking at slowed a little bit from first quarter, but any components there between, I know you gave us freight for the whole company, but freight for that brand versus the impact of the AUR work you're doing. Just so we understand a little bit better what impacts there are durable versus transitory as we roll over the next few quarters here. And then Scott wouldn't be a conversation with you and I unless we talked about the SG&A for the company. It looks like -- hope you're doing well with that.
Scott Roe: You're consistent, my friend.
Michael Binetti: Yes. I guess just a bit of a dovetail off Mark's question, as we look at some of the flow-through on the revenue upside in this quarter versus the plan, the really nice revenue upside, the SG&A seems to -- the flow-through rate looks a little bit more like what we saw last fiscal year than in last fiscal quarter. Maybe just how to think about flow-through on SG&A to the extent that you do find upside in the revenues in the next couple of quarters here?
Scott Roe: Yes. Maybe I'll start and then Todd maybe will build a little bit as you think about margins and AUR. But listen, in terms of the -- I think your question was around what we're seeing in freight on Coach and the impact on margins. Really not a big difference overall. The overall guidance I gave you, Michael, is not so different by brand in terms of how it's allocating. So as you try to think about the ongoing margin structure, there's nothing that I would call out that's particularly unique 1 brand to the other. We took these bold actions pretty much across the Board because a lot of the issues we were seeing were universal in our supply chain.  And again, I think you see the results in Q2, some of those actions that we've made. Remember my earlier comments, though, in terms -- we did the expedited freight and the air freight for a very specific reason. We saw Vietnam, which at the time was about 40% of our production was down, and we had a hole in our supply that we made up for through those expedited, I'll just say, airfreight actions. Again, to repeat, we now see the flow more normalized. That's largely in the rearview mirror. It will take a little while to work through the P&L because it attaches to the inventory. And as that inventory sells through, you'll start to see that, particularly in the third quarter. But on an ongoing basis, we do see elevated ocean rates, but a lot of this expedited freight is going to go back to more normal levels. And already that's happened. It just takes a while to go through the P&L. And we also have pricing action on an ongoing basis. I don't know, Todd, if you want to build on that, what you're seeing in the Coach brand.
Todd Kahn: Sure, Scott. Thank you. As you've seen, our AUR have grown each and every quarter. And part of what allows us to do that is the focus on our iconic product and really elongating the families of product in our offering. And that has provided us the ability to discount less to raise prices. So I believe, over the next year, you'll continue to see us do more of that. You'll continue to see us absorb any inflation through pricing. Obviously, you can't do that in 1 quarter when you're hit with freight. And I think the reason Coach is in perhaps maybe a slightly better inventory position than our sister company is not that our merchants don't want the newest greatest product as well, it's just we've been on the journey a little longer on developing iconic product that allows us to stay in a slightly better inventory position. So I feel very good about our pricing power. I feel very good about our ability to absorb the input costs, and I would enjoy not airing goods in the future to the same level obviously.
Scott Roe: And Michael, let me just take your SG&A question real quick, too. I would say, listen, there's some timing quarter-by-quarter as we think about different marketing actions, top of the funnel actions. I would just point you to the big picture here, right? We have taken up our top and bottom line guidance for the year. We have maintained our gross margin and SG&A shaping, and we still intend to increase our operating margin for the full year. So is there some timing quarter-by-quarter? Yes. I think the bigger picture here is we had a strong quarter, and we've taken up our guidance and we still maintain the fundamental metrics that we talked about even despite a volatile backdrop, as I mentioned before. So I think that, from my standpoint, it's the big picture here.
Operator: We'll go now to Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs.
Brooke Roach: Joanne, I would like to dive a little bit deeper into the 3 million new customers across channels that you acquired in North America this quarter, which is a strong result against a tougher year-on-year compare. Can you talk a little bit more about what specifically you're seeing that are driving those new customer acquisitions and the sequential improvement you saw in this quarter? And then on the forward, I would love to hear a little bit more about the specific marketing efforts you have planned to keep that momentum going into the back half of this fiscal year.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Brooke. We continue to see strong customer acquisition across all of our brands. So the 3 million new customers across all of our brands, that's 8 -- 11 million new customers over the last 18 months. So we have been focused on a consumer -- customer acquisition as part of our brand-building activities, again, structurally transformed our business to focus on improving our ability to engage consumers. And we see it paying off there.  We're doing that with innovative marketing. We're showing up on the platforms where our customers are. So first, it's getting to know and getting closer to our target consumers, knowing where they are and making sure we're speaking to them and connecting with them. These are customers who are transacting with us. So we -- these are customers who we've not only seen our marketing and our product, but they're buying from us and purchasing. So it's a combination of knowing our consumers, understanding and delivering great product that delivers on both their emotional and functional needs.  So we're better embedding data in that side of the process. And then in marketing, we've been much more innovative in our marketing. We've connected with this test and learn process where we have cross-functional teams in the business ideating and testing consistently against hypothesis, but the things that work are being scaled. And that's how we're driving all of this traction with customer acquisition. And frankly, we're applying the same retention and repurchase rates and repeat rates and reactivation. So we can -- we are a data-rich company, over 90% direct-to-consumer. And we're leveraging that data using new tools and technology that we've invested in.  Again, we continue to invest in talent that are driving both the creative side of the equation as well as the technical side to be in front of customers where they are and connect with them and speak to their values and the things that will be purchase drivers. So those are the drivers. The new customers that we're seeing are increasingly younger across our brands, and we think it provides a strong foundation for future growth.
Todd Kahn: And I could just add on the Coach side, the new customers we're seeing are -- we're seeing higher AURs from those new customers. And one of the things we've developed, which we're very proud of, and I think gives us a lot of runway in this area of retention is the Coach Insider program. We have seen that our insiders transact 20% more frequently as compared to nonmembers, and their baskets are higher. So we see that across both our retail and our value channel.  So we're excited about this. And what's really unique to the Coach Insider program, it's not a discount program. It's about early access. It's about being truly an insider, and that's what the customer is so engaged with. We've heard stories from our clients about their being featured on the insider program and how much joy and pleasure they get out of that. So you'll see us continue to develop these programs and the benefits of being a Coach Insider to again create that connectivity with our customer in a much deeper and profounder way than just transacting.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi.
Tracy Kogan: It's Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. I was wondering if you could talk about your factory outlet strategy for Kate. How many stores do you guys have there currently? And what's your ultimate target? And I'm wondering if you have the same AUR strategy at the factory outlet channel for Kate, as you do with Coach.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, at Kate, we've seen tremendous traction. And we do have specialty and outlet stores. We're seeing traction across both. But the growth we're seeing has really been driven by our full price, and we are very excited about what we're seeing there. We expect to raise AUR and we're seeing AUR growth across channels, but -- and we have a high digital penetration. So I think if you look at the Kate Spade business in aggregate, we see a compelling value in the marketplace, delivering great product, we see unique positioning in the market, and we see customers responding across channels. But our growth and the growth that we're seeing and the traction that we're seeing is increasingly in the specialty channel in retail, a lot of the engagement and the novelty that we're seeing across social media channels as well is driving that emotional connection to the Kate Spade consumer. So Kate Spade has a tremendous runway ahead for growth. We're seeing traction across channels, particularly in our specialty channel. And we're very confident and see a lot of opportunity for growth ahead, both in absolute and in AUR.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A. I would now like to turn the program back to Joanne Crevoiserat for any additional or closing remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, I would thank you all for joining us this morning. Through our acceleration program, we've radically transformed our business model and it's delivering. We drove record sales and adjusted earnings during the holiday quarter with outperformance across each brand. We've increased our outlook for the year, which includes raising fiscal '22 or '22 revenue outlook to a record at $6.75 billion, with Coach approaching $5 billion and inflection at Kate Spade, digital revenue reaching $2 billion and our fiscal '22 outlook that is 40% above pre-pandemic levels. These results also support our strong returns. We expect to return over $1.5 billion to shareholders this year. And our teams are powering these results. They are our competitive advantage, and I want to recognize and thank them for the standout performance. Their relentless drive and unwavering focus on the consumer will build on our strong foundation and deliver sustainable growth into the future. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-11-11 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Please standby. Your program is about to begin. [Operator Instructions]. Good day and welcome to the Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. After the speakers' opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Director of Investor Relations at Tapestry, Kelsey Mueller.
Kelsey Mueller: Good morning, and thank you for joining. With me today to discuss our first-quarter results, as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry Chief Executive Officer and Scott Rowe, Tapestry Chief Financial Officer and Head of Strategy. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years.  Forward-looking statements are not guaranteeing and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non - GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. In addition, as we continue to anniversary the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we will be providing financial information compared to FY '20 or pre -pandemic, and FY '21, where applicable.  For a full reconciliation to corresponding GAAP financial information, please visit our website, www.tapestry. com/investors and then view the Earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with first quarter highlights for Tapestry and our brand, along with an update on our strategies for the holiday season. Scott will continue with our financial results, capital allocation priorities, and outlook going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with a brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Kelsey and welcome, everyone. I'm pleased to report that the strong momentum we saw throughout last year has accelerated further in the first quarter, with our sales now 9% above pre-pandemic level. Our operating margin has improved 8.5 points compared to fiscal year '20, even as we've reinvested in key growth drivers for our business. The fundamental changes we've made through the acceleration program to transform Tapestry and our brands have enabled our teams to act with agility, to drive highly effective customer engagement, and support increasing demand.  This performance also reaffirms our confidence in our differentiated platform. Our 3 unique brands are enabled by our talented teams, technology infrastructure, globally diversified supply chain, and a 90% direct-to-consumer model. These assets, coupled with our growing data and consumer insights capabilities, have fueled more targeted product development, more efficient pricing, and more effective marketing, all of which support accelerating revenue, higher gross margin, improving profitability, and most importantly, stronger connections with our customers.  Now, turning to the highlights from the first quarter. We continue to make meaningful progress against the acceleration program by sharpening our focus on the consumer, leveraging data to lead with a digital-first mindset and transforming Tapestry into a more responsive organization. First, we kept the consumer at the forefront of our strategy, which drove further increases in customer recruitment. In fact, we acquired approximately 1.6 million new customers across our direct channels in North America, an increase of over 20%, with growth in both stores and online.  Second, we leveraged our unique data and analytics capabilities to enhance engagement with our consumers. As a result, retention improved year-over-year at each brand, including strong re-engagement with the 4 million customers acquired last year in our North America digital channels. In addition, we drove a higher number of repeat transactions and reactivated lapsed customers at an increasing rate. These examples highlight the advancements we've made to utilize customer insights, to increase engagement with our brands, and drive higher lifetime value.  Third, we enhanced our expertise in the digital channel, a margin accretive business across brands. We've made significant investments, including in talent to improve the customer experience and drive conversion. As a result, we realized a sequential acceleration in e-commerce revenue trend in the quarter. A meaningful achievement as we lapped difficult online comparisons from last year. Sales rose close to 50% with digital penetration now nearly 4 times pre-pandemic levels. At the same time, trends across our global store fleet again improved with operating margins that continue to exceed pre-pandemic levels.  Fourth, we further strengthened our positioning in China, a region that represents significant long-term opportunity, supported by the rising middle-class. While COVID resurgences during the quarter impacted traffic across the industry, we delivered sales growth of over 25%. Compared to pre-pandemic levels, sales increased roughly 65%, accelerating versus the prior quarter. And importantly, we grew on both the mainland and with Chinese consumers globally, which increased at a low double-digit rate versus fiscal year '20. And fifth, we increased global AUR at each of our brands, reflecting traction with our customer base and the deliberate structural changes we've made to reduce promotional activity and improve assortment productivity.  Now, let me touch on the first quarter highlights for each of our brands. Coach delivered another exceptional quarter, accelerating further off an already strong base. Revenue rose 27%, representing an increase of 15% compared to pre-pandemic levels, or a 13-point sequential improvement. Operating margin expanded fueled by gross margin, which reached nearly 75%, the highest rate in any quarter in the last 10 years. These results are a testament to the increasing brand heat and strong customer demand and engagement we're seeing at Coach, highlighting progress against the Brand’s fiscal year '22 growth strategies.  First, we drove another quarter of AUR gains as we benefited from strengthening pricing power and our deliberate actions to improve SKU productivity and lower promotional activity. Globally, Coach's handbag AUR increased high single-digits in both the retail and outlet channels. In addition, we achieved the tenth consecutive quarter of AUR improvements in North America, which rose low double-digits. This continued improvement reflects our pricing power and strong engagement with consumers as we focus on enhancing customer lifetime value. In the quarter, we acquired over 900,000 new customers across our North America channels. A high-teens increase compared to the prior year. At the same time, purchase frequency rose versus last year.  Second, we continued to develop our iconic families to create a foundation for our product pipeline in future seasons. With notable strength in key families such as Tabby and [Roe] (ph). In addition, we are led by Stuart Vevers' creative vision, who is building on 80 years of iconic Coach codes. Notably, the Signature C and Horse and Carriage, both of which have supported increasing sales across all channels.  Third, we increased investments and drove stronger returns in marketing, leveraging our data capabilities to drive outsized growth in our digital business. In the first quarter, e-commerce increased over 60%, representing a sequential improvement on both a 1 and 2-year basis, underscoring the significant opportunity that this channel represents.  Fourth, we again drove growth in China. Sales rose over 25% compared to last year, with improvements across stores and E-commerce, as we diversify our approach to meet the customer where they want to shop. This includes better leveraging existing platforms and establishing relationships with new online forums. As we build on the strength of our brand and our positioning with the emerging middle class, we continue to see tremendous long-term potential in China.  And fifth, we outperformed in the men's business in keeping with our ambition to deliver $1 billion in sales in the category over our planning horizon. In the quarter, we reinvigorated some of our iconic weather good - silhouettes, infusing camo print in retail and the Basquiat collaboration in outlet.  In summary, Coach continues to stand out even amid external pressures. Customers are engaging with the brand at an increasing rate, given the traction of our product and marketing. We're driving continued momentum as we enter the important holiday quarter. The brand has proven that the foundational changes we've made are working and our results are sustainable. We are increasingly confident in our ability to drive both revenue and profit gains for fiscal '22 and beyond.  Now, moving to Kate Spade. The brand continued to make steady progress against its strategic priorities and outperformed internal expectations across the P&L. We built on the increasing traction we're seeing with consumers, which drove topline improvement during the quarter.  Importantly, direct sales, excluding wholesale, increased mid-single-digits versus pre -pandemic levels, a sequential improvement compared to the fourth quarter. These results confirmed that the growth strategies we're executing to return Kate Spade to its roots and improve the underlying foundation of the brand are taking hold. In the quarter, we maintained a consumer - centric approach in our execution. Acquiring over 650,000 new customers across channels in North America. A significant increase over last year. At the same time, we reactivated lapsed customers with outsized growth among those customers lapsed over 3 years, reflecting a renewed connection with our core customers and confirming the efforts to clarify the brands positioning are gaining traction.  Second, we continued to build out our core product offering by amplifying key platforms. Most notably, The Knot and Spade Flower again outperformed expectations and active strong foundations for future growth. The strength of these recent introductions, coupled with deliberate actions to improve full-price selling and pull back on promotional activity, fueled another quarter of global handbag AUR growth, which rose low double-digits. The progress we've made has increased our confidence in Kate Spade 's pricing power, as we deepen our connection with consumers and execute on our strategic agenda. Third, we drove brand heat by deploying marketing centered on our Kate Spade community and leaning into our DNA as a best-in-class storytelling brand.  We employed new ways of reaching our customers, including a variety of social media platforms and a re-imagined and uniquely Kate Spade approach to New York Fashion Week. which featured a pop-up Apple Orchard in downtown Manhattan, incorporating our I Heart New York Collection. Fourth, we maximized our lifestyle positioning by continuing to strengthen the foundation of Ready-Wear, Footwear and Jewelry, all of which outperformed our expectations. Overall, the brands differentiated and broad offering supports our goal to increase lifetime value as those customers buying lifestyle products tend to purchase more frequently and spend more. And fifth, we utilized our already strong digital platform to continue to grow e-commerce sales, which rose over 15% in the quarter, as we test, learn, and scale innovative and new ways to engage the consumer online.  In closing, we're leading with our values to strengthen the emotional connection with our passionate Kate Spade community. We are excited by the brand's progress and our solid performance underscores that we have the right strategy in place. We have significant [Indiscernible]. And our ability to achieve $2 billion in revenue at high-teens operating margins over the planning horizon. Turning now to Stuart Weitzman. The brand has made continued progress towards achieving our overarching goal of restoring profitability in the current fiscal year. To achieve this, we advanced our growth strategies in the quarter. First, we improved operating margin compared to prior year, further increasing our confidence in our return to profitability this year.  This was driven by continued outperformance in high-growth areas, including digital in China. Our e-commerce channels rose over 30% globally, driven by customer experience upgrade to improve conversion. And in China, a market that remains a significant opportunity for the brand, revenue increased over 25%. Second, we recruited an increasing number of new customers compared to last year and drove higher retention rates overall. The consumer remains at the forefront of our strategy, as we capitalize on shifting market trends, most notably the return to in-person socialization and the growing need for occasion and dressy footwear. At the same time, our iconic collections continue to resonate. Notably, the Nudist family, which brought an increasing number of new and younger customers to the brand.  Third, we drove brand heat through a tailored offering, supported by marketing actions to engage the consumer. Stuart Weitzman's momentum was evidenced by a return to AUR growth, which rose low double-digits compared to prior year, reflecting deliberate action to lower promotional activity as well as select price increases, which we intend to continue on a strategic basis. This was a key driver of the gross margin expansion of over 250 basis points. Fourth, we strengthened our wholesale partnerships, specifically with key domestic full-price partners, resulting in high teens growth in the channel. Overall, our solid execution is evidenced by our improving financial performance. We're laser-focused on the consumer by offering compelling product and marketing to enhance customer engagement and increase our productivity in key regions and channels. This in turn will support our goal to restore profitability in fiscal 22.  Now, turning to the overarching strategies for the holiday quarter, the consumer backdrop is healthy and our recent internal survey work in North America highlights the demand for the handbags and footwear categories remain strong. We're remaining nimble and keeping the customer at the center of our priorities. First, we're controlling the factors within our control and playing offense. We've moved quickly and taken bold and deliberate actions to mitigate industry-wide inventory constraints. We're also messaging the customers earlier in the holiday season to elongate the shopping period and capture demand early. Importantly, we will be maintaining our discipline around discounting and selectively increasing prices as we lead with messaging on innovation and values over price.  Separately, we are creating engaging omni -channel customer experiences as in-store traffic continues to improve and online engagement increases. Across brands, we're employing exciting initiatives to surprise and delight consumers during this important shopping period. At Coach, we've kicked off the holiday season in a truly iconic fashion with our re-creation of Jennifer Lopez's All I have video, nearly 2 decades after the original, featuring our signature codes. At Kate Spade we're creating magical holiday moment with our To All a Sparkly Night collection which captures the sense that the littlest things can be life's biggest indulgences. And at Stuart Weitzman, our recently launched campaign featuring Kate Hudson arrives just in time for the start of the holiday season, as well as celebrations for our 35th anniversary.  Overall, our first quarter results and the momentum we're delivering are evidence that our strategy, led by the acceleration program is working. We've radically transformed our Company, realizing material operating margin improvement, while fueling investments in key growth areas of our business. We're largely a direct-to-consumer business with a digital first mindset, building a deeper understanding of our customers. We're utilizing these capabilities along with the additional benefits of our multi-brand platform to drive even further growth at Coach and accelerate the trajectory of both Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman over our planning horizon.  I'm encouraged by the growing vibrancy of each of our brands and the strengthening engagement with consumers, backed by the work of our talented and passionate teams. Our confidence is underscored by the stronger outlook for fiscal year '22 and additional shareholder return plans announced today. We've entered the second quarter with momentum, and have proactively put in place plans to deliver for our customers this holiday season and into the New Year. We are well-positioned to capture market share at structurally higher operating margin in the years to come, creating significant value for all our stakeholders. With that, I will turn it over to Scott, who will discuss our financial results, capital deployment priorities, and fiscal year '22 outlook. Scott?
Scott Roe: Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. We delivered another quarter of high-quality earnings results, outpacing last year pre -pandemic levels and expectations. We continue to execute against the strategies of our acceleration program, building upon the foundational changes made in fiscal year '21 against the difficult backdrop. We drove continued topline momentum and improved operating margin meaningfully, fueled by gross margin expansion. Turning to the details of the first quarter. Total sales increased 26% versus prior year and outperformed expectations.  Compared to pre -pandemic levels, revenue rose 9%, representing an 8-point acceleration compared to the prior quarter, fueled by improvements across all channels, stores, digital, and wholesale. By region, revenue rose double-digits versus last year in Mainland China, North America, and Europe. Importantly, these regions improved on a 2-year basis, including relative outperformance of North America, which rose at a high teen’s percentage compared to pre -pandemic levels. In Mainland China, while there were pockets of COVID increases, overall momentum continued. And in Europe, we realized improving trends as lockdown measures were lifted. Moving down the P&L, we expanded gross margin at each brand during the quarter.  These results reflect a continuation of the successful execution of our strategy as we maintain price discipline, improved SKU productivity, and leverage our data analytics capabilities to more effectively tailor our product assortment and marketing messaging to the consumer. SG&A rose relatively in line with sales, given the re-investment of cost-savings into the organic business, the prior-year's a typical comparison due to COVID-19 and the impact from higher sales. Taken together, we achieved operating income, growth and margin expansion, both Company wide and at each individual brands. Earnings per diluted share for the quarter was $0.82, an increase of 42% compared to the prior year and more than doubling pre -pandemic levels. Now, turning to our balance sheet and cash flow, as well as an update to our capital deployment plans.  We ended the quarter in a strong position with $1.7 billion in cash and investments and total borrowings of $1.6 billion. Therefore, given the strong results of our first quarter, our robust balance sheet, significant free cash flow generation, and outlook for growth, we’re announcing an incremental $1 billion share repurchase program as highlighted in our press release. As such, we now expect to return approximately $1.25 billion to shareholders in the fiscal year. A meaningful increase compared to our previous outlook to return $750 million to shareholders in fiscal '22. This return reflects approximately $1 billion of share repurchases in the fiscal year, which consists of $600 million to complete our existing programs, inclusive of the $250 million of shares already repurchased in the first quarter. And we expect to utilize approximately $400 million under our new program in fiscal '22.  In addition, our shareholder return plans continue to forecast approximately $250 million returned through our dividend program. Overall, the organic business momentum and the actions announced today underscore our commitment to capital allocation priorities. First, investing in the business to drive long-term profitable growth, and second, returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In addition, we still intend to repay our July 2022 bonds totaling $400 million by the end of the fiscal year. These actions highlight our confidence in the strength of our brands, our ability to drive sustainable growth, and our commitment to returning capital to shareholders. Now moving to our fiscal year 2022 outlook.  Before turning to the specific details, I want to touch on the current state of the industry. The external environment continues to be dynamic as consumer demand remains solid but supply chain headwinds are constricting inventory availability. We certainly see the same dynamic within our business, as demand for our brands remains robust. As Joanne mentioned, we've acted early and boldly to maintain the momentum we're seeing across each of our brands. While we're not immune to external factors, nor can we predict future challenges that may come, the bold actions we've taken to secure supply along with our experience at reacting with agility to a constantly changing landscape over the last 18 months or so, gives us confidence to increase our annual guidance.  Please note that all growth rates compared to prior year are on a comparable 52-week basis, excluding the impact of our 53rd week last year. So, let's unpack this increase in outlook. We now expect revenue to approach $6.6 billion, which would mark a record for the Company. This represents a mid-teens increase compared to fiscal '21. Our outlook for operating income is now expected to grow at the high end of our previous growth expectation for a mid-teens increase compared to prior year, resulting in modest operating margin expansion. This contemplates modest gross margin pressure due entirely to the incremental freight investments, in order to maintain product flow to meet strong consumer demand.  This pressure is expected to be most acute in Q2 and Q3. excluding this additional freight impact of approximately 200 basis points, we are driving continued underlying gross margin expansion through lower discounting, improved SKU productivity, along with price increases, that will be implemented for the balance of the year across brands. In addition, we now expect modest SG&A leverage for the fiscal year. We continue to expect about $300 million in structural gross run rate expense savings as a result of the acceleration program.  As previously shared, we are reinvesting these benefits to fuel growth, including $90 million in higher marketing spend, or approximately 3% points higher than fiscal '19. We're also investing further in our digital talent and capabilities. That interest expense for the year is expected to be $65 million and the tax rate is estimated at 18.5%, assuming a continuation of current tax laws. We're now forecasting weighted average diluted share count to be in the area of 278 million shares, incorporating a planned $1 billion in share repurchases. So, taken together, we now expect EPS to be in the range of $3.45 to $3.50, incorporating the first quarter's out-performance and an approximate $0.05 benefit from additional share repurchases. We continue to expect CapEx to be about $220 million for the year.  Of this spend, we anticipate approximately 45% of it related to store development, primarily in China, with the balance dedicated to our digital and IT initiatives. This also includes initial investments related to the build-out of our new fulfillment center to support both growth and speed to market. Finally, we expect inventory levels to be up meaningfully during the balance of this year as we pulled forward receipts to match strong demand and face elongated lead times from supply chain pressures due to COVID disruptions. As mentioned, we're taking deliberate steps to accelerate inventory growth and we feel comfortable in our inventory positioning to meet demand. Given the dynamic environment, and last year's atypical comparisons, we expect variability by quarter.  To provide some guardrails on Q2 specifically, revenue is forecasted to grow high-teens, reflecting continued momentum on a 2-year basis. Operating income is projected to be in the area of prior year levels, which contemplates incremental airfreight of approximately $70 million in the quarter or roughly 350 basis points. In addition, we have shifted the benefit from the reinstatement of GSP into the second half of the fiscal year. As a remind, GSP is expected to benefit the full year by almost 50 basis points. So, taken together, while margin pressure is anticipated in the second quarter, our full-year operating margin outlook remains unchanged, as our underlying business momentum and price increases are estimated to offset costs and inflationary pressures.  As a result, EPS in Q2 is expected to be relatively in line with prior year. In closing, we entered the fiscal year with strong momentum, reflecting the benefits of the deliberate and decisive actions we've made under our acceleration program. We're continuing to focus on what's in our control, as we navigate a dynamic operating environment. And we're taking bold steps to ensure that we can meet robust underlying demand for our brands without compromising our long-term operating margins that are already up significantly. We're increasing both our fiscal year revenue and EPS guidance as well as our expected return of cash to shareholders. Overall, our strategy is working. I'm confident that we're in a position to create significant value for all our stakeholders in the years to come. I'd now like to open up the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. We will go first to Bob Drbul with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Bob Drbul : Hi, good morning. Joanne, can you talk about what's actually giving you the confidence that you can maintain the strong momentum you've seen heading into an inventory-constrained holiday quarter for us please? Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning, Bob. Our confidence is really driven by 3 factors. Our acceleration program initiatives are gaining traction and driving brand heat. We're seeing a strong consumer backdrop and we're taking bold actions to manage the environment. We're pleased with the momentum we're seeing across brands. The actions we've taken through our acceleration program have transformed our Company and are driving strong and sustainable results.  We see brand heat building as evidenced with the AUR growth that we're delivering in each of our brands. We're also seeing acceleration in top line trends. In the first quarter, we delivered growth of 9% above pre-pandemic levels, which was an 8-point acceleration from the fourth quarter. We're delivering that with significant gross margin expansion, which is allowing us to deliver structurally higher operating margins, while also reinvesting in the key growth drivers of the business. And we're seeing continued strength in digital in China, which are 2 areas that we've talked about represent long-term opportunity for Tapestry.  As I mentioned, as we look at the landscape, consumer spending is healthy and demand for our categories remains very strong. So, although the environment continues to be dynamic, we've moved aggressively to manage the supply side of the equation, to protect the strong trends that we're seeing and serve our customers, really keeping the customer at the center of our strategy and of our execution. And our teams have a proven track record of managing these dynamics and we are very confident in our ability to deliver for our customers this holiday and beyond. And that confidence Bob is really evidenced by the increased guidance and incremental share repurchase program that we announced today.
Bob Drbul: Thank you.
Operator: And in the interest of time, we do ask that you limit yourself to 1 question. And we can go now to Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Ike Boruchow: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Congrats. Scott, I wanted to ask about -- I understand 3, a lot of us in toplines are looking at the cost of cotton and inputs like that, but for you guys, I know that's not super-important. Can you talk to us about key inputs for you guys, maybe leather specifically, is there anything inflationary on the cost side, input cost side that pops out to you guys that's at all impactful?
Scott Roe: Good morning, Ike. Sure. We've seen elevated input costs, and that's not really a new dynamic for us. And also, as we've said, we've seen higher AUR s and higher prices, right? So, as we look at the overall structural gross margin and operating margin picture. We've got confidence in our ability to maintain our margins even in the face of some elevated costs that we see being with us for some period of time.
Ike Boruchow: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go now to Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thank you. Good morning and nice job on the quarter. My question is around Kate Spade, the sales for the business are still not back at pre -pandemic levels, but the profitability has clearly improved with some of the actions you've taken, so can you share a little bit more about your sales outlook for the brand that's embedded in your guidance this year? And then Scott, I do have a clarification just on freight. You talked about higher freight in Q2 and Q3. You called out the $70 million in airfreight, specifically in Q2. Should we expect a similar level in the third quarter or Q2 for airfreight peak? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Let me jump into the Kate Spade comments, Erinn. We are making steady progress at Kate Spade and we do have the right strategy. We are clarifying the brand positioning and we're seeing traction across the P&L and in fact, direct sales for the quarter increased mid-single-digits versus pre-pandemic level. On a direct basis, we are growing above pre-pandemic levels, and that improved quarter-over-quarter. And we are focused on returning the brand to its roots and driving stronger consumer engagement. We acquired over 650,000 new customers across North America channels to the brand this past quarter alone.  And we're reactivating lapsed customers at an increasing rate, which gives us confidence that the strategy is working, that we're reaching the core Kate Spade consumer, and we've worked hard to improve the product assortment there. We talked about new platforms like the Knot and Spade Flower, which continue to perform, and those represents important platforms for future growth. And we're seeing increased global handbag AUR. AURs grew low double-digits, so all signs that Kate Spade is on the right path, on the direct business growing, again, to pre-pandemic levels. And it reinforces our confidence that the brand can achieve $2 billion in revenue and at a high-teens operating margin as we move forward.
Scott Roe: Good morning, Erinn. I'll jump in on your freight question as well. Maybe just a little bit of perspective before I get into the quarter-by-quarter details. Remember, the last time we spoke to you-all, we talked about reopening our largest single supply source, Vietnam, which is about 40% of our supply base. We expected that to start reopening in August. And in fact, that occurred about 7 weeks later. So, what we decided, to just build on Joanne's comments, early and boldly. So, we did secure airfreight.  The reason I give you that perspective because it's important as you think, not only about the flow by quarter, but also, at this point, we now see that we're approaching normalized level of production. We see goods flowing. We have much better visibility than we did the last time we spoke even at the SKU level so we can merchandise against the product flow that we see. So, the result of that is the exceptional airfreight that we have used to bridge that gap and meet this really strong consumer demand that we see. That’s starting to moderate as you get in the back half of the year. So, as you think about gross margin shaping, you just saw that gross margin in Q1 up 450 basis points from 2 years ago. You're going to see -- we said elevated airfreight in Q2 and Q3.  We gave you our best estimate, obviously, it matters as we see what exact products sell through and there could be a little timing between Q2 and Q3, but think about that as roughly equal from an airfreight standpoint, but remember in the second half we start to see the increase in prices. making a meaningful impact. We talked about the change in GSP from a timing standpoint. What that means is gross margins will be up in the second half and specifically in the fourth quarter. So that's one of the reasons we speak with confidence about our ability to maintain operating margins over time. We're actually in this year, coming out of the fourth quarter with strong gross margins and the kind of increases that you're used to seeing from us on an overall basis.
Erinn Murphy: Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Scott Roe: Sure.
Kelsey Mueller: The next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Baird. Your line is open.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning and congrats on the continued momentum here. So, encouraging to see the handbag AUR momentum, I guess, for both at Coach and at Kate. Can you speak a bit more to the AUR opportunity you see outside of the handbag category? With the healthy demand backdrop and inventory challenges out there, I'm wondering to what extent can you take price in other accessories and in-lifestyle categories to help offset the elevated cost pressures?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Let me start and then I'll pass it to Todd who can give you an update on Coach specifically, but across all of our categories, we see the opportunity to take price and we as brands in the portfolio are gaining pricing power. And we're structurally positioned to be able to improve our AURs, with the data and analytics applications, and the structural changes that we've made across our assortments. It's not just the handbag effort and we're looking across our assortments, we're understanding what our consumers are looking for and expecting from our brands.  And we're getting better and better at leveraging that data to tailor our assortments appropriately, tailor our messaging, and evaluate pricing across. We feel good about the progress we've made, but we see tremendous run, we're really just getting started. We're a data-rich Company and we're learning to use this data in better and better ways and that you're seeing throughout the P&L, including in gross margin and AUR increases. But Todd, I'll pass it to you to talk about what you're seeing in doing at Coach.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. Yes, I think what you're seeing, as Joanne indicated, we are seeing AUR expansion across every category. And what gives us so much confidence is the quality of our products and the values that we bring, and we're seeing across footwear, we're seeing that in ready-to-wear. And when you think about the Coach brand and you think about historic norms where pinnacle luxury sits, we have more whitespace today than any time in our history. And I think that's going to give us a real opportunity to increase our pricing. And as we celebrate now, Coach 's 80th year, we are seeing real credibility on our lifestyle component. And that's very exciting and I think you'll see over in the next couple of years us penetrating even higher in elements of the lifestyle.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you.
Kelsey Mueller: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to focus for a minute on the new customer acquisition, at both Coach and Kate. Can you talk a little bit about what strategies are working best for you? And if there are areas that you need to lean into from an investment perspective?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Lorraine. We are gaining traction, and that has been a big focus of our acceleration program. As we say, we are getting closer to our consumer, it's understanding the consumer at a deeper level. And we're leveraging those insights and applying them to the work we're doing and bringing great product to market and then leveraging those insights to understand how and where to reach customers. We're increasingly reaching customers through digital channels. We've talked about that as a place that we think there is tremendous runway ahead, but we've added over $1 billion to that business in 2 years.  We're testing and learning more. We've changed the way we work, and we're investing more in marketing, even as we're delivering structural operating margin improvements. We had really tilted the P&L to invest in those places that allow us to reach more customers and reach them in different ways. So those efforts are paying off. We acquired 4 million customers through digital channels in North America last year and 1.6 million in the first quarter across North America, across channels. And we expect to continue as we learn because we're really just getting started on leveraging these insights, new ways of working, and targeting our investments more into the places that will allow our brands to grow.
Todd Kahn: And I will just add for Coach, in the last quarter as you saw, we increased 900,000 new customers. And what we're seeing is the increase frequency. We're seeing over 40% of the new customers are Gen-Z and Millennials, so that bodes well for our future and couldn't be more excited about the opportunity. And even as we invest in Jiuzhou, we see a true Omni opportunity here. And there is a synergistic opportunity between our brick-and-mortar and our digital and they feed off each other, in a really great way. And with the acceleration program and leaning in on understanding the data, it helps us create better store experiences and even helps us determine where to put stores into the future.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And one point I want to add that I didn't mention, but it's about acquiring customers, but then it's about driving lifetime value and I did want to make sure I mentioned we are focused on reengaging the consumers after we acquire them and driving higher lifetime value. All of our brands have a broad array of -- and assortments that we can engage our customers. We're seeing those customers come back and transact more frequently and so we're really building the foundation for future growth.
Operator: We'll go now to Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Michael Binetti: Hey guys. Thanks for taking our questions here and congrats on a great quarter and obviously a tough environment.
Scott Roe: Thank you.
Michael Binetti: Joanne, let me -- can you just run me through China and a little bit of detail on the quarter? In third quarter, you said it was up 40% on a 2-year basis, fourth quarter up 40% also, and I think that might have included an extra week, so maybe a little lower than that. Now we're at 65% on a 2-year basis this quarter. It was pretty unexpected for us just considering all the headlines coming out of that market, with lockdowns and disruptions in the quarter. That's a meaningful acceleration and what looked to be a tough quarter. If you wouldn't mind running us through that. And then, Scott, how should we think about margins for the Coach brand as we jump over some of the cost impacts here in 2Q into the second half? Can the margins for the brand continue to increase in the second half?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. Let me jump on the China question. We were pleased with our growth in China, as you mentioned, we accelerated on a 2-year basis. And although we did experience pockets of COVID related disruption, we delivered growth. We grew greater than 25% on the year, but to your point, 65% on a 2-year basis. And we are seeing continued strong engagement with customers in the market and brand sentiment remains strong, particularly in the Coach brand. And we're seeing growth, I guess, in I would say Coach and Stuart Weitzman, our 2 biggest brands with the highest penetration in the market.  And Kate, as you know, remains relatively smaller. But we see tremendous runway ahead. Of course, we're monitoring the developments in the market and environment remains dynamic, but we're staying very close to the customer and we're well-positioned. All of our brands are well-positioned against the growing middle-class. So, as we stay close to the customer and deliver the product and the experiences and show up where the customers are increasingly innovating in places like Dally and the Tik Tok of China and putting our brands where our customers are and being very relevant to that customer, we expect and we continue to see we have tremendous runway in the market.
Scott Roe: And maybe Todd and I'll take this from different angles to your second part of the question. Yes, we see margins up in the second half. What I mentioned earlier, regarding the shape of the overall Tapestry picture is obviously big numbers, largely driven by Coach, so we would see that same general dynamic plan for Coach. Todd, maybe a little color?
Todd Kahn: Yes. Thank you, Scott. The one thing I'd like to add is as we maintain these really fabulous margin, if you look at the first quarter, Coach captured market share in our primary category of handbags. We look at the handbag growth globally between 15% and 20% and we saw Coach 's results way above that. So, the combination of being able to capture market share while maintaining these margins -- we're not buying the market, we are maintaining a really healthy business. And I think that is one of the key differentials between us and where maybe we historically were.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adrienne Yih with Barclays. Your line is open.
Adrienne Yih: Good morning. Congratulations. The sector just seems ripe for multiple years of healthy growth. My first question is, Joanne or Todd, can you talk about the penetration of sales in the Coach brand over 400 versus under 400 versus last year? Is she buying higher-end goods, as well as buying them more frequently? And then Scott, I would imagine that prior to this, basically, everything was on the ocean and so, just wondering what percent is air freighted in 2Q? What's expected to be air freighted in 3Q? Just as a percent of what you normally do. Thank you.
Todd Kahn: Scott, you want to take the airfreight first and then I'll come back?
Scott Roe: Sure. Yeah. That's probably a simple one. Adrienne, we're not -- we haven't given the exact percentages. I guess, historically, we've seen about a 90-10 split ocean versus airfreight and -- or expedited freight. And obviously, we're at an elevated level at this point. I guess, the thing I would really point you to you though is my earlier comments. Around that -- based on our visibility to normalizing production flows, we're really seeing that moderate in the back half of the year and getting back to -- I'll say, maybe not exactly normal, but certainly an improved environment as we move through the balance of the year.
Todd Kahn: When you look at our business overall, as you know, we are very defined by different channels, what we're really pleased with is the increase in AUR across all of our channels. And that is the most important thing for us. So, we will have bags for $1,000 and we will have bags for $149. What we're doing is driving all of them up. And that's how we look at the business. And one of the things we've done differently now is when we design a bag, we actually think about the market where that bag will do the best and we price accordingly. In the past, we might have priced at the lowest common denominator, now we price at the highest common denominator.
Adrienne Yih: Fantastic. Very helpful. Best of luck.
Todd Kahn: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go now to Matthew Boss with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Matthew Boss: Great. Thanks. Joanne, on the continued outperformance of the Coach brand, I guess, how best to triangulate the outside strength that you're seeing from the digital channel to potential market share that you believe you're taking across categories exiting the pandemic. And Scott, any way to size up the multi-year margin opportunity from this structural model channel shift to digital over time?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. I'll keep it up. As we embarked on our acceleration program, we saw a huge opportunity to better understand and serve our customers where they wanted to shop and that really had us leaning into investments we had made historically, but leaning into our capabilities in digital and data. We are, as we said, 90% direct-to-consumer business. We know a lot about our customers, and we knew we had an opportunity to better engage our customers and meet customers as their shopping behaviors were changing. We have invested quite a bit and we've grown that business tremendously. We are seeing continued engagement at Coach, where we have runway, but across all of our brands, we're seeing continued engagement, customer acquisition through digital channels. That's not to say, that's our only focus. The Omni channel customer and customer shopping behaviors are changing and continue to change rapidly.  So, we're staying close to the customer and we want to be available with our brand to our customers where they want to shop and how they want to shop. And we're staying close to that, we're making the investments we need to make and we're seeing really high returns on those investments, leveraging data and getting closer to our consumers. Leaning into those digital capabilities has been paying off and it's not just acquisition, as I mentioned earlier. It's really -- once we acquire our consumers, driving and to drive higher lifetime value, and that's engaging them across our broad array of categories in each of our brands. So proud of the work the teams are doing. As I mentioned, it's early days for us, we're happy and very pleased with the traction we're seeing. But a long runway ahead.
Scott Roe: Maybe I'll just take in bridge from Joanne's comment to the longer-term structural margin, I guess. The first thing I need to remind you of is we have given the guidance beyond our current outlet. That -- there is -- we're not at a point where we're ready to have that conversation. But I would point you to the few things. You're exactly right. As we grow our digital business, it's one of our most profitable channels and actually our most profitable. And as Joanne said, it's? [Indiscernible] penetration is now 4 times what it was just 2 years ago. And the data and analytics that Joanne just outlined and some of the things Todd said around pricing and our opportunity, we see that, absolutely.  We're using data better understanding our consumer in a more intimate level, and all that gives us confidence that we can maintain our margins. On the other hand, don't forget, we are in an elevated cost environment, so that's not new. We've been seeing this for a while and input costs are up. The great news is we've got visibility to it, we see that we have the pricing power and that gives us confidence to maintain those margins overtime. So more to come as we get closer into next year, but I think what I hope you would take away from that is the things that we're seeing and demonstrating this year in our outlook are structurally favorable for us as we look to the future.
Matthew Boss: Great color. Best of luck.
Operator: We'll go now to you now, Brooke Roach, with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brooke Roach: Good morning and thank you so much for taking the question. Joanne, I wanted to follow up on the prior question on customer acquisition and retention. And you highlighted that customer re-engagement and transaction levels among those existing customers are really building a strong foundation and improving here. Could you possibly share some additional insight on what strategies have proven to be most effective in getting that customer to continue to come back and repeat and re-engage with that brand? And then Scott, maybe as a follow-up, some other companies have talked a lot about labor supply as being a big focus recently. Can you talk to the impact of your recent employee initiatives and your staffing levels? Maybe, what you're seeing in terms of wage rates at retail and in distribution centers going forward. Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Let me jump on the first part of your question. Consumer acquisition retention, repeat rates, we're seeing that across all of our brands and we've deployed strategies, really across our value chain. It's not one thing, it's really through the work of our acceleration program. It starts with getting to know our customers and being clear on who our target customers are for each of our brands and then serving those customers, understanding them, and then serving them with great creative product, and then making sure we've got the right assortments in the right places. So, we're leveraging data and analytics plus the creativity of our talent and creative teams to put the right assortments in the right places and manage inventory in the right way.  And then, the marketing investments that we've made as we structurally changed the pitch of our P&L to invest more in those things that will drive acquisition retention, those investments in the growth drivers in digital and in marketing. At the same time, we're doing that, we're increasing our -- improving our capabilities to understand and reach customers. So, we have specific strategies that we're executing. We've got a test-and-learn framework that our teams are executing under and we're innovating constantly as we learn how to better engage our consumers, bring them back more frequently, serve them better messaging. And those are the things that are working. And again, that's the power of the Tapestry platform. We're applying these capabilities across our brands, and we're seeing traction across our brands.
Todd Kahn: For just the Coach brand, I just can add two points: 1. Is -- and I think this is true for all our brands, we are leaning into values and sense of community. And that is resonating. And one of the things that has worked extremely well for us is the Coach insider program. If we can get our new clients to join us as Coach insiders, their frequency of purchased lifetime value increases manifold. And the Coach insider program is not a discount program, it's not a points programs; it's about community, it's about access. And that has created a really terrific basis to not invest, have the One and Done scenario, but instead, create multiple purchase over our lifetime.
Scott Roe: And Brooke, I'll address the second part of your question around labor supply. We're not immune to the challenges that everybody sees out there. But I guess, as I look at it, the good news here is we're not just beginning to address this issue. This has been a multiyear journey. Not just on wages. You might recall earlier in the year we talked about raising wages in the $15 minimum and things that we have done on the -- to be competitive from a cost stare or a wage dollar amount standpoint. But I think, maybe even more important is the focus on engagement of the employees as someone relatively new to the story here.  As I've come in, I've been very impressed with how high the engagement scores are, on our retail employees and distribution centers. This is an area that's been a long-term focus. It's the people centered approach. And that double prong of focusing on the people and also making sure we're competitive, so far has been a pretty good formula for us in terms of getting the labor that we need. Of course, we're not immune to the situations that are going on.
Brooke Roach: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A. I will now turn the call over to management for some concluding remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you, Catherine. The Q1 was a strong quarter for Tapestry with outperformance across all brands. We are building momentum and our confidence in the tremendous runway ahead for our brands is underscored by the increased guidance and shareholder returns we announced today. We've moved quickly and decisively in navigating industry-wide headwinds to meet rising demand for our brands. As always, our results are driven by our passionate teams who are moving with greater agility and are ready to deliver for our customers this holiday and beyond. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning and have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at any time.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-08-19 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Please stand by. Our program is about to begin. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. After the speaker's opening remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Global Head of Investor Relations at Tapestry, Christina Colone. Please, go ahead.
Christina Colone: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our Fourth Quarter and full-year results, as well as our strategies and outlook, Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry Chief Executive Officer, and Scott Roe, Tapestry Chief Financial Officer and Head of Strategy.Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. These includes projections for our business and the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual. Along with [Indiscernible] by 22. Scott will continue with our financial results and priorities going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO, and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome everyone. We delivered standout results in Fiscal 2021, a transformational year for Tapestry. We are a fundamentally different Company today than we were just one year ago.Through our acceleration program, we reached new customers in new ways, and effectively adapted to a rapidly changing environment. Our success is a testament to our powerful brand and talented teams. We achieved many strategic milestones this year which have strengthened our organization.We've sharpened our focus on the consumer and clarified the unique positioning of each of our brands. This drove improvements in key customer metrics, including recruitment, retention, and reactivation. We enhanced our digital capabilities highlighted by our global e-commerce channel, a margin [Indiscernible] business for Tapestry, reaching approximately $1.6 billion in revenue.Nearly doubling versus prior-year, and over $1 billion ahead of pre-pandemic level. This was fueled by the acquisition of nearly 4 million new customers in North America alone including a growing number of millennial and Gen Z consumers and we sustained double-digit e-commerce sales growth in the fourth quarter even as we lapped more difficult comparisons online. At the same time, we drove continued sequential sales improvement for our global store fleet with operating margins that were once again above pre-pandemic levels.We further strengthened our positioning in China, which still has tremendous runway supported by the growth of the rising middle-class. In fact, Tapestry's business in Greater China reached $1.1 billion in sales this fiscal year, led by over 60% growth on the Mainland.And at the same time, we grew our business with Chinese consumers globally, increasing at a high single-digit rate as compared to pre-pandemic levels. We successfully leveraged data and analytics, embedding capabilities across the Company to enhance our understanding of the customer, increased responsiveness, and drive faster, more effective decision-making.This is underpinned our ability to optimize the assortment planning process, lower SKU counts by 40% to 45%. And reduced promotional activity supporting higher AUR and gross margin, as well as improved inventory turns. We also embrace new ways of working with a leaner operating model and more empowered teams.This resulted in $200 million of gross expense savings in fiscal year 21, which funded investments in areas such as digital and marketing to fuel our continued growth as well as our purpose-led initiatives to accelerate and amplify our work within our social fabric to affect positive change for our industry and stakeholders. Importantly, the traction of our strategy is clearly evidenced by our financial performance including the achievement of record operating margin is Tapestry Inc., as well as operating income in EPS growth versus both FY20 and FY19 in each quarter of the year.We also exceeded pre-pandemic sales in the fourth quarter, representing an important financial milestones. In addition, we generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow and ended the year in a strong cash position, while reducing our leverage through organic profit growth, and the paydown of the companies revolver.Given our strong financial position and underlying business trends, our Board of Directors approved the reinstatement of our capital return programs with a plan to return over $750 million to shareholders through both dividend and share repurchases in fiscal year 22. These actions underscore our conviction in Tapestry's ability to drive long-term growth along with our commitment to enhancing value for our stakeholders.Scott will discuss our capital allocation priorities in more detail, shortly. Now, let me touch on our results and strategies for Coach, Kate Spade, and Stuart Weitzman. Coach, our largest brand led Tapestry outperforming in each quarter of the year.The brand fueled momentum through innovation across consumer touchpoints, driving engagement with new and existing customers. During the fourth quarter, Coach revenue rose 117% versus prior year, outpacing pre-pandemic level of sales by 2%. A meaningful achievement given the [Indiscernible] backdrop.In addition, we delivered significant profitability enhancements during the fiscal year resulting in operating income increases of 67% on a one-year basis, and 14% on a two-year basis. This outstanding performance was the result of both gross margin expansion and SG&A leverage, reflecting strategic actions and structural changes we've made to sustain long-term growth. Throughout the fiscal year, we made significant progress at Coach against the pillars of our multi-year growth agenda.First, we deepened our engagement with consumers by leaning into our brand values of inclusivity and authenticity. To drive increased recruitment and reactivation. In addition, through the launch of our loyalty program in North America, and more targeted marketing, we drove significant gains in the number of repeat transactions.Second, we created innovative, unique, and compelling products to meet the needs of our target consumer segment. We're building enduring icons that create a foundation for our product pipeline and future seasons.This was evidenced by the recent success of newness within the Tabby family, including our Pillow and Mini versions. In addition, we saw a continued strengthen in our Signature platforms across an expanded assortment of refresh styles, highlighting desirability for the brand. Third, we drove triple-digit sales growth in our digital channels on both the 1 and 2-year basis led by new customer recruitment.During the fiscal year, we acquired nearly 2.5 million new Coach customers through our digital channels in North America alone, a meaningful increase versus prior year. Importantly, we sustained strong momentum in the fourth quarter, even as we comped our digital initiatives in the initial uplift in e-com sales that occurred during the pandemic in the prior year, highlighting continued opportunity in the channel.Fourth, we accelerated growth in China by leveraging our foundation in the country which resulted in over 60% revenue growth on the Mainland in FY21 with strength across channels. This performance reflected our integrated and comprehensive brand-building strategies, including investments in marketing, innovative product, and a continued focus on digital channels. Most recently, we hosted our live streams fashion show in Shanghai, which was extremely well received and highlights our commitment to the Chinese consumer.Finally, we enhanced profitability to realize an operating margin of over 31%. This performance was driven by a higher gross margin, which reached nearly 74% through a focus on streamlining our offering, sharpening our merchandising efforts in reducing SKU counts by approximately 45%. These initiatives resulted in global handbag AUR growth in each quarter of the fiscal year.In fact, in the Fourth Quarter, our handbag AUR rose high single-digits globally, led by particular strength in North America. In addition, we made structural changes to SG&A including our fleet optimization efforts. Looking ahead to FY 22, our goals are to increase market share in our core handbag and small leather goods categories through a combination of AUR and in China, with key initiatives to capitalize on market trends of the emerging middle-class, and increased digitalization.And grow [Indiscernible] by expanding lifestyle, building brand awareness and increasing our presence in Asia, in keeping with our ambition to deliver over $1 billion in revenue in this category over our planning horizon. In summary, Coach is both a remarkable 80-year history and a bright future. We are confident that the deliberate actions we've taken to improve the foundation of the brand, including the realization of higher AUR and stronger margin are sustainable over the long term as revenue continues to inflect.We're continuing to improve on the momentum we've built to drive market share gains, its sustainably high margins in Fiscal 22 and beyond. Now moving to Kate Spade, throughout the year, the brand delivered consistent improvement on the top line, resulting in fiscal year 21 sales growth of 3% compared to prior year, or 13% decline compared to pre-pandemic revenue levels. In the most recent quarter, sales increased 95% versus prior year and were 4% below fiscal year 19.Direct sales in the Fourth Quarter, excluding wholesale, increased on a two-year basis. In addition, for both the quarter and fiscal year, operating income rose meaningfully with margin expansion compared to prior year on both a stronger gross margin and SG&A leverage. We were pleased with Kate Spade 's progress across its growth strategy, which highlights the traction we're making to build stronger connections with consumers.In fiscal 21, we crystallize the brand's purpose, returning to its roots of unique and best-in-class storytelling and fulfilling its promises, a lifestyle brand representing joy, optimism and color. During the most recent quarter, we continued to reengage lapsed customers at an increasing rate as we reactivated 550,000 customers through our North America digital channels, an increase of nearly 35% compared to prior year, demonstrating our focus on building lasting relationships with our customers. Second, we embedded a laser focus on the customer by harnessing the power of the broad and loyal Kate Spade community to engage consumers in new and exciting ways.This was evidenced by our viral Happy Dance campaign on Tick - Tock, which has over 11 billion views and counting. Third, we re-energized our core handbag offering by introducing innovative and universal brand elements. We're seeing traction in leather with the introduction of the Knot which has already grown to approximately 20% of our retail assortment, proving its position as a key family in the assortment going forward.In addition, our new signature branding, the Spade Flower, continues to perform while the re-imagined Sam and Nylon has outpaced expectations. These platforms represent strong foundations for future growth. Fourth, we leaned into our digital strength, delivering approximately 35% growth compared to prior year across our e-commerce channels, reaching 35% of sales for the fiscal year.This growth was driven by both the acquisition of nearly 1.4 million new customers through our North America digital channels, as well as the engagement of existing customers. Fifth, we improved profitability by focusing on acquiring, re-engaging, and retaining customers to drive top and bottom-line growth. Through the use of data, we adjusted our assortment and pricing strategies which resulted in approximately 40% lower SKU count and disciplined promotional activity.This ultimately drove overall handbag AUR growth, which increased mid-single-digits in both the Fourth Quarter and for the fiscal year. Finally, we've continued to focus on talent and culture. This year, we reorganized our creative structure with the formation of the cross-functional ideation studio.Spanning across our brand creative, design, merchandising, and marketing teams. This is increased collaboration and cohesion to drive more impactful and consistent storytelling. As we head into fiscal '22, we are building on the strong foundation we've established with a goal to deliver profitable and sustainable global growth.To achieve this, we will maintain a consumer-centric approach across all aspects of the business, amplify recent product introductions while continuing to build out our core handbag platforms, continue to engage newly acquired, reactivated and existing customers to drive higher lifetime value, drive brand heat through marketing focused on our Kate Spade community, particularly in social channels. Maximize lifestyle positioning by strengthening the foundation of ready-to-wear jewelry and footwear, and improve the global omni-channel experience and drive continued growth in digital.Overall, we're pleased with Kate Spade execution and the traction we gained with consumers in Fiscal 2021, including AUR improvement and strong customer engagement. This progress is reflected in Kate Spade out-performance versus internal expectations, reinforcing our confidence in the brand's potential.Kate Spade is a unique, yet universal brand and our teams are galvanized around driving our clear strategy. We continue to believe in a significant runway ahead and our ability to achieve $2 billion in revenue and enhance profitability in the future. Turning now to Stuart Weitzman.Throughout the fiscal year, the brand progress on its growth strategies. Specifically, we continue to renew the brand's reputation for fit, comfort, and quality by listening and responding to customer needs. During the Fourth Quarter, we were pleased to see a significant increase in demand for dress styles as much of the world began to reopen, and the events and in-person socialization returns.Second, we grew our key categories by building strength in boots, booties, and sandals through fashion innovation, highlighted by the continued success of our iconic 50-50 land and nudist families, which brought in new and younger customers. We also expanded the casual assortment, including a broader sneaker offering and the recently introduced on-trend jelly styles. At the same time, we dramatically simplified the product assortment with SKU counts declining approximately 45%.Third, we focused our distribution on markets and channels of greatest opportunity to create a foundation to return to profitability as revenues inflect. This included the exit of unprofitable markets across the globe and rightsizing of the fleet in North America.At the same time, momentum continued for our China business in fiscal '21 with revenue on the Mainland increasing over 35% compared to prior year, or nearly 50% on a two-year basis. We kept the Chinese consumer at the forefront of our strategy, highlighted by our tailored product offerings featuring capsule collections, relevant marketing with key opinion leaders and continued out-performance across digital channels.China remains an important area of long-term opportunity for Stuart Weitzman as structurally higher margins. For us, we strengthened our relationship with wholesale partners by providing relevant products, and faster, more consistent execution.As previously shared, we re-entered 90 Nordstrom doors in the year, fueling North America wholesale revenue ahead of pre-pandemic levels in the fourth quarter with a focus on must-have launches featuring icons, key items, and capsule collections, as well as [Indiscernible] -- differentiated platform. Although, the environment remains volatile, we see a strong consumer who is ready to shop and continuing to engage with our brand.We entered fiscal year 22 with a solid foundation, improved capabilities, and increasing momentum. From this position of strength, we are confident in our ability to win with consumers and capture market share accelerating growth and profitability across our portfolio, long-term enhancing value for all stakeholders. With that, I'm pleased to welcome Scott Roe, who many of you know, to discuss our financial results, capital allocation priorities in fiscal 22 outlook, Scott?
Scott Roe: Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. I'm thrilled to be with you today after joining Tapestry just a few months ago. While I'm still relatively new, I can already see that this is a truly unique Company with strong, and engaged talent.Great brands that are well-positioned in attractive market spaces, and a distribution model that allows us to directly own our consumer relationships coupled with advanced digital and analytics capabilities. As we move forward, my focus is to work alongside our management team to align business, and financial strategies, to drive sustainable, long-term growth which profits shareholders and all stakeholders alike.Looking back at FY21, it was a transformational year for the organization as Joanne mentioned. We effectively executed our acceleration program against the difficult backdrop, created a foundation for sustainable growth.Specifically, we increased the penetration of our margin accretive, digital and China businesses, which led overall growth in the fiscal year. We expanded gross margins primarily through higher AURs driven by lower levels of promotional activity.We grew operating margin by 300 basis points versus FY19, reaching peak levels with Tapestry. This despite significant investments in talent, digital capabilities, and marketing, which were more than funded by gross profit gains and $200 million in gross SG&A savings delivered through the acceleration program.And we further strengthened our financial position through tight inventory management and a reduction in debt levels while achieving $1.2 billion in free cash flow, resulting in an ending cash position of approximately $2 billion. Turning to the details of the Fourth Quarter, total sales rose a 126% versus prior year on a 14-week basis, or a 113% on a 13-week basis outpacing pre-pandemic levels, an important milestone.These results were led by strength at Coach while Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman delivered material sequential improvements in trends. By region, North America led the overall growth rising approximately a 150% versus FY20 and a high single-digit percentage versus FY19., fueled by digital and a continued improvement in our brick-and-mortar businesses. In mainland China our strong momentum continued, as revenue increased approximately 60% on a one-year basis and over 40% compared to pre-pandemic levels.Across the balance of Asia, sales rose materially compared to the prior year, the remain below pre-pandemic levels with notable pressure in Japan, given the continued state of emergency and lack of tourist sales. And Europe, while a small portion of our total sales, experienced a sequential improvement in trends on both a one-end to your basis as locked down measures were lifted.And while revenue remained well below Fiscal 19, given the lack of tourist travel, our local demand did rise in the quarter. By channel, we maintained strengthened digital, which grew more than 35% compared to prior year, reaching 30% penetration. That's three times 2019 levels.While our stores remain pressured, slightly better traffic drove a sequential improvement for the channel. And at wholesale, while revenue remained below FY19, trends improved with particular strength in duty-free growth in China. Moving down to P&L, we realized another quarter of overall gross margin expansion compared to prior year and FY19, with all brands exceeding expectations. We continued to successfully execute our strategy to maintain price discipline, reduced SKU counts, and leverage data analytics to more effectively tailor our product assortment and marketing messaging to the consumer. As anticipated, SG&A rose significantly given the prior year's atypical comparison due to the impact of COVID-19.At a two-year basis, the increase in SG&A was attributable to higher marketing spend of almost $100 million compared to Q4 - Fourth Quarter '19, and an increase in our annual incentive plan given our out-performance this year. In addition, our expenses for the quarter included the $25 million contribution towards the endowment of the newly established Tapestry Foundation.Taken together, we achieved our fourth consecutive quarter of operating income growth and margin expansion compared the pre-pandemic levels. Earnings per diluted shares for the quarter was $0.74 on a 14-week basis or $0.65 on a 13-week basis, a significant increase compared to a loss in the prior year, and 7% ahead of pre-pandemic EPS levels.Now moving to distribution. We continued to optimize our global fleet to prioritize profitability. For Tapestry, we closed a net of 59 locations globally in FY21, including 10 net closures in the fourth quarter. As compared to Fiscal 19 year-end, we have closed a net of 90 locations across our brands.Turning to a discussion of our balance sheet and cash flows, we ended the quarter in a strong position with $2 billion in cash and equivalents and total borrowings of $1.6 billion. Total inventory at quarter-end was approximately in line with last year and 6% below FY19, reflecting in part deliberate actions to reduce SKU counts and prioritize inventory turn.And we generated $1.2 billion in free cash flow in FY21 versus $202 million in the prior year and $518 million in Fiscal19. This included CapEx of $116 million, a decline of 44% versus prior year, as we prioritize investments in high return projects, notably in digital, while tightly controlling overall spend and reducing our outlay for new stores.Now touching on our capital allocation priorities. First, we continue to prioritize investments in the business to support strong returns and long-term profitable growth. Second, we're committed to returning capital to shareholders through both dividend and share repurchases.In keeping with this strategy, we are pleased to announce today a plan to return over $750 million to shareholders. Specifically, the board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.25 with an anticipated annual dividend rate of a dollar per share.Over time, our intent is to increase the dividend at a faster rate than earnings growth. We also expect to repurchase approximately $500 million worth of stock in FY22 under our current authorization. Importantly, once we have more visibility and do a normalization in the external environment, we expect over time to more aggressively return cash to shareholders.Finally, in keeping with our objective to reduce leverage, we expect to repay our July 2022 bonds, totaling $400 million at the end of this fiscal year. So when considered together, the dividend share repurchase and debt repayment are intended to approximately equal our projected free cash flow in the fiscal year.And as Joanne mentioned, these actions demonstrate our confidence in the underlying strength of our business, as well as our commitment to driving total shareholder returns. Now moving to our Fiscal 22 outlet. Before touching on the specific details, it's important to note the paradigm shift compared to just a year ago.Entering COVID, there was a macro demand concern and we took bold actions to adjust supply in order to preserve liquidity. As you can see on our adjust reported results, we were very successful in achieving our goals while continuing to accelerate investments to drive increasing momentum in our brands. Today, we find ourselves in a dynamic where the consumer demand backdrop is strong, while supply chain remains challenging.So I want to emphasize the underlying strength in trend of our business and separate that from the uncertainty in the macro-environment, primarily due to COVID-related impacts, which are largely out of our control. Therefore, the outlook we're giving you as a reflection of what we know as of today.It's a point in time. While we have visibility into the risks that we see on the horizon, we're not trying to predict that, which is unknowable. We have taken the position that we'll be aggressive on protecting the momentum of the business, by securing significant expedited deliveries at an additional cost in order to mitigate the impact of supply chain disruptions, at least through the holiday period.Further we'll continue to increase AUR as prices are levered to counter some of the additional cost pressures. Of course, we'll continue to monitor the impact of the new development on our outlook over time. Now, turning to the details of our FY22 outlook.Please note that all growth rates as compared to prior year, are on a comparable 52-week basis. We expect revenue to increase at a mid-teens rate versus FY21 resulting in approximately $6.4 billion in sales which would mark a record for the Company.This includes the expectation for a continuation of strong growth in digital and Greater China as well as improving global trends in stores. While we expect stores to show improvement, revenue is currently planned to remain below a pre-pandemic levels. Turning to gross margin, we expect to sustain the Company's strong margins through continued AUR improvements and lower promotional activity.Our outlook also incorporates the expectation for GSP's renewal, for the retroactive benefit in the second fiscal quarter, which is currently planned to partially mitigate the negative impact associated with higher freight costs currently embedded in our plan. Touching on SG&A, we expect expenses to grow relatively in line with sales for the year.We continue to estimate that we will realize approximately $300 million in structural gross run rate expense savings, including a $100 million of incremental savings from the prior year. We are utilizing these savings to fund investments in the business, including $50 million of planned higher marketing spend, which is expected to represent approximately 7% of sales in fiscal '22, up roughly 75% or 3 full percentage points compared to FY19.We're also investing in our teams, adding talent to growing areas of the business such as digital. And we're focused on continuing to retain and develop these strong teams as evidenced by our recently announced commitment that all U.S.Tapestry employees will earn at least $15 per hour. Operating income is expected to increase at a mid-teens rate, resulting in operating margin modestly ahead of prior year, and an increase of over 300 basis points versus 2019. Net interest expense for the year is expected to be $65 million, and the tax rate is estimated at 18.5%, assuming a continuation of current tax laws.Weighted average diluted share count is forecasted to be in the area of 283 million shares. Approximately even with last year with share repurchase activity expected to offset dilution. We anticipate EPS to be in the range of $3.30 to $3.35, reflecting leverage to the bottom line.CapEx for the year is projected to be about $220 million. We anticipate approximately 40% of the spend to be related to store development, primarily in China with a balance dedicated to our digital and IT initiatives, including the initial investments related to build-out our new distribution center.Specifically, as our digital business continues to grow, we've recognized the opportunity to sharpen our focus on the consumer by expanding our distribution capabilities. We recently signed a lease for a new distribution facility based in Las Vegas, which we believe will allow us to better serve our customers in the western part of the U.S..Finally, we expect inventory levels to be up meaningfully throughout the year as we pull forward receipts to match strong demand in phase elongated lead times from supply chain pressures due to COVID disruptions. Given the dynamic environment and last year's atypical comparisons, we, again, expect significant variability by quarter.Revenue growth versus prior year is expected to be front-half weighted, given relatively easier compares due to lapping COVID impacts, with the first quarter foretasted to increase more than 20%. Earnings growth in the first half is expected to be somewhat pressured due to incremental SG&A investments, along with last year's unusual compare, including lower expenses due to compensation reductions, lease abatements, and the timing of government assistance. That said we still expect EPS growth in the first half versus prior year, particularly in Q1.So in closing, we drove strong results in FY21 by our significant progress is a testament to the successful execution by our passionate teams, the power of our brands, and our competitive advantages including our differentiated platform. The bold and deliberate actions we've made under Tapestry's acceleration program has transformed our organization.These changes are foundational, and will continue to be a meaningful point of difference for our brand. As we look ahead with regard to those things, we can control, we're continuing to build momentum and we are confident in our ability to leverage the solid foundation to drive sustainable top and bottom-line growth across our portfolio brand.And with respect to those things we can't control, we've taken aggressive actions to protect our strong momentum, and mitigate those macro challenges we see today. Our conviction is underscored by our capital allocation actions, highlighting our optimism for the future and commitment to an enhancing value for all stakeholders. I'd now like to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will take our first question from Robert Drbul with Guggenheim, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Robert Drbul: Good morning. And Scott, welcome and congratulations. My question I have generally, Joanne, you mentioned improving consumer demand and continued momentum into FY22. What signs give you confidence in the strong trajectory that you guys do have planned? Thanks. [Indiscernible].
Scott Roe: Joanne, start again. I think your mic was off.
Joanne Crevoiserat: I'm sorry. Can you hear me?
Scott Roe: Yes
Robert Drbul: Yes, I can.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Okay. Sorry about that, Bob. You would think we get the mute button down by now. Good morning. I would say that our confidence begins with the standout results we delivered this fiscal year. Fiscal '21 was a year of successful transformation for the Company, and it was capped by a strong fourth quarter.  We saw sales trends improve every quarter of the year and exceeded pre-pandemic levels in the fourth quarter. For the year, we delivered record operating income and record operating margin as a multi-brand Company, despite the challenging backdrop. And we see momentum building as we enter Fiscal '22.  And you can see that in the outlook we shared. We expect to reach a record level of revenue for Fiscal '22 at $6.4 billion on mid-teens growth. And we see further uncapped potential longer term, particularly in digital and China, and those represent sustainable top and bottom-line growth vehicles going forward.  I think importantly, we're investing in long-term growth drivers, we're investing in marketing and we're investing in digital and our people. And while we've made significant progress this past year, we're just getting started. As Scott said, we're operating from a position of strength as a fundamentally different Company today.  We're reaching through our acceleration program, we took bold actions and we're now reaching new customers in new ways as a more agile organization. The actions we took not only delivered a strong year but positioned us to thrive on the other side of the pandemic. We're better equipped as a Company, I would say, to pull these levers, growth levers going forward.  We have new capabilities to engage consumers and drive higher lifetime value. And we have 4,000,000 new consumers that we acquired in the last year alone who are increasingly younger. We have -- we're delivering really strong gross margins at increasing AUR, showing pricing power in our brand, and we have a direct-to-consumer model building strength in digital and China with significant runway ahead.  And Scott also mentioned we have a strong team, and we continue to invest in our team to secure that competitive advantage. So I would say, overall, we're operating from a position of strength. We're building momentum and we see significant runway ahead for all of our brands.
Robert Drbul: Great. Thank you very much. Good luck.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Then we will take our next question from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. Please, go ahead. Your line is open.
Ike Boruchow: Thank you. Good morning. Congrats, everyone. I guess, Scott, welcome. Two questions for you. One quick one and then one more higher level. Just on the second quarter, you talked about the retroactive GSP benefit.  Can you quantify that for us so we know what to expect on the gross margin line? And then, again, bigger picture having you join TPR. Clearly, we all know your background from VF portfolio optimization. I'm kind of curious when you look at TPR, do you see some of the same opportunities that you have at your prior Company?  Do you see opportunities for creating a more efficient portfolio, potential divestitures? And then again, when you think about the M&A platform here versus your prior Company, do you see similarities over the next couple year that you can capitalize on? Thank you.
Scott Roe: That -- Good to hear from you. That was quite a question, man. First of all, tactically, GSP, it's about 50 basis points from a margin standpoint. So, and you're right, I said in my prepared remarks second quarter. So that means a little bit of a drag in the first quarter as you're not seeing that take effect and our thought is that and hope is that it will be reestablished.  I think 10 out of the last 14 times this has come up it's been approved, so we have solid basis for making that assumption, but it's not done until it's done. So we wanted to give you all visibility into that. Observations about Tapestry, I'm going to take it a little higher level.  First of all, what a great team. I'd been so impressed by the people and the capabilities. This is a team that has taken bold action over the last -- we haven't wasted the pandemic and the focus around building those foundational platform capabilities is impressive. You see it in the numbers.  You see evidence of that and we've got three great brands that are focused on attractive market spaces, and we've got a lot of work to do. So over time, I see -- I laid out capital allocation priorities, which are investing in our great brands. That's our highest return today. Number 2, the dividend, we -- you saw we reinstated that, and returning cash to shareholders.  That's where our focus is right now. Longer-term, who knows what the future brings, but we've got really exciting opportunities with high returns right in front of us, and that's where we're going to be focused.
Ike Boruchow: Great. Good luck.
Scott Roe: Thanks, Ike.
Robert Drbul: Scott, I guess you answered all the questions.
Scott Roe: Yeah after -- I could just went dead. We may be live.
Christina Colone: Operator, we'll take the next question.
Joanne Crevoiserat: We appear to be having technical difficulties, everyone. Hang in there. Hopefully, we'll be able to take all your questions, and even if we have to spend a little more time on the other side of the hour.
Operator: Please standby as we're experiencing technical difficulties. We'll take our next question from Erinn Murphy with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Erinn Murphy: Great, awesome, nice to be back into Q&A. So welcome, Scott and I can't wait to hear or see the man satchel you'll be sporting next time we all travel together. I guess, it's going to be an upgrade.  So I guess my question is, on the Kate Spade margins. It's really good to see some of the green shoots that you have there now and the expansion relative to 2019, but they still trail the Coach brand by 20%. So just curious, I guess maybe Joanne and Scott for you, how you see that evolving over time?  And really, what's the potential with the Kate Spade margin profile over time? And then if I can just have a clarification from Todd, the AUR for Coach, I believe you said was up high single-digit. How did that compare outlet versus full price in the quarter? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Erinn. This is Joanne. I'll jump right into the Kate Spade question. We are really pleased with our execution in Fiscal '21 and we made important progress. You noted the progress on margin, but we made important progress across the foundations of the brand. I'll just call out a few highlights.  Kate is highly digitally penetrated. We showed continued strength in the digital channel. It now represents nearly 35% of sales for the brand. We're acquiring new customers, 1.4 million new customers during the year, and we're reactivating customers at a more frequent rate. So 550,000 customers reactivated, a 35% increase from last year, and some of those customers are deeply lapsed customers.  So when we think about the Kate Spade brand and engaging consumers, and really building, rebuilding the brand, we made really important progress. And I would say that partly is due to the fact that we've re-energized our core handbag offering. [Indiscernible] and team have worked really quickly to build a stronger, more solid platform.  We're seeing traction across our leather platform with the Knot. Our signature platform we've talked about with the Spade Flower, and our Nylon platform with the re-imagined sandbag. And what we're seeing is the customer reacting to those changes in our assortment with increased global handbag AUR.  So with handbag AUR s moving higher, that's another sign of brand health. So longer term, we continue to have and see a path for Kate Spade to build to a $2 billion brand, and to your point, at significantly higher margins. We see a path to high teens margin opportunity. And as you compared versus Coach, Kate Spade is a true full lifestyle brand, and there are some differences to the Coach business today.  Kate Spade has, as I said, more lifestyle categories. And right now, as a brand, it's centered more North America. And Japan [Indiscernible] have as developed an international business. But we see those as opportunities moving forward.
Todd Kahn: Just picking up on Coach. We were really pleased with the continued AUR growth we saw in handbags this quarter. In fact, it was the 9th quarter in a row that we increased our AUR and it really was led by North America. And we don't disaggregate AUR by channel, but I will tell you both channels had increases in AUR and we feel really pleased with what we're accomplishing and what we can accomplish in front of us.
Erinn Murphy: Thank you, both.
Operator: And we will go next to Mark Altschwager with Baird. Your line is open.
Mark Altschwager: Great. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the solid results here. So to start off just with the top line guide for the year, the mid-teens sales growth, can you give us a bit more color on what outlook looks like by brand there? Any big differences in terms of the contribution of units versus AUR, as you look across the portfolio?
Scott Roe: We don't break down the guides specifically by brand, but obviously with, by the way, record earnings -- record top-line estimated 6.4 billion and with Coach being roughly 3 quarters of the total. You can assume that very strong top-line growth [Indiscernible] in, and really sequential across all the brands, right?  We're seeing the strong improvement that we saw last year continuing into this year. So growth in all, and I just know that you talked about top-line but we're also returning to profitability on Stuart(ph) next year is our expectation. So really, really strong continued momentum across all but of course, Coach just [Indiscernible] mathematics is driving the lion's share of that.
Mark Altschwager: That makes sense. Thanks. And then, Scott, just following up on SG&A, it sounds like you plan to keep pace with SG&A spends to revenue this year as you reinvest. Can you just speak to the level of flexibility in those plans?  I guess, asked another way, should we expect EBITDA growth, at least in line with sales regardless of how the operating environment evolves through the year? Thank you.
Scott Roe: Yeah, sure, Mark. We've talked about next year that we're consolidating these record margins and even expect slight improvement next year. And as it relates to SG&A -- So that's the overall picture. As it relates to SG&A, remember what Joanne said. We're saying it's about flat or in the neighborhood as last year as a percentage of sales.  But underneath that, there's a lot going on. We continue to invest in those platforms and growth drivers for the long term. Joanne mentioned marketing. I had it in my prepared remarks, our digital capabilities, analytics, etc.  But underneath that, the acceleration program, and as the savings according or attendant to that have given us the ability to see leverage elsewhere. So some of these things are certainly variable, right? I mean, we can -- we flex and we do. Based on the data and analytics, and the insights that we see, we lean into marketing where we see that we have returns.  Certainly, those are choices that we can make, and we do have some optionality, and variability in the model. But I got to tell you, we're seeing results from continuing to invest, creating that flywheel effect, and based on our confidence of reinvesting back in our business, it's our intent to continue to do so. As evidenced by the strong trend, leaving the fourth quarter and leading into the guidance we just talked about for next year.
Mark Altschwager: That's great. Best of luck.
Scott Roe: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: And take our next question from Oliver Chen with Cowen. Please, go ahead.
Oliver Chen: Hi, thank you. The average unit retail momentum has been impressive. What do you see ahead as you anniversary increases and as you seek to continue to offer value to the customer? Would also love your thoughts on the evolution of the Coach brand as a lifestyle brand.  As you think about footwear and men's and other categories, what will be some priorities and how are you thinking about the handbag families, such as Tabby and others relative to how you thought about handbag family groups in the past? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning, Oliver. Let me jump on that and then I'll toss it to Todd to get into the details of Coach. As it relates to AUR, we've been really pleased with the AUR growth that we've seen across our brands in the past year and we've been focused on implementing, and embedding the structural changes in our organization to help us do that.  We are getting closer to our consumers, certainly, which is helping us deliver great product that our consumers value. Embedding data and insights into our processes more but we're also leveraging data to better manage our assortments. And you've seen that in the SKU count reductions we've made, and the way we've managed inventory across the world in an environment that has a lot of choppiness to it.  So those are structural changes that we've made and they have proven benefits on AUR and gross margin expansion over this year, and we expect that to continue. On your specific question on Coach, I'll let Todd talk about the success that he's seen.
Todd Kahn: Yes. Thank you. We are really pleased with how we've changed the brand very materially over the last year, partly because of the acceleration program and probably because we really changed the conversation with our customer from leaning in, and the call to action being around price and promotion, to move to value and values.  And this has really fundamentally changed us, and there has really increased our AUR. Our approach to how we merchandise is fundamentally different. We have reduced our SKUs, but we've leaned into Icon and Stewart [Indiscernible] (ph) and the creative team have been getting data from the customer and really leaning in.  So, you mentioned Tabby. Tabby is a brand -- is a collection we launched in June of 2019. By February of 2021, it would normally have been out of the mix. Instead, we doubled down, we re-launched it with Pillow Tabby. It became the number one bag. You saw this month we've launched Soft Tabby, and then we're going to see Pillow Tabby reemerge.  So having these iconic styles that are not so pressured by short selling window, really materially changes our outlook. And then regarding lifestyle, one of the opportunities I think we have is, well we call it [Indiscernible]. Men's product is an all-gender product often. And one of the things we recognize is we can do better, not necessarily merchandising at exactly the same way we merchandise historically women's product.  So you'll see us mix in more outerwear, more cut and sew opportunities. And it is really resonating with our customer. And then finally, I'm a big believer, and have been for many years, in the opportunities that we have with footwear.  And you're seeing it as win in those category, both in our own stores, retail and outlet, but even in wholesale, which is obviously a very competitive environment, but is the most democratic environment. And when we're winning there, we know we actually are winning in the category.
Oliver Chen: But if you're a new customer acquisition, Joanne, you called it out and it's great to see that. What's your hypothesis for what might be really important to retain the new customers? How that relates likely to innovation and what you need to do to engage those new [Indiscernible], as well as maintain existing. Thank you. Best regards.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Oliver. Driving engagement requires consistent and innovation. Innovation in products. We're learning a lot about those new customers and we're also engaging them in different ways. We're meeting our customers where they are and we're better capable to meet those customers and engage them with our data and analytics capabilities, with our increasing presence on social media, and the innovations we're bringing to life there.  And at the end of the day, it's about delivering great products. So taking those insights, and really understanding our consumer at a deeper level. And that's a lot of the foundation that we built this past year. is how do we really, truly understand our customer, our consumer, and embed that consumer and those insights in the product development process where our creative teams bring their terrific product and creativity to bear against things that consumers value. And our focus, moving ahead, is with all this new customer acquisitions, driving higher lifetime value with our consumers going forward.
Oliver Chen: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. Please, go ahead.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. Good morning. You talked about the expectation that store sales will remain below pre-pandemic levels. Have you been able to right-size the store-based cost structure, and how should we think about profitability of the fleet if this trend persists?
Joanne Crevoiserat: I'll start and maybe steal all of Scott's thunder here, but that has been -- we think stores matter. And as we focus on the consumer, it's about providing a seamless experience for our consumer regardless of where they choose to shop. And we've been incredibly successful at building a digital business and meeting our consumer on digital platforms.  But the store platform and that physical touchpoint is still important. If you go back a year, what we said is -- or more than a year now, we said, while stores are still important, we have higher profitability expectations for our fleet and productivity thresholds. We've taken bold actions to structure our fleet in that way, but we're also investing to make sure that that represents the right experience and the right physical touchpoint.  We're adding omnichannel capabilities for our consumers. And that's paying off. It's paying off on the top line but it's also because we've seen incremental growth in our brick-and-mortar fleet as the world recovers from the pandemic.  But what we've also seen importantly, and here's where I'm stealing a little bit of Scott's thunders, is we've seen operating margins of our store fleet actually above pre-pandemic levels even right now on depressed volume and a depressed traffic. So Scott, I don't know if there's anything you want to add. But I'll throw it to you.
Scott Roe: That's pretty comprehensive. The only -- it's really impressive. I just have to compliment the team on -- at the same time rationalizing and having topline, being down a little bit, the quality of the underlying remaining fleet in the profitability through pandemic is there's pretty impressive.  The other thing I would just say is, as we think about the omnichannel journey that we're on, remember Joanne's comment, a billion dollars more in digital at the same time, we're rationalizing, getting more profitable and brick-and-mortar, we're reinforcing the Omni-experience and added $1.6 billion of sale.  That's a billion dollars in 2 years. So it's not just one channel and increasingly it's how we meet that consumer where she is. And it's pretty impressive from my perspective, [Indiscernible] we've managed both of these channels, increasing profitability and at the same time, finding a foundation for future growth.
Todd Kahn: One thing and at the risk of piling on. What we've seen in North America, which really builds well for our store fleet is, with all of this digital growth, as we see a return to traffic in stores, in those areas, we have not seen our digital penetration, our digital sales in those areas shrink. So the wonderful thing, and this really brings home the point.  It is an omni world. It's an not an or. We see our ability to continue to grow digital, while seeing very profitable interaction in our stores as traffic returns.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Binetti with Credit Suisse. Please, go ahead.
Michael Binetti: Guys, let me add my congrats, Scott. Nice to hear you at another -- with another great team here.
Scott Roe: Thanks, Michael.
Michael Binetti: I want to -- I guess, Scott, I'll ask you on Slide 17 here in the deck, you mentioned improving visibility could let you more aggressively return cash to shareholders. I'm just curious, maybe a thought there early on here is, how you think about leverage in the business, given what we know about the very strong cash flows of this business pre-pandemic and that it's improving now?  I wonder how you think what the appropriate level is early on. And then, I'd also be curious on the SG&A guidance to follow up with Mark's question earlier. This will be the first year in a more normal environment, more normal after you to a big reset to the structure of SG&A last year. So, I know there's a lot more variability in there.  Have you took some corporate costs out, you're generating really good ROIs on the market investments you've made, sounds like you still have good growth from high-margin drivers like AUR, Kate margin targets high-teens overtime versus the 10% exit rate this year. So I'm just wondering, it seems like a lot of good margin drivers in there to the extent that we do see revenues coming in above plan. How should we think about what flows through to earnings this year and an upside scenario for revenues?
Scott Roe: First of all, Michael, good to talk to you again. As usual, very thorough and comprehensive on your insights here. So let's start with capital allocation and how we're thinking about. I think a little context first is important. First of all, don't lose the message here.  The reinstatement of the dividend, the reinstatement of the repurchase program, $750 million intended return of cash is really a testament to our underlying confidence in the business. So that -- I think that's the important message here.  And if you think about the journey over the last year, early on in COVID, given the massive uncertainty, and demand issues, we took a lot of actions to protect liquidity, to protect the enterprise with our rating agencies, bankers, bondholders, et cetera, there was a commitment on deleveraging in the glide path that we laid out.  So the great news here is we're able to not only advance on that glide path and even be a little ahead of it -- You heard us mentioned paying off the $400 million of debt at the end of this fiscal year, which is our intent and reinstate the dividend. And we still have a strong balance sheet, and we still have ample cash.  We're in between these two periods, right? Where we see much more confidence, and that's why we've stated the aggressive return to shareholder cash, returning cash to shareholders. But at the same time, we think it's prudent to take to keep a little elevated cash position given the uncertainty of the environment.  So my comment was really intended to signal that while we're definitely in a more confident position, we're engaging and repurchases and dividends. we're still maintaining an elevated buffer until we get better line of sight on what COVID Delta variant, etc. beyond uncertainty, how that evolves.  Once we have that confidence, there is no reason to that we wouldn't be -- go back to kind of normal levels and we have opportunities to be even a little more aggressive from a return of cash to shareholders. So that was the intent, right? To say, we're not going ditch to ditch here. Right?  We've made progress, but we want to watch the uncertainty. As it relates to margin flows, again, I'd point you back SG&A, the picture there is the tale of two things. We have the benefits around acceleration, which are providing leverage throughout the P&L and allowed us to reinvest. Obviously, in a very -- we have variability and we're making choices.  Those choices are based on the insights and data that we have. And we've seen it pay off, right? So that's why we've given guidance that says we do expect to expand margins next year. Should we get more upside? Would some of that flow through?  Depends, yes, likely, but we're also going to look at where we can lean in and advance our platforms and capabilities for the future. But we expect expanding margins and you should expect that some of that would flow through as we see upside.
Michael Binetti: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question from Brooke Roach with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brooke Roach: Good morning. Thanks so much. And thanks for taking the question, and Scott welcome.
Scott Roe: Thanks, Brooke.
Brooke Roach: I wanted to ask two quick questions. First with -- Joanne, can you talk to the plan step-up in marketing investments this year. Where those investments will be most focused in your excitement on brand-building into FY22? And then for Scott, I wanted to get your thoughts on industry-wide supply chain and freight costs.  How is Tapestry managing through some of these challenges? Can you provide any additional color on the impact of these industry-wide challenges that are embedded into your margin outlook for the fiscal year? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks Brooke. I'll start with our marketing spend. And I would say that we, as part of our transformation, we have fundamentally restructured our P&L with a focus on, and we did that really with a focus on how we were going to engage consumers and needed to engage consumers and sort of the new world of retailing and a post-pandemic era.  And we've made significant changes within the P&L. Scott called it out in his prepared remarks, but 3% higher investments in marketing, and we've done that with confidence because with our new data and analytics capabilities, we're better able to measure the return on our marketing investments.  And our intention is to structure our business so that we can continue to engage consumers across all of our brands, and create that -- and continue to create and hop into growth. And we have seen tremendous traction over the past year based on these capabilities.  The investments that we're making in marketing are across the funnel, and I think that's important to know too because as we get better at measuring our returns, we're getting better at measuring returns across the full funnel. So it's not only performance marketing, but it is about brand-building and measuring our returns on those brand-building investments we're making.  Of course, digital is a priority, we're better able to engage consumers on many digital platforms, and we're driving innovation there. We've called out the work we've done on live streaming and TikTok with even organic and viral videos on TikTok. So we're continuing to innovate. We're investing across the funnel. And we think that is an important enabler as we look to unlock future growth.
Scott Roe: And Brooke, as it relates to elevated costs that we're seeing, we are seeing some elevated costs primarily due to expedited freight, airfreight, essentially, as we absorb and deal with the supply chain disruptions that we see. And our outlook reflects additional airfreight really through the holiday period, which is as far as we can see in terms of getting the deliveries and trying to maintain the strong momentum we have.  You heard Joanne say it, right? We've -- The great those here is demand for our brands is strong. And while we see some disruption, we're taking bold actions, and we got out ahead of this a little bit in terms of securing as much supply as we can to keep that strong momentum going.  We talked about gross margins being roughly equal to this year. And then that means we're consolidating on record-high gross margins, up 300 basis points versus a couple of years ago. And underneath that, we have some elevated costs related expedited freight.  We also see the continuing build in AUR pricing leverage less discount, and the general trend of the business which is helping us offset that. So those are the puts and the takes. I would say though by quarter, it's not necessarily going to be a straight line. We're going to see, as some of this freight cost turns into the P&L, it may not come exactly matched with some of the price increases, but overtime for the year that's the picture that we see.
Brooke Roach: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our final question from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Kevin Lander: Hi, Good morning. This is Kevin [Indiscernible] for Matt Boss, congrats on the strong quarter. I wanted to ask about your inventory positioning, not flat relative to the prior year. I think that's a significant improvement versus the third quarter.  I guess, how do you feel about your ability to chase demand into what is expected to be a pretty robust back-to-school and holiday season for retail, given some of the disruption that we're seeing in the supply chain today? Thanks.
Scott Roe: Kevin, maybe I'll take that one or at least start. So first of all, yes, we had a great performance from an inventory standpoint. For all the reasons that have already been said and done versus last couple of years. This is part of a very focused effort and simplify, and reducing SKU and seeing real progress there, and it's one of the factors for cash flow.  But as we look to next year, we are going to see elevated inventory positions, starting in the first quarter. And the reason for that is twofold. Number one, just supporting the growth of the business. Number two, we're expedited, as I said, what we can to bring in inventory, whether it be even by air or by sea. sea, we're getting inventory in as fast as we can reasonably do in order to keep the momentum of the business.  And those factors together are going to be a slightly elevated increase in inventory, but I have no concerns about this at all. This is inventory that is supporting the trend of the business. And frankly, if we could get more, we probably would. So you're going to see that dynamic play out. It's not significant, but understand what's really driving it.  And you asked about our ability to chase. Listen, we're doing what we can. I just told you, expedited air freight. We're looking to I think we were quick to get in front of our suppliers and we've secured what we can. So to the best of our ability, we will chase it. It's going to be a difficult environment to chase, frankly, given the dynamic in the short term. But we feel good about all the levers that are in our control to set us up as well as we can.
Todd Kahn: Got took the words out of my mouth. I would be happy to get whatever we can. We feel really, really good about our holiday offering. And again, going back to what we said before, our iconic styles really diminishes that sort of markdown risks that you think about in our space.  And we feel exceptionally good about what we have coming and our ability to respond because again, the demand is there. We're seeing the demand. And that is the most important thing in our industry. And now, satisfying that demand in the ways that our customer wants to see us, whether that's brick-and-mortar or digital is how we're going to go about capturing it.
Kevin Lander: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our Q&A. I will now turn the call over to Joanne Crevoiserat for some concluding remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you, everyone for joining us this morning and hanging in there through our technical difficulties. Fiscal '21 was a transformational year for Tapestry. And I want to extend a huge thanks to our teams around the world for their unwavering passion and dedication to our business.  As we just talked about, the dynamics environment continues, but we're in a position of strength with a proven track record of success, and we have increasing conviction in our ability to accelerate top and bottom-line growth with a focus on delivering for all our stakeholders, our customers, our teams, our community, and our shareholders. I appreciate your interest in Tapestry. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, and this concludes today's program. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at anytime.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-05-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to this Tapestry conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]  At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations at Tapestry, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our third quarter results as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s Chief Executive Officer; and Andrea Shaw Resnick, Tapestry’s Interim Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal year. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information as well as the related reconciliations on our website, www.tapestry.com/investors and then viewing the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Separately, as we have started to anniversary the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic last year, we believe year-over-year comparisons are not fully indicative of business performance. Therefore, we will be providing financial information compared to both FY 2019, or pre-pandemic, and FY 2020, where applicable. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with a brief recap of the third quarter for Tapestry in each of our brands. She will also provide an overview of the progress we have made on our acceleration program. Andrea will continue with our financial results and our priorities going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I would now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. As you read in our press release, Tapestry reported a standout quarter, which once again outpaced expectations, reflecting the successful execution of our acceleration program and the power brands. Our sharpened focus on the consumer fueled new customer acquisition at Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, contributing to a continued sequential improvement in overall top line trends. Revenue growth in the quarter was led by robust increases in digital and China, two areas of meaningful long-term opportunity. In addition, for the third consecutive quarter, we achieved operating income and EPS gains, both compared to prior year and to pre-pandemic fiscal year 2019, supported by a reduction in promotional activity and higher AUR as well as disciplined expense management. We also generated significant free cash flow in the quarter, demonstrating our financial strength and flexibility. This performance is a testament to our talented teams around the world. Their creativity, agility and resilience have enabled us to effectively navigate a challenging backdrop and deliver for our customers, while positioning Tapestry to emerge from the pandemic stronger and build on our recent momentum to drive sustainable growth. Before turning to a discussion of our strategic pillars, I want to touch on the leadership changes we have announced in recent weeks. I’m delighted with the team that we brought together, which combines deep knowledge of our company with fresh perspectives as we position Tapestry to win in the dynamic retail and consumer environment. Todd Kahn, who was appointed Coach CEO, has a unique balance of brand stewardship and commercial capabilities and has done a tremendous job leading Coach and delivering exceptional results. Andrea Resnick is a proven leader who ensured that we successfully executed on our acceleration program as interim CFO, and we are excited that she will now assume a new role as Chief Communications Officer, where we know she’ll continue to make important contributions to our company. As such, Christina Colone, who has tremendous credibility and experience with the investment community has been promoted to Global Head of Investor Relations. Finally, I’m thrilled to have Scott Roe join us in June as Chief Financial Officer and Head of Strategy. With his extensive experience in consumer, retail and apparel businesses, as well as his deep expertise developing best-in-class global multi-brand platforms, I’m confident he is the right strategic business partner to further enhance our strategy and financial performance. With this strong leadership team now in place, we are galvanized around our shared commitment to fully realized Tapestry’s growth potential across brands as well as our passion for building a purpose-led organization with empowered inclusive and highly collaborative teams. Now I will discuss the important progress we have made advancing our acceleration program during the third quarter. First, we continue to create immersive customer experiences across our e-commerce and social channels, driving our global digital business to over $1.5 billion in revenue on a trailing 12-month basis, more than doubling in size from a year ago. During the quarter, we generated triple-digit e-commerce growth, bringing digital sales to approximately 30% of total revenue as compared to a mid-teens percentage last year. This growth was led by the recruitment of approximately 700,000 new customers across brands through our e-commerce channels in North America, where we are continuing to capture a growing number of millennial and Gen Z customers. And not only did we successfully recruit new customers, we also drove a higher purchase frequency versus prior year across brands. We also continued to reactivate lapsed customers across the portfolio. This reflects the work we have done to crystallize the unique positioning of our brands while strengthening our platform to better utilize data to support more targeted marketing campaigns. Overall, we remain incredibly excited by the digital opportunity and the scalable Tapestry omnichannel platform we are building. Digital is a key competitive advantage and a growth enabler for us long term, supporting both revenue growth and profit gains, particularly given that our digital business is accretive to our operating margin. Second, our ongoing efforts to sharpen our focus on the Chinese consumer led to significant growth in China as compared to both prior year and pre-pandemic levels. In fact, the strength of our results in Mainland China more than offset continued pressure from lower Chinese tourist spend with our sales-to-Chinese consumers globally increasing at a high single-digit rate compared to pre-pandemic levels. These results benefited from the integrated, comprehensive brand-building strategies, which drove innovative products, marketing and experiences. Third, we are strengthening our platform and changing the way we work to increase our agility and responsiveness. A key element of the strategy is embedding data across the organization, allowing each brand to leverage the shared resource to drive more effective decision-making. In the quarter, we utilized these capabilities to deepen our understanding of customer preferences and behaviors. This enhanced our processes, ultimately driving significant gross margin expansion and higher AUR, specifically by supporting optimized assortment planning, which helped to affect a 30% to 50% reduction in SKU counts across brands, resulting in higher productivity per SKU, driving inventory turn and providing clearer messaging to the consumer. And we leverage data analytics to drive more dynamic and informed pricing decisions, supporting lower levels of promotional activity. Overall, we believe the use of data is powering a shift in our culture, creating a robust test-and-learn environment that empowers our teams to move quickly to respond to changes in consumer preferences and demand. Fourth, we continue to drive operational efficiencies in our business. We further enhanced the flexibility of our operating model through the optimization of our global fleet. As you know, our focus is to improve profitability across our store network. We have made substantial progress. And in fact, the operating margin for our global bricks-and-mortar business exceeded pre-pandemic fiscal year 2019 levels despite the challenging backdrop. We see further opportunity going forward as we remain focused on delivering compelling omnichannel experiences with both digital and stores contributing to our success. This is clearly evidenced by the ongoing strength we are seeing in our digital channels even as our brick-and-mortar business improves. Overall, I’m very pleased with the continued improvements we have realized under our acceleration program. Based on our results to date and assuming a continued recovery emerging from the pandemic, we now expect to exceed pre-pandemic levels of operating income and EPS for the fiscal year, far surpassing our original expectations provided in August. Importantly, the changes we have made are foundational. As we embed a consumer-centric approach into our organization, unlock new ways of working and distort our focus to high-return initiatives, we are establishing sustainable growth drivers for Tapestry and our brands. Now let me touch on our results and strategies for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. Starting with Coach, where results were once again impressive. Revenue exceeded our expectations with sales improving sequentially, increasing 25% as compared to last year and returning to pre-pandemic levels, an important milestone for the brand. In addition, we continued to significantly expand gross margin and leverage SG&A, resulting in strong operating margin expansion and substantial profit gains. There were many highlights from the third quarter guided by our strategic priorities, which drove our positive results. First, we delivered compelling and innovative products with a focus on reinvigorating key families that are foundational to the brand. In retail, we successfully built on our core icons, infusing newness that is resonating with consumers. We introduced Pillow Tabby, a fresh take on a bestselling family, which was very well received, particularly with new younger customers. We also launched extensions within the BEAT and Willow families, which outperformed plan. In outlet, we expanded the top-selling Georgi and Dense families to include new styles and fabrics, which performed well at higher AURs. Overall, we are building enduring icons, which respond to the emotional and functional needs of our target consumer and help to create a strong foundation for our product pipeline in future seasons. We also continued to deliver strong gross margin expansion through deliberate actions. As anticipated, we significantly reduced the number of SKUs in our offering across channels providing more focused, impactful assortments and clearer messages to consumers. Importantly, we also continue to be disciplined in our approach to promotions. Consistent with our strategy, we are shifting the customer’s focus to the value, attributes and quality of the Coach product. In fact, our handbag AUR rose over 25%, both globally and in North America. These results are not possible without great product. I want to take a minute to recognize our talented design and merchandising teams who, under Steward Weber’s creative direction, continue to deliver product innovation with a focus on quality that has infused energy and excitement into our assortments and delivered exceptional value to customers across all channels. Turning to marketing. We continue to build deeper customer relationships, leaning into our values of inclusivity and authenticity through our campaigns and digital content, which are driving increased engagement, recruitment and reactivation. Two key examples are Coach It Forward, which featured our global ambassador, sharing personal messages of gratitude and our YouTube series, Coach Conversations, which provided a forum to discuss culture, community and creativity and engage audiences through authentic dialogue. These campaigns increased engagement, creating buzz across social media platforms. In digital, Coach again realized triple-digit revenue growth. We recruited roughly 400,000 new customers through our North America digital channels, representing a significant increase compared to last year. These new customers who are increasingly younger are helping to fuel the strong growth we are delivering online. In addition to customer acquisition, we also focus on driving retention and lifetime value through a number of actions, including the recent launch of the Coach outlet loyalty program. Overall, we see significant runway to realize continued digital growth while improving our brick-and-mortar productivity. This is reinforced by the trends we are seeing in the business as stores have reopened. Specifically, in the U.S., we have seen continued strong demand online even amid easing restrictions and improving brick-and-mortar traffic. Moving on to China. Revenue on the Mainland rose significantly compared to last year and approximately 40% compared to pre-pandemic levels. In addition, we recaptured tourist demand through the China duty free channel as consumers increasingly shift to domestic travel. To celebrate the Chinese New Year, we featured a playful ox across our limited edition collection, which drove e-commerce growth, including on Tmall. As we previously shared, in February, we were the first luxury brand to launch an e-commerce platform on Dalian, the TikTok of China. Our results thus far, have well outpaced our expectations with the majority of customers transacting with us entering the brand for the first time. Now looking ahead to summer. We are building on our momentum into the fourth quarter with key product launches, while continuing to sharpen our merchandising strategy to deliver innovative and emotionally compelling collections. In retail, we are expanding our signature offering into new and bright color ways of jacquard to infuse optimism into the assortment. We are also excited for a new combination of our Signature C and horse and carriage logos, bringing together two icons on our best-selling beat and field families. In addition, to capitalize on trends in the market, we are introducing our Coach Originals in a new quilted version, named Coach Quilties, which will be offered in seasonal colors. Separately, following the success of our Pillow Tabby, we recently introduced a mini version, which is already off to a promising start. In fact, over the last three months, we have seen an increase in viral user-generated content on TikTok featuring the Pillow Tabby. In outlet, we launched a Disney Princesses collaboration in April, which is outperforming our expectations. And for Mother’s Day, we plan to deliver a floral-focused collection for the important holiday. Turning to marketing. We are excited to host a Winter 2021 collection runway show in Shanghai in June. We believe this will support our growth ambitions both in China and globally by driving desire for the Coach brand and broadening our reach through partnerships with a diversified group of ambassadors, celebrities and key opinion leaders. The collection will feature exclusive products for the Chinese market, and we’ll amplify the show through integrated guest experiences, including live streaming. In summary, we believe Coach’s return to pre-pandemic levels of sales and significant profit growth is a standout achievement, particularly given the challenging backdrop. We are building on this momentum and the foundational changes we have made this year as we head into the fourth quarter and beyond. We are proud to celebrate the brand’s 80th anniversary this year and are confident in the future. Now moving to Kate Spade. The brand again, outperformed expectations in the quarter from both a top and bottom line perspective, highlighting the progress we have made through strong execution. Revenue improved sequentially, increasing 1% compared to fiscal year 2020, which included a six point impact from the wholesale business, inclusive of the strategic pullback in the disposition channel. We delivered gross margin expansion of 150 basis points, well ahead of our projections, while also reducing SG&A, resulting in operating income growth and operating margin expansion versus last year. There are many key strategic milestones of the quarter, highlighting the traction we are making as we continue to fulfill the brand’s promise and build stronger connections with consumers, starting with product. In retail, we made further progress on rebuilding our core as exemplified through the strength of our recently launched families. The Knot Collection, which featured new colorways was particularly well received by our younger customer. We also expanded our signature platform, the Spade Flower, with the jacquard fabric continuing to outperform expectations. The success of these introductions supports our momentum and reinforces our ability to sustain higher AURs by offering differentiated, innovative designs. Additionally, our novelty assortment, which reflects a return to our roots, continue to resonate with our customers, notably our mailbox, crab and strawberry milk carton bags. In outlet, we saw continued traction in safiano leather styles. We also brought in new crossbody options in keeping with the hands-free trend. Importantly, we leveraged data to inform our assortment breadth and pricing strategies, reducing our SKU counts by over 40% and remaining disciplined in our promotions, which drove an increase in global handbag AUR in both our specialty and outlet channels compared to last year. Outside of handbags, we saw strength in footwear across channels. In fact, footwear delivered positive growth driven by casual flats and sneakers as we continue to build momentum into the summer selling season. In addition, tech accessories continued to outperform, while the launch of our new fragrance in North America outpaced expectations. These categories, which are foundational to the brand’s unique lifestyle positioning, are also important for customer recruitment and cross-selling. Turning to marketing. We drove brand heat, both through our lifestyle campaigns as well as organically on social media through our passionate Kate Spade community. To that end, we continue to drive organic engagement in the quarter with two more handbags going viral on TikTok from customer-created content. Following videos created post purchase, the Strawberry handbag and the Butterfly Wing crossbody have garnered approximately 12 million views to date on the platform with excitement spreading to other social channels. As a result, we saw increased site searches for these products, driving significant uptick in sales. This highlights the importance of social selling through the loyal and passionate members of the Kate Spade community. We also saw success with our first-ever male gifting campaign, which featured NBA star Kevin Love for Valentine’s Day and fueled an increase in conversion among male shoppers. We are excited by these greenshoots and are taking these learnings into our Mother’s Day campaign, which I will touch on shortly. Turning to digital. During the quarter, we continued to drive momentum online, achieving approximately 50% revenue growth through a combination of engagement with existing customers and the recruitment of new consumers. In fact, we attracted nearly 300,000 new customers through our e-commerce channels in North America, a meaningful increase compared to last year. Importantly, these customers entering the brand for the first time are purchasing at a higher AUR compared to the balance, highlighting the brand’s compelling value proposition along with a meaningful opportunity to build customer lifetime value. Additionally, we again reengaged lapsed customers at an increasing rate. During Q3, we reactivated over 100,000 customers through our North America digital channels, up approximately 40% compared to last year. This demonstrates our continued progress in strengthening relationships with our core customer. Turning to Kate Spade’s priorities for summer. First, our focus is on delivering product that supports our brand promise and anchors the assortment to our brand codes. In specialty, we are continuing to reenergize the core leather goods offering through animations within the Knot family. We will also feature newness in the Sam nylon bag, an icon of the brand. In outlet, we will continue to expand our core saffiano assortment. We will also focus on fun storytelling groups such as the Strawberry collection and the Butterfly bag, which, as mentioned, are off to a solid start and generating excitement on social media. Across channels, we will continue to evolve our novelty offering with playful picnic theme product aimed to drive emotional purchasing. In marketing, our approach remains multidimensional, utilizing a wide range of digital platforms and influencers to tell our brand and product stories to engage with consumers and our community. As I mentioned, we were pleased with the results from our first male gifting campaign in the third quarter. Therefore, we are applying the learnings to our Mother’s Day marketing, which features celebrities and athletes including Rob Gronkowski, Stephen Twitch Foss and Leslie Adam Jr. In addition, we are returning to marketing infused with storytelling, which is at the core of the brand’s DNA. In fact, the summer campaign will feature joyful videos highlighted by a spontaneous dance taking place in the middle of New York City. This content is dynamic and optimistic, well-timed with consumers’ increasing focus on celebrating the impending return to normalcy. Importantly, as announced in March, we redesigned Kate Spade’s creative structure, and the team is energized by this new way of working. We believe these changes will help to sharpen our focus on the consumer, drive innovation and increase collaboration. This builds on the brand’s heritage and strength as a storytelling brand with marketing and product design, developing and lockstep. In closing, I’m very encouraged by Kate Spade’s results in the quarter, which reinforced the progress we are making through increased clarity of the brand’s positioning and enhancements to our product and marketing, underpinned by a powerful platform of data analytics and digital capabilities. This is evidenced by new customer recruitment and lapsed customer reactivation as well as increasing handbag AUR and improving top and bottom line trends. I remain excited for the brand’s future and the meaningful opportunity we have to accelerate revenue and profit growth. Turning now to Stuart Weitzman. The brand demonstrated continued progress through the execution of the acceleration program. Total revenue rose 13% compared to prior year, led by growth in China. This growth was partially offset by softness in wholesale, which included the negative impact of shipment timing into the fourth quarter as well as headwinds related to market exits and unprofitable store closures. Importantly, our strategic actions resulted in a significant operating margin expansion compared to both fiscal year 2020 and fiscal year 2019 as we continue to focus on restoring the brand’s profitability. During the quarter, we remained focused on building relevance within the assortment. In keeping with market trends, elevated casual products represented the majority of our offering. We expanded on proven, successful product families in brand codes, namely the evolution of the 50/50 boot, the return of the jelly with the Sawyer sandal and the expansion of our signature Pearl embellishments with the Goldie family. At the same time, we reduced SKU count by over 50% globally, driving higher productivity and clearer messaging to our consumers. In digital, revenue increased over 50% compared to prior year as we leverage the Tapestry platform and sharpened our focus on creating relevant assortments to engage with our core consumers. As mentioned, China remained a significant area of growth for the brand, increasing over 130% compared to fiscal year 2020 and approximately 45% versus pre-pandemic levels. This performance was driven by strong growth in new and younger customers, which supports our confidence in the long-term potential for the Stuart Weitzman brand in China. Touching on global marketing. We generated brand heat with optimistic marketing messages. Most notably, our campaign featuring Serena Williams and her daughter, Olympia, was a huge success garnering over 8 billion impressions, making it the most impactful campaign in the brand’s history. In wholesale, we continue to strengthen our partnerships with key accounts. We were pleased with our reentry into 90 Nordstrom doors in the quarter, including an expanded assortment in the top 20 locations. Looking ahead to summer. In product, we are well positioned with a focused assortment, which will emphasize dress styles, including a range of sandals and pumps along with our bridal collection. As we have shared, we expect an increase in vaccine distribution to drive an improvement in demand for these key categories, and we have adjusted our offering to reflect this shift. At the same time, we will continue to provide balance with newness in our casual assortment to address the ongoing trend in the market. In marketing, our upcoming campaigns are focused on key product messages, including our espadrilles, bridal and limited edition capsules. We are also prioritizing investment in upper funnel activities aim to recruit new customers into our full-price channels. And in China, we are continuing our successful live streams with daily events planned, which will feature an array of hosts, including our sales associates and KOLs, such as Austin Lee, to build emotional connections with our customers. Overall, we have made important progress at Stuart Weitzman, and we remain focused on restoring the brand’s profitability. In closing, at Tapestry, we are increasingly optimistic about our ability to generate sustainable top and bottom line growth building on our performance to date. Looking forward, while the environment remains volatile, we see encouraging signs of recovery as vaccination efforts progress resulting in increased consumer confidence, strong demand for our categories and improving in-store traffic trends. In this context, we remain focused on driving brand relevance and customer engagement through product innovation and compelling marketing, supported by data-driven insights. We will also continue to lean into our competitive advantages, including our globally diversified direct-to-consumer model and distort investments to high-growth opportunities. We are confident that our clear consumer-centric strategy, powerful brands and differentiated scalable platform uniquely position us to capture market share at higher levels of profitability. With that, I will turn it over to Andrea for a detailed discussion of our financial results and outlook. Andrea.
Andrea Resnick: Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, please keep in mind that my comments are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results and the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. As Joanne mentioned, our performance in the third quarter and year-to-date was well ahead of our expectations as we drove operating income growth ahead of both FY 2020 and FY 2019 levels despite the volatile backdrop. Total sales increased 19% from the prior year and well-outpaced our projections. Compared to FY 2019, revenue declined 4%, representing a sequential improvement from the prior quarter. Importantly, we were pleased with Coach’s returned to pre-pandemic levels of sales in the quarter. By region, North America drove the improvement compared to the prior quarter on a 2-year basis as trends accelerated across stores, e-commerce and wholesale channels. In addition, the region achieved sales in line with FY 2019 despite continued store traffic pressures. In Asia, direct sales increased approximately 40% compared to FY 2020 and were in line with FY 2019, fueled by significant gains in Greater China. Across the balance of Asia, sales remain below pre-pandemic levels with notable pressure in Japan given the declaration of a state of emergency during the quarter. Europe, while a small portion of our total sales experienced a material slowdown in the business given the significant increase in lockdowns in accordance with government regulations. By channel, performance was driven by another quarter of triple-digit growth in e-commerce as we continue to build our digital platform and capabilities, which enable us to lean into the opportunity to meet the consumer wherever they want to shop. In our global bricks-and-mortar channel, while revenue pressures continued, we were pleased with the trend improvement compared to the prior year as traffic levels started to recover, aided by the dissemination of the vaccine. In wholesale, while the channel remained below prior year and FY 2019, trends improved, reflecting, in part, the significant growth of our duty-free business in China’s Hainan province. Importantly, our momentum continued into April, and as Joanne mentioned, we are increasingly confident in the trajectory of our business as the consumer backdrop improves. Moving down the P&L, we realized another quarter of strong gross margin expansion compared to prior year with all brands exceeding our expectations. Tapestry’s gross margin rose 450 basis points year-over-year and 240 basis points compared to FY 2019 as we successfully executed our strategy to maintain price discipline, reduce SKU counts and leverage data analytics to tailor our product assortment and marketing messaging to the consumer. Coach drove the total company margin increase in the third quarter, realizing gross margin 490 basis points above last year, driven by lower levels of promotion and higher IMUs, resulting in higher AUR. At Kate Spade, gross margin rose 150 basis points, which included a benefit from the strategic pullback in lower-margin disposition sales along with lower levels of promotional activity in North America. For Stuart Weitzman, the brand’s gross margin was 420 basis points, reflecting a tailwind from FX as well as a geographic mix benefit due to the strong growth in the high-margin China business. SG&A declined 3% year-over-year and 6% compared to FY 2019, primarily reflecting effective expense management and the previously announced actions to transform the company’s operating model. The savings from these structural changes were partially offset by reinvestments in the business, notably higher marketing spend and an increase in our annual incentive plan expense accrual given our outperformance year-to-date. Taken together, we delivered the third consecutive quarter of operating income growth and margin expansion compared to pre-pandemic levels in the face of the challenging backdrop. Our outperformance in both the third quarter and year-to-date reflect the foundational changes and strategies we have made as part of our acceleration program highlighted by efficiency-led profit growth through increases in gross margin and reductions in SG&A. Looking forward, we believe we can fuel continued momentum across our brands and are well positioned to transition the company to a period of demand-driven gains, fully unlocking the flywheel of sustainable long-term growth. Earnings per diluted share for the quarter was $0.51, a significant increase compared to a loss in the prior year and 21% ahead of pre-pandemic EPS levels. Now moving to distribution. We continue to optimize our global fleet to prioritize profitability. For Tapestry, we closed a net of 49 locations globally year-to-date, including 31 net closures in Q3 alone, representing a net of 94 closures as compared to the prior year. Turning to our discussion of our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter in a strong position with $1.7 billion in cash and equivalents and total borrowings of $1.6 billion. Consistent with our stated near-term priorities and as previously shared, we utilized our free cash flow to pay down the remaining $200 million balance on our revolver at the beginning of the quarter. Therefore, at this time, there are no longer any borrowings outstanding under our revolver. Total inventory ended the quarter 18% below last year, reflecting, in part, deliberate actions to reduce SKU count and prioritize inventory turns. Due to our sales outperformance in the quarter, the IMU inventory balance was below our expectations. As previously discussed, like many others across all industries, we are experiencing some continuing distribution network disruption related to COVID-19, causing shipping capacity constraints and port congestion globally. As a result, we are experiencing longer lead times, which, in turn, have delayed the timing of receipts notably for product coming in through West Coast ports and may limit our ability to chase higher levels of demand going forward should it materialize. Separately, the widely reported Suez Canal blockage will have a modest impact on our fourth quarter results. In addition, we expect to continue to incur higher freight costs due to the environment. Importantly, these factors have been contemplated in our outlook, which I will address shortly. CapEx for the quarter was $19 million, a decline of 62% versus prior year as we continue to prioritize investments in high-return projects, notably in digital, while tightly controlling overall spend and reducing our outlay for new stores. We now expect CapEx to be in the area of $100 million for FY 2021 based on our favorable year-to-date actualization and the timing of capital projects. Free cash flow for the quarter was an inflow of $179 million, as compared to an outflow of $166 million last year. On a year-to-date basis, free cash flow was an inflow of $876 million versus $273 million during the same period a year ago, and $418 million year-to-date in FY 2019. Our strong cash flow generation underscores the resilience and effective management of our brands and business. Now touching on our capital allocation priorities. As noted, the strength of our business and resulting free cash flow generation positioned us to pay down our revolver as of January. In the near term, we will continue to preserve our cash on hand while reinvesting in the business. Longer term, our objectives remain unchanged. Our strategic intent is to return to sustainable top and bottom line growth driving continued strong free cash flow generation, which will enable us to pay down debt as well as return capital to shareholders. Now turning to our outlook. As noted in our release, given our strong performance year-to-date and assuming a continuation of the recovery from the pandemic, we now project revenue to increase the mid-teens rate on both a 52-week and 53-week basis for the fiscal year. This includes the expectation for fiscal fourth quarter to sales to increase in the area of 110% as compared to prior year, thereby approaching FY 2019 levels of revenue on a 13-week basis. As previously mentioned, the fourth quarter will also include the impact of an additional week, which is projected to contribute approximately $100 million in incremental sales. Turning to gross margin. We continue to expect significant expansion for the full year, reflecting our deliberate actions to lower promotional activity and drive higher AUR. Consistent with our original expectations, we anticipate moderate fourth quarter gross margin pressure compared to prior year due to geographic mix headwinds as we anniversary the atypical comparison due to COVID-19. That said, this forecast implies that gross margin will be meaningfully above pre-pandemic levels. Touching on SG&A, we continue to estimate that we will realize approximately $300 million in gross run rate expense savings, including approximately $200 million in gross savings in FY 2021 alone. This reflects the steps we have taken to aggressively control spending and implement structural changes to drive efficiency. Keep in mind, given our incremental investments and the increased level of variable costs associated with the higher sales forecast, we would expect our net savings to be substantially lower. In Q4, we are projecting SG&A to increase over 40% on a 13-week basis versus FY 2020, reflecting higher investments, notably in marketing as well as the impact of lapping depressed expense levels from a year ago as a result of COVID-19, which included the benefit from the cancellation of the company’s annual incentive plan. Taken together, we are now expecting EPS to exceed pre-pandemic levels on a 52-week basis. This reflects our outperformance year-to-date as well as a more favorable outlook for the balance of the year given our confidence in the ongoing benefits of our acceleration program, the improving consumer backdrop as well as the traction we are seeing in the business today. In closing, we are proud of the results we have achieved despite the volatile environment, demonstrating strength of our iconic brands and the bold and deliberate actions we are taking as part of our acceleration program. Throughout this year, our results have been driven by efficiency-led gains. As we turn the corner and look towards recovery from the pandemic, we have an opportunity to fully unlock the flywheel to drive bottom line growth in excess of top line gains over our planning horizon. We are confident that the foundational changes we have made during this fiscal year will benefit our platform over the long term, and we remain steadfast in our strategic intent to drive both organic growth and profitability. Thank you. I would now like to open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Robert Drbul: Just got a couple of questions. You mentioned signs of a recovery. What are you seeing in the backdrop that does give you the increased confidence generally? And then, on a related point, how’s your digital business performing now that the in-store traffic trends are improving. Are you seeing any signs of cannibalization?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. A couple of points I will cover there in your question. First is around our confidence. I will also touch on what we see in the backdrop and then how we see our digital business evolving. But starting with confidence, we have increasing confidence in our Tapestry platform. We see it as a competitive advantage. We are also gaining confidence in the power of our brands and the potential that we see in the acceleration program, including the execution from our talented teams around the globe. Our year-to-date results have definitely increased our confidence in the strategy despite the volatile backdrop, our teams continue to deliver, and we are building a foundation for sustainable long-term growth. We are getting closer to the consumer, remaining into digital and leveraging data in better ways, and we have a streamlined operating model. But we are also seeing the backdrop improve. We are seeing encouraging signs of recovery, we have seen vaccination efforts progressing, resulting in increasing consumer confidence, strong demand for our categories and improving in-store traffic trends. And I think to your question that begs the question of what do we see in digital with those increasing trends? And our approach to our digital business is really being laser-focused on meeting the consumers where they want to shop. We are focused on the omnichannel experiences with digital and stores contributing to our success, and that is an important qualifier. Digital, we see as an and, not an or. We are acquiring new younger customers through these channels. And we are seeing the ongoing strength of our digital business, even as stores begin to reopen and traffic begins to build back to historic levels. We have seen another quarter of triple-digit growth, while also driving sequential improvement in store trends. So we are encouraged by that performance as we see traffic starting to come back - I should say, starting to come back. But let me talk with Todd, he can give you a little bit of color on what we are seeing specifically at Coach.
Todd Kahn: As Joanne mentioned, we have been seeing significant runway to realize our continued growth while our brick-and-mortar productivity is improving. Specifically in the U.S., we continue to see incredibly strong demand online, even as we see restrictions and improving brick-and-mortar traffic. This is supported by the fact that our new customer recruitment has fueled our strong digital growth. In fact, as Joanne mentioned, in the quarter, we added another 400,000 new customers from our e-commerce platforms, bringing the year-to-date number of new customers from these channels to two million in North America. And what is really encouraging, of these two million, approximately half are Gen Z and millennial. And then when I return to brick-and-mortar, if I take Texas as an example, we experienced a significant acceleration in our store sales trends, while, at the same time, we see the restrictions being lifted. And while those restrictions are being lifted, our digital traffic and demand trends remain strong. So this bodes really well for our future as we see a return to traffic in North America brick-and-mortar.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [indiscernible] of Wells Fargo.
Unidentified Analyst: Congrats on another great quarter. I guess, my question was on profitability in e-commerce. Joanne, you talked about digital being accretive to the operating margin, which is pretty unique and a great sign for the business. As digital continues to increase, where do you see penetration rates moving? And then, what does that ultimately mean for the margin structure of both Coach and the Kate Spade businesses over time?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ike. We do see the digital business being accretive to our operating margins currently. Our digital business is quite profitable. It is structurally more profitable than their respective bricks-and-mortar channels. And it is really a function of the fact that we have structurally higher AURs, high margins and relatively low returns in that channel. So we consistently deliver higher margins through our digital performance. And I think it is also important to mention that for, as Todd said, recruiting new customers and engaging new customers through our digital channels. So that makes the channel accretive as well. And in terms of where we see the penetration going, ultimately, the customer will decide. We are very focused on meeting the customer where they are. And I think we have been innovating quite well in terms of our ability to engage consumers, both digitally and on social channels with real innovations on TikTok, as an example, capturing customers where they are today. And we are committed to staying close to the customer and seeing how that unfolds. Having said that, our brick-and-mortar business, also, we are really pleased to see the operating margins of our brick-and-mortar business this quarter achieve pre-pandemic levels - exceed pre-pandemic levels this quarter. So that also bodes well for our business, really driven by the gross margin gains that we have seen. And we expect that as traffic builds back, those numbers will also improve. So we see digital as accretive where it lands in terms of penetration. Ultimately, the customer will decide and we are focused on driving improved profitability in our brick-and-mortar channel as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Congratulations to all of the promotions there. Joanne, I was hoping you could go a little bit deeper in the comment you made about the lapsed consumer coming back. Which brands currently are you seeing the biggest influx of a lapsed consumer? And then, what strategies do you have at place to keep them?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Thanks, Erinn. The work that we are doing to stay closer to our consumer and the work in data and analytics is really helping us unlock, not only the recruitment, which we are seeing across brands, but also the reengagement of lapsed consumers. And while we are seeing that across all of our brands, we have an important focus, particularly in Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, to ensure we reengage as we clarify the positioning of those acquired brands to reengage that last customer is critically important. And it shows that we are making traction speaking to our core customer. And we have been really pleased with the work that is happening there and the traction we are seeing. But also, as we get better at recruiting and better leverage data and implementing some of the tools and technologies and marketing, it really is about taking our customer database and driving more active consumers, recruiting more, retaining more, bringing them back with higher frequency, which you heard us talk about, we are very focused on driving that activity, increasing retention and ultimately increasing lifetime value.
Todd Kahn: And I just can add for the Coach brand, one of the tools that we are so pleased with is our launch of the Coach Insider program, a loyalty program. And what we are seeing is that members of the program, their frequency is 25% higher than nonmembers. So that really bodes well as the tool, as Joanne says, to get closer to the customer, understand what customer needs are and provide them with reasons to keep coming back to the brand.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen.
Oliver Chen: You made a lot of progress in Coach outlet. As you anniversary the direct marketing with respect to the Coach outlet customer and broadcasting that, what are your thoughts on innovation year-over-year in terms of what you are doing, and the rationale for the outlet loyalty program? I would also love your thoughts on sustainability on the metrics you are focused on, as well as what you are seeing from a customer point of view as you think about continuing to make progress there?
Todd Kahn: I think I will take that, Joanne. So your first question, we are really pleased as we anniversary sort of our reimagined coachoutlet.com and we continue to see strong demand. And as I indicated in the last question, one of the tools is our ability to bring them into the Coach loyalty program. And I think that will bode really well. On sustainability, Joanne can talk about the Tapestry sustainability, but I see this as a really interesting opportunity for the Coach brand. As an 80-year-old brand, particularly one grounded in leather, we have opportunities to talk in a really authentic way about sustainability. And we have done some interesting things. On Earth Day, we brought forward a handful of bags, which we call reloved, which were bags that were literally returned, unusable over many years, we couldn’t repair them. And what we did was our designers and our workshop reconstructed them basically. And the bags that we put up online on Earth Day is sold out in an hour. And the demand for them were incredibly strong. So as we start thinking about and talking about sustainability and what it means for each of our brands, particularly at the Coach brand. I see opportunities in this relove concept, something else we have done, which is basically taking scraps and turning it into a weave that creates an entirely new handbag. So I think you are going to see us do some really interesting and innovative opportunities. I think, turn out to Joanne [indiscernible] sustainability issues?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Sure. Thanks, Todd, and I appreciate the question, Oliver. We are very focused on sustainability as part of the fabric of our company. We call our sustainability program our social fabric. And it really incorporates three pillars around our people, our communities and our planet. And some of the metrics that we are driving and focused on, under our people, we are very focused on representation across the organization and in leadership, and fostering an inclusive environment, one that is equitable, inclusive and diverse. We have goals internally focused on those actions. And also, around our communities, we are working to drive meaningful positive change in our communities through our empowerment programs, through financial donations and product donations and also volunteering and increasing the impact that we can have around the world and the communities where we live and work. And then finally, on our planet, we are focused on reducing our impact on the environment. Todd mentioned some initiatives within the brands. But across our supply chain, we are focused on reducing our carbon footprint, increasing traceability, there is some interesting work that the team is doing around traceability, and increasing our use of environmentally preferred materials. So we are making progress, we are incredibly focused on it, and fundamentally important part of our company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss of JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: And congrats on the nice quarter. So could you maybe help break down the overall AUR opportunity remaining from here, meaning, where do we stand today relative to maybe to prior peaks? And what inning do you see each of the brands in today as we think about the SKU reductions, promotional activity and overall pricing power remaining from here?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Let me kick this off and then pass it to Todd, who can give more color on the Coach brand. But across our brands, we have made progress in AUR. And it is really a function of our acceleration program and how effective we are in getting closer to our consumer and delivering product that resonates with them. And also, some of the work that we are doing foundationally, the better leverage data in our decision-making. So our streamlined assortments, our improvements in inventory turns, our ability to allocate those assortments where they’ll be most productive, those are all contributing to our AUR growth. But we do see opportunities across all of our brands, and we are encouraged by the AUR growth that we posted at Kate Spade this past quarter as well, both at retail and at outlet, showing that the product that we are delivering is resonating with our consumers. But I will pass it to Todd to talk about the Coach progress as well.
Todd Kahn: Thank you. Yes, we are very focused on the AUR, and we are pleased with the progress we have made in this quarter and the progress we have shown all year. In the third quarter, our handbag AUR rose approximately 25%, both globally and in North America. And as Joanne indicated, so much of this is deliberate actions that we have taken about how we are looking at things differently. First, it starts with incredibly strong innovative product led by Stuart Dever’s creative direction. We then couple that with using data to inform our decision-making and really, really put the consumer at the center. And the SKU reduction is helping driving AUR. And let me give you a quick example. If you take Tabby, which right now is our #1 family in our retail fleet, Tabby originally launched in July of 2019. Entire years, what would have happened by the time we got to February of 2021, we would have been bored with it and tired and moved on. Instead, we recognize what an iconic family we have, and we relaunched it with Pillow Tabby, bringing the entire Tabby family back to the number one position in our fleet. So this elongation and - of the life cycle of an iconic family helps us raise our AURs, helps us reduce our SKU counts and helps create greater gross margin and profitability. And I think you are going to see us do that over and over again.
Operator: Our next question comes from my line of Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Congrats on the strong quarter. I guess, a couple of questions for me on margins. I guess, first, how should we be thinking about the sustainability of the low 30s EBIT margin at Coach? And what opportunities do you see for a greater level of reinvestments in 2022? And then, similarly Kate Spade, just with where you are with the recovery? Are there creative changes? Near term, any thoughts on a reasonable range of expectations for 2022? And just longer term, structurally, what do you think that branch would look like relative to what Coach has achieved here recently?
Andrea Resnick: Sure, Mark. I will take that. I have got to say, we are thrilled with the progress we have made in 2021. And as you know, based on our outlook, we are projecting a high teens operating margin for Tapestry, which was above our previous peak as a house of brands, if you will, despite this volatile backdrop. And that is really been accomplished through the focus on the consumer, leveraging digital and data and transformation into a leaner organization. And we feel we are exiting the pandemic even stronger positioned to take market share at higher levels of profitability. We are not providing detailed guidance by brand. But to your point, Coach, this year, will already be at a best-in-class op margin in and around 30-ish percent. And we still think that we’ll have digital and China being the revenue drivers. So our opportunities at Coach are really around opportunity to grow the top line and maintain attractive margin. These are excellent margins already. Kate Spade, where we have clarified our brand position and better execution to deliver for our customers, we have an opportunity to drive both top and bottom line growth. I think we are in, I would say, early innings, and this will be a meaningful Tapestry growth driver over the planning horizon. And then lastly, when we look at Stuart Weitzman, our priority there has and continues to be a return to profitability, and we are making great progress. We are leaning into our strength in China, which obviously has very strong margins, we have exited quite a number of unprofitable doors and geographies, and we have strengthened our position in North America, including in wholesale. So as we have said, we expect to achieve higher margins or bottom line to exceed top line over our planning horizon and feel very good about that.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And Mark, I will just add to Kate Spade. We still have tremendous confidence in the long-term potential of the Kate Spade brand. And you asked about the product changes. I think Liz and team are doing a fantastic job. And the creative team is really energized by this new way of working. They are focused on the Kate Spade consumer, they are driving innovation, increased collaboration across [indiscernible], product development and marketing and it really builds on the story telling heritage of the brand. So we are excited to see that continue to develop, both in Q4 and beyond and continue to have confidence in the long-term potential of Kate Spade.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Maikis: I just wanted to hone in on the gross margin line item and just to ask you how the gains you’ve made during the pandemic have shaped and changed your long-term outlook for gross margins at both the Coach and Kate Spade brands? And maybe talk through some puts and takes around AUR, geographic mix, AUC, where do we think will shake out over the long term for both brands?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Let me start and pass it to Andrea on some of those details. But I would say that the work we have done under our acceleration program gives us more confidence in maintaining and sustaining our gross margin performance, getting closer to the consumer and leveraging data in new ways and driving healthy growth. Everything that we have done from staying close to consumer and acquiring new customers, to leveraging data on our SKU count, as I mentioned earlier, and managing our assortments and driving inventory turn as well as better leveraging data and new marketing tools to reach our customers in new ways is allowing us to drive healthy growth for all of our brands. And I would say that is a focus. But I will pass it to Andrea to go through some of the puts and takes.
Andrea Resnick: Thanks, Joanne. I think when you are looking at our overall gross margin, and Joanne and Todd alluded to this, we see where we are at Coach as a sustainable gross margin given the ability for us to reduce promotions, we have controlled the SKU count, et cetera. So when we look at all of those factors taken together, we feel that Coach’s gross margin, which we used to say was going to be in the area of 69% to 70%, ad infinitum, can stay at these higher levels. I think you are absolutely right when you are looking at Lorraine at the upside to the gross margin will primarily now come from Kate Spade, where we are, as I mentioned, in the early innings. We do have the benefit of China growing for all of our brands and having that be this gross margin anywhere in the world, and that will continue. So I think the combination of both the focus on lower promo, higher AUR across brands as well as the change in the geographic mix will help overall Tapestry gross margin sustain and perhaps rise. But again, I think where we are with Coach is definitely best-in-class, and we do believe it is sustainable.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question. Our last question will come from the line of Michael Binetti of Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: I guess, Joanne, I guess, to kind of dovetail off the questions on gross margin as you look ahead to next fiscal year. I mean, maybe, Andrea, is it safe to assume that given where inventories are for the whole industry and promotional levels being so low right now, there might be some level of give back on the gross margin in total next year? Is that consistent with how you would think about it as promotional levels normalize to some extent? I guess, and then, Joanne, on some of the new customer metrics you gave and related to Todd’s comments earlier about Texas. Maybe just a little thoughts on that new customer. I think you said last quarter, the big holiday quarter, there was 1.5 million new customers, a really big number and a little bit of time has gone by with that customer. I’m curious if you have any insights where that customer came from and any kind of early indications of repeat levels with that customer, what you are learning about that customer relative to old cohorts. I’m assuming your competitors that, that customer came to you from are trying to do similar things with reactivating lapsed customers, too? So any insights there on how sticky that is would be very helpful.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. So just a quick comment on gross margins and the environment. We have developed new levers and a new way of working, staying closer to our consumer to help us maintain these margins. We are getting smarter about how we approach our assortments. I have mentioned a few things on the call already. But at the end of the day, there is more in our control than what is out of our control. And we see increasing confidence. We have increasing confidence in our ability to manage and control our own fate as it relates to managing our margins, managing our AURs and managing our business. So we, as Andrea mentioned, believe these margins are sustainable given the confidence we are building and our execution behind the levers of our acceleration program. And then as it relates to customer metrics, that is where our focus is. We are increasingly recruiting new customers. These customers are increasingly younger. And we have maintained a very robust database of customers over many years. So we know that these are customers are new to the brands. And again, the fact that they are increasingly younger really bodes well for the long-term health of our brand. And to your point, we are focused on driving lifetime value of these customers. We are seeing these customers repeat at higher frequency. And again, that is a result of the work we have been doing through our acceleration program, leveraging data, new marketing tools, staying close to our consumers, building relevant product and marketing stories. Some of the focus in our assortments also helps, telling better, stronger stories for our consumers. So we have increasing confidence in our ability to continue to drive, not only our business forward as is margins, but also continue to drive lifetime value for our customers over time.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A. I will now turn the call over to Joanne Crevoiserat for any concluding remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Our standout results for the third quarter reinforced the deliberate actions we are taking under our acceleration program and the strength of our global teams. We are demonstrating meaningful progress and have a clear strategy and a differentiated platform, and we are emerging from the pandemic stronger and increasingly confident that the foundational changes underway are focused on the consumer use of data and analytics and optimized structure and ways of working can support stronger connections with our customers and sustainable growth for Tapestry and our brands. Again, I would like to thank our teams around the world for their contributions in delivering our strong third quarter results and all of you for your continued interest in our story. Thank you, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you everyone. This does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-02-04 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to this Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations at Tapestry, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our Second Quarter Results, as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer; and Andrea Shaw Resnick, Tapestry's Interim Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in the comments today and in the presentation slides. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information, as well as the related reconciliations on our website, www.tapestry.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with a brief recap of the second quarter for Tapestry and each of our brands. She will also provide an overview of the progress we've made on our Acceleration Program. Andrea will continue with our financial results and priorities going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Khan, Tapestry's President and Interim CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina. And welcome, everyone. As you read in our press release, Tapestry's second quarter results significantly outpaced our expectations, driven by the successful execution of our Acceleration Program. Our sharpened focus on the consumer fueled new customer acquisition across all brands, supporting notable sales gains in digital and China. For the second consecutive quarter, we generated strong operating income growth, both compared to prior year and to fiscal year ‘19, supported by a reduction in promotional activity and higher AUR, as well as disciplined inventory and expense management. I am particularly proud, that we delivered this profit growth in the face of unprecedented COVID-related external headwinds, including pressured bricks-and-mortar traffic, store closures and capacity limits, as well as higher freight costs and shipping constraints. This success clearly underscores the talent and resilience of our teams around the world. It also reinforces the power of our brands and the competitive advantages of Tapestry's enabling platform. Importantly, our outperformance in the quarter also highlights the progress we've made under our Acceleration Program. First, we continue to drive our global digital business, which reached $1.3 billion in revenue on a trailing 12 month basis, more than doubling in size from a year ago. During the quarter, we once again generated triple-digit e-commerce growth, bringing digital sales to approximately one third of total revenue, as compared to a low teens percentage last year. And in North America, as expected, the penetration was even higher, with e-commerce representing nearly half of our sales in the holiday quarter, up from a high teens percentage last year. This outcome is a testament to our company-wide focus on leading with a digital-first mindset and our success in creating immersive customer experiences across our e-commerce and social channels. To deliver these outsized gains, we leveraged Tapestry's scale and agility to support increased digital demand. Specifically, we moved quickly to add fulfillment capacity, including expanding distribution centers by nearly 350,000 square feet heading into holiday. In addition, anticipating outbound shipping challenges in the US, we were able to successfully diversify our parcel carrier partnerships, increasing flexibility and enabling us to avoid bottlenecks and limit disruption as much as possible. These were critical elements of our holiday preparedness strategy. Importantly, our online growth was led by the recruitment of over 1.5 million new customers across brands in North America, where we're continuing to capture a growing number of millennial and Gen Z customers online. Overall, we're incredibly excited by the traction we're seeing in digital, as our focus on this channel touches several of our key strategic priorities, including increased customer centricity, better use of data and evolving the way we work to address the rapidly changing environment. We see tremendous opportunity to drive continued customer recruitment and engagement online, supporting not only revenue growth, but profit growth as well, as our digital sales channels carry higher operating margins than our respective brick-and-mortar counterparts. Therefore, digital growth is a key enabler as we transition from a period of efficiency led profit gains to a sustainable demand driven flywheel. Second, our ongoing efforts to sharpen our focus on the Chinese consumer once again led to meaningful growth in China, with benefits from innovative product assortments, enhanced marketing and expanded reach across both direct channels and third-party online distribution. To this end, we achieved record sales during 11/11 on Tmall's Luxury Pavilion, with Coach as the number one ranked brand in the handbag, luggage and leather goods category, and Stuart Weitzman as the number one ranked footwear brand. Over the holiday period, our brands offered exclusive products, virtual store pop-ups and live streaming events with influencers such as Austin Lee, elevating the customer experience to meet the needs of the highly digitally and fashion-engaged Chinese consumer. In fact, the strength of our results in Mainland China more than offset continued pressure from lower Chinese tourist spend, with our sales to Chinese consumers globally increasing for the quarter. Third, as we've shared, we're committed to building industry-leading data and analytics capabilities at Tapestry, enabling each brand to leverage the shared resource to drive more effective decision-making. In the quarter, we deployed new data and analytics tools to optimize marketing messaging, assortment planning and promotional levels. This is helping to improve AUR and conversion and support the strong gross margin expansion we achieved in the quarter. In addition, we rolled out a new data platform to support our loyalty and acquisition programs. This is creating a foundation for ongoing customer recruitment and retention. Fourth, we leveraged the power of our leaner and more responsive operating model. A critical element of these changes is cultural and centers on empowering our teams to allow for faster decision-making. Our organization was nimble, sharing best practices across brands to develop and execute a highly effective holiday strategy. We put the customer first and adopted strategies to elongate the shopping period and utilize new innovative approaches to safely connect with customers, including virtual appointments and line queues. We also continue to drive efficiencies through the optimization of our global fleet. Our focus is to improve profitability across our store network, while delivering a consistent brand experience for our increasingly omni-channel consumer. Overall, I'm very pleased with the headway we're making on our Acceleration Program, which is defined by sharpening our focus on the consumer, leveraging data, leading with digital and transforming into linear and more responsible organization. We are listening closely to consumers and responding to changes in our values, shopping behaviors and brand engagement. We're leaning into the competitive advantages of our platform, bringing innovation to both product and how we connect with customers. As a result, we're driving demand and desire for our categories, and stretching what's possible for our brands. Now let me touch on our results and strategies for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. Starting with Coach, revenue exceeded our expectations, with sales down only 4% versus prior year, reflecting a significant sequential improvement. We also continue to expand gross margin, while leveraging SG&A, generating a 400 basis point increase in operating margin to 34%. The brand's profit growth was impressive, particularly in light of the current backdrop. There are many highlights from the second quarter guided by our strategic priorities, which drove our positive results. First, we delivered compelling products, innovating across style, silhouettes and price points. In retail, we continue to fuel signature and proprietary brand codes through a variety of new iterations, with notable success in our Horse & Carriage platform. We also introduced the Bee [ph] family, which features exceptional functionality and beautiful hardware detail across a range of silhouettes. The Bee collection resonated particularly well with our Chinese customers. In outlet, we offered newness throughout the season, beginning with our successful Marvel collaboration. Our recent introductions, the Georgie and Dempsey families were also top-selling collections in the quarter. And in both retail and outlet, we had compelling gifting options throughout the extended holiday season. As anticipated, we significantly reduced the number of SKUs in our offering across channels, providing more focused impactful assortments and clearer messages to consumers. Importantly, we also continue to be disciplined in our approach to promotions. Consistent with our strategy, we're shifting the customer's focus to the value, attributes and quality of the Coach product. In fact, our handbag AUR rose approximately 15%, both globally and in North America, during this traditionally promotional season. Taken together, these actions supported the strong gross margin expansion we achieved in the quarter. Turning to marketing. Our holiday campaigns featuring Coach's global brand ambassadors, Jennifer Lopez, Michael B. Jordan, Kiko Mizuhara, Yangzi and Jeremy Lynn, resonated with consumers and reinforced the brand's authentic and inclusive positioning. In the digital channel, Coach again realized triple-digit revenue growth. We recruited roughly 1 million new customers through our North America digital channels, representing a significant increase compared to last year. These new customers who are increasingly younger are helping to fuel the strong growth we're delivering online. Moving to China, revenue rose approximately 35%, on the Mainland. In addition, we recaptured tourist demand through the China duty-free channel, as consumers increasingly shift to domestic travel. As mentioned, a highlight of the quarter was the brand's outperformance on Tmall's Luxury Pavilion during the 11/11 shopping festival. This was particularly exciting, given the brand only officially launched on the site about a year ago. Another key milestone was the multi-platform live streaming of our 400 drone, 15-minute performance on the Bund in Shanghai. We were the first fashion brand to utilize this format and it highlights how we're driving brand heat through interactive digital experiences and finding innovative ways to engage with Chinese consumers. We were also excited for the opening of Coach's first fully immersive digital store in Shanghai's premier IAPM Mall in December. The store has floor to ceiling video walls that feature bespoke digital art, combining some of our favorite Coach mascots with archival images to create a unique experience for consumers. Controlled by gaming technology, consumers can interact and play with the digital art to curate their own experience. In January, we were thrilled to be the first luxury brand to launch e-commerce on Valiant [ph], the TikTok of China, as we continue to expand our reach, particularly with millennial and Gen Z consumers by offering immersive omni-channel experiences across e-commerce and social platforms. Now looking ahead to spring. We are sharpening our merchandising strategy, delivering innovative and emotionally compelling product to excite the consumer. In retail, we will build out the Beat [ph] family through new introductions, while evolving core bags such as the Tabby, which will feature a new lightweight fabrication. We're also expanding our jacquard signature offering to include a variety of colorways. In addition, we've launched new collaborations, including Disney by Keith Haring, which is driving strong customer engagement and our outerwear anchored Coach by Champion collection, which dropped just this week. In outlet, we're launching a Coach Original capsule and a Kate collaboration, both of which are adaptations of successful retail assortments from previous seasons. At the same time, we will continue to create exceptional value for our customers, while reducing promotional activity. Touching on marketing. You will see purpose-led messaging that connects community, fashion and heritage. Our Coach's forward campaign features our global brand ambassador sharing personal messages, which focus on the power of positivity, collective action and the importance of everyday recognition for the people in our lives who help move our world forward. To bring the campaign to life, the cast [ph] will call on all viewers to Coach It Forward and leave messages of gratitude for loved ones, creating a ripple effect of optimism around the world. We also just launched Coach Conversations, a monthly YouTube series designed to create a two-way dialogue about culture, community and creativity among global thought leaders. The debut episode kicked-off with Jennifer Lopez and Jay Shetty, a former monk turned-purpose coach and has already received over 700,000 views since launching in late January. In summary, we are extremely pleased with the brand's continued momentum and solid financial results as we grow our customer base, while driving increasing profitability. This year, we are celebrating Coach's 80th anniversary. As we look back on our history, we are proud of the brand's rich heritage as America's original house of leather goods. And just as importantly, as we look forward, we're confident in our future. Now moving to Kate Spade. We are very pleased with the brand's outperformance compared to our expectations from both the top and bottom line perspective, highlighting our team's excellent execution in a challenging environment. Revenue improved sequentially, declining 13% year-over-year, which included a four point impact from the strategic pullback of the low margin wholesale disposition business. We delivered gross margin expansion of 110 basis points, while outpacing our internal projections, while also reducing SG&A. Taken together, Kate Spade delivered operating margin growth versus last year. We achieved several key strategic milestones during the quarter, as we leaned into the fundamental elements of the brand that we know our customers value. Starting with product. In retail, we remained focused on rebuilding our core collection, while bringing newness to the assortment. Margo remained the top selling handbag group, while newness, notably the all-day tote, performed well in the quarter. Our customer also responded to novelty elements integrated within our assortment, including products featuring our well-loved cat and handbags, adorned with faux fur, both of which were showcased in our holiday campaign. In outlet, we increased the breadth and depth of our box gift sets, which were top sellers over the holiday season. We also added to our core handbag collection through the introductions of key shoulder bag families, Natalia and Marty. Importantly, we were disciplined in our promotions, specifically in our value channels, driving global handbag AUR growth versus last year. Outside of handbags, we saw relative strength in jewelry and footwear across channels. In tech accessories, where Kate Spade has a leadership position among fashion brands, the glitter Air Pods case significantly outperformed expectations. In addition, I'm excited to announce our new fragrance collection, which launched in January, has seen overwhelmingly positive results in both our own channels, as well as in department stores. These categories, which are foundational to the brand's unique lifestyle positioning, are also important for customer recruitment and cross-selling. During the holiday season, we highlighted Kate Spade as a destination for gifting, joy and celebration. An example of the brand's innovative approach to social selling was its collaboration with Starbucks in Asia. This partnership initiated by their APAC division, drove tremendous traffic to the Starbucks site. And it was so successful that the product sold out in just days in Japan. This example underscores the consumer’s desire for Kate Spade and its relevance as a lifestyle brand. Turning to digital. Kate Spade has a well-established e-commerce business with the highest digital sales penetration within our house of brands. During the quarter, we continued to drive momentum online, achieving strong double-digit revenue growth through a combination of engagement with existing customers and the recruitment of new consumers. In fact, we attracted approximately 500,000 new consumers to the brand through our e-commerce channels in North America, a meaningful increase compared to last year. Importantly, these customers are entering the brand for the first time and purchasing at higher AUR compared to the balance, highlighting that when we meet customers where they want to shop with emotional and compelling product, innovation supersedes price. Additionally, we reactivated over 200,000 customers through our digital channel, an increase of approximately 40% compared to last year. This is an important greenshoot that demonstrates the traction we're making and strengthening our relationships with our core customer base. Turning to Kate Spade priorities for spring. In specialty, we're continuing to reenergize the leather goods offering with the launch of Knot Satchel. In addition, we will expand our signature platform, the Spade Flower, with new color introductions in the well-received jacquard fabric. In outlet, we will launch Lela, a core pebbled leather group. We will also offer newness in backpacks and cross bodies and keeping with the consumer’s desire for hands-free styles. Across channels, we will continue to integrate novelty into our assortment with the playful nautical themes focused for the spring season. In marketing, our campaigns are joyful and colorful, grounded in our brand purpose and understanding of the customer. Our approach is multidimensional, utilizing a wide range of digital platforms and influencers to amplify our brand and product stories to engage with consumers and our community. In fact, last month, our peak Love Shack Heart Crossbody went viral on TikTok. The excitement to begin was an enthusiastic customer who shared a post about her recent purchase of the bag. This quickly gained further momentum after one of our store associates created a video on response, which informed the community that the bag was now sold out across the United States. Taken together, these posts garnered over 1 million views. As a result, we worked quickly partnering with these micro influencers to create new marketing content to announce the product's restock. This is one of my favorite examples of how the brand's emotional connection to its customers has the potential to drive organic engagement within its loyal and passionate following. This has also been a key learning for our teams who are exploring new opportunities to harness the power of the Kate Spade community. In closing, I'm encouraged with the progress we're making and the increasing number of greenshoots we're seeing that highlight the strength of the brand. I remain optimistic about the potential for Kate Spade. It is a unique lifestyle brand with meaningful runway to accelerate revenue and profit growth long-term.  Turning now to Stuart Weitzman. The brand demonstrated continued progress this holiday season. Sales sequentially improved from the previous quarter and exceeded our expectations, as a result of the momentum in the direct business led by China and e-commerce, as well as wholesale. In addition, as previously announced, these revenue results include the impact from exiting unprofitable markets, which represented a 9 point headwind in the quarter. Importantly, our focused strategic actions resulted in significant operating margin expansion for the brand. During the quarter, we delivered compelling products with a focus on key categories of Boots & Booties. We grew our core classifications, while balancing buy-now-wear-now styles with transitional products. In keeping with the market shift to casualization and building upon the strong performance of the lug sole, 5050 LIFT in the first quarter, we expanded our assortment of Boots & Booties featuring this on-trend sole, including the top-selling Goldie Bootie. Importantly, our icons continue to resonate with customers, specifically our 5050 and Land families. In digital, we realized a double-digit increase in revenue compared to prior year. This performance was led by new customer recruitment, which includes a growing number of Gen Z and millennials entering the brand. Notably, we also drove roughly 30% increase in reactivated customers in the quarter as we sharpened our focus on creating relevant assortments to engage with our core consumers. In China as mentioned, Stuart Weitzman was the number one footwear brand on Tmall's Luxury Pavilion on 11/11, a key indicator of the brand's strength and momentum in this important market. During the quarter, we also introduced Lay Zhang as our brand ambassador, which helps to further solidify our luxury positioning in the market. In addition to our brand campaigns, we are continuing a key strategy of live streaming, featuring local influencers. For the 12/12 holiday, we partnered with Austin Lee, which drove significant engagement. Touching on marketing. Our winter, Be In Your Element campaign, which featured our global brand ambassadors, Serena Williams, strengthened our positioning in boots and occasion wear. This campaign culminated with a billboard in Time's Square featured prominently during the Televise New Year’s celebration, which reached an estimated 1 billion viewers globally. In wholesale, we continued to strengthen our partnerships with key accounts, supported by consistent execution and on-time deliveries. We're pleased with our continued progress and the positive reactions we received coming out of our recent market week. Looking ahead to spring. In product, we're continuing to innovate by infusing our elevated take on casualization across the assortment. We're launching the Goldie family, which features pearl embellished styles across sneakers, flats [ph] and sandals, combining casual silhouettes with a brand signature of polished sophistication and comfort. In January, we introduced limited edition collections, including the Lunar New Year Capsule and Valentine's Day Edit [ph] These collections feature our new Ali and Demi sneakers, which have been strong performers since the launch. Importantly, as vaccine distribution increases in 2021, we expect continued improvement in demand for key categories, particularly occasionwear and bridal. As a result, we will rebalance our assortment to include sandals and pumps for when our customer's ready to go out and celebrate, while continuing to focus on elevated casual styles. In marketing, for our spring 2021 campaign, we are very excited to once again feature Serena Williams, this time with a very special guest who will be announced in the coming weeks. We are also finding new ways to engage our customers based on direct feedback we have received from them. A great example of this is our launch of the 2021 Edit on Instagram and our website, which utilizes a range of diverse influencers, including our own associates to highlight ways our shoes can be styled to drive conversion. Overall, Stuart Weitzman's first half results were stronger than expected, as we continue to make steady progress towards our goal of restoring the brand's profitability over our planning horizon. In closing, as we enter the second half of our fiscal year, while we do expect COVID-related headwinds to persist in the near term, our first half performance proves the resilience and agility of our team and the strength of our portfolio of brands. The consumer is changing rapidly in their value, shopping behaviors and connection to brands, and these changes have highlighted opportunities for our brands and our business. We've taken the opportunity to crystallize the unique purpose of our brands and company. And we fully embrace the opportunity to innovate the ways we engage with our customers and evolve how we operate as an organization. It also reinforced the opportunity to leverage Tapestry's enabling platform and competitive advantages to stretch what's possible for our brands. These changes are foundational to our success, both today and in the future. Importantly, I'm confident that Tapestry will emerge from the pandemic stronger, well-positioned to capture market share at higher levels of profitability, creating opportunities for reinvestment in the business and, in turn, unlocking the flywheel of sustainable growth. With that, I will turn it over to Andrea for a detailed discussion of our financial results and outlook. Andrea?
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks, Joanne. And good morning, everyone. I hope this finds you all safe and well. Before I begin, please keep in mind that my comments are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results and the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. As Joanne mentioned, our holiday quarter results were well-ahead of our expectations, as we continue to drive operating income growth in an unprecedented environment. Total sales declined 7% from prior year, representing a significant sequential improvement across all brands. Importantly, we successfully implemented our strategy to elongate the holiday shopping period, pulling forward demand ahead of the peak Thanksgiving week to allow the customer to start their shopping experience earlier. By region, North America, though still pressured versus last year, led the sequential improvement driven by better in-store trends and a higher penetration of the fast growing digital business. In Asia, growth remained positive, aided by 30% plus revenue gains in Mainland China, along with a return to year-over-year growth in Korea. Across the balance of Asia, sales remained below last year, specifically in Japan and Malaysia, as lockdown measures were reinstated. Europe, though a small portion of our total sales, experienced a material slowdown in the business, given a significant increase in lockdown accordance with local government restrictions. By channel, as Joanne noted, performance was driven by another quarter of triple digit growth in digital, as we leaned into the opportunity to meet the customer where they want to shop. In our global bricks-and-mortar channel, revenue continued to decline due to materially lower traffic compared to last year, partially offset by increases in AUR and conversion. In wholesale, while the channel remained below prior year, trends improved, reflecting, in part, a significant growth in our duty-free business in China's Hainan province. Importantly, top line trends in the month of January met our internal projections, reflecting a further sequential improvement from Q2, as we remain on track for sales to inflect in the third quarter. Moving down the P&L, we realized another quarter of excellent gross margin expansion compared to prior year, with all brands exceeding our expectations. Tapestry's gross margin rose 290 basis points year-over-year, as we successfully executed our strategy to maintain price discipline and leverage data analytics to tailor our product assortment and marketing messaging to the consumer. Coach drove the increase in the quarter with gross margin expanding 340 basis points compared to last year, driven by lower levels of promotion, resulting in higher AUR, along with the reduction in SKU counts as planned. At Kate Spade, gross margin increased 110 basis points, which included a benefit from channel mix, reflecting a strategic pullback and lower margin disposition sales. This was partially offset by the final quarter of negative impact related to bringing the brand's footwear business in-house. Kate Spade gross margin was significantly ahead of expectations due to lower levels of promotional activity in the North America value channels. In addition, SKU count began to decline. For Stuart Weitzman, the brand's gross margin rose 40 basis points due to a benefit from FX. SG&A declined 9% year-over-year, primarily reflecting effective expense management and the previously announced actions to transform the company's operating model. In addition, and as projected, SG&A in the quarter benefited from wage subsidies, risk concessions and a gain associated with the deferred purchase price of the Kate Spade China joint venture. These items were partially offset by reinvestments in the business, notably higher marketing spend and an increase in accrued annual incentive plan expense, given our outperformance year-to-date. Overall, we drove strong operating income and margin expansion compared to both FY ‘20 and FY ‘19 for the second consecutive quarter. We're extremely proud of these stand-out results which we delivered in the phase of unprecedented COVID-related external headwinds. As you will recall, we anticipated FY ‘21 would be a year of efficiency led profit growth and that our ability to drive increases in gross margin and reductions in SG&A would be the initial indicators of progress along our multi-year growth journey. Further, as expected, the outperformance of our margin accretive businesses, notably digital, across brands and China are supporting our significant margin expansion. The strength of the first half is a clear indication that our foundational changes and the strategies of our Acceleration Program are taking hold, reflecting the potential to fully unlock the flywheel and drive sustainable long-term growth. Earnings per diluted share for the quarter was $1.15 as compared to $1.10 a year ago, representing an increase of 5%. As anticipated, these results included a negative impact from a higher tax rate compared to last year due to the geographic mix of earnings, along with an increase in interest expense, primarily associated with the drawdown on our revolver. Now moving to distributions. For Tapestry, we closed a net of 18 locations globally in the first half, including three net closures in Q2, representing a net of 84 closures as compared to the prior year, as we continue to optimize our global fleet. Turning to a discussion of our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter in a strong position with $1.6 billion in cash and equivalents and total borrowings of $1.8 billion. Consistent with our stated near term priorities, we utilized free cash flow to pay down $500 million of the $700 million revolver drawdown during the quarter, with a $200 million balance paid down just last week. Therefore, at this time there are no longer any borrowings under our revolver. Total inventory ended the quarter 16% below last year, reflecting in part deliberate actions to reduce SKU counts and prioritize inventory turns. The ending inventory balance was below our expectations due to our sales outperformance in the quarter. Today, like many others across all industries, we are experiencing some distribution network disruptions related to COVID-19, resulting in shipping capacity constraints and port congestion globally. As a result, we anticipate longer lead times, which will delay the timing of receipts and limit our ability to chase higher levels of demand should it materialize. In addition, we expect the Kate Spade business to be affected by the widely reported Maersk Essen and ONE Apus cargo ship incidents, which will impact the brand's spring delivery. These factors have been contemplated in our outlook, which I will address shortly. CapEx for the quarter was $24 million, a decline of 52% versus prior year, as we continue to prioritize investments in high return projects, notably in digital, while tightly controlling overall spend and reducing our outlay for new stores. We now expect CapEx to be in the area of $135 million for FY ‘21 based on our favorable first half actualization. Free cash flow for the quarter was an inflow of $633 million, as opposed to $506 million last year. On a year-to-date basis, free cash flow was an inflow of $697 million. Our strong cash flow generation underscores the resilience and effective management of our brands and business. Now touching on our capital allocation priorities. As noted, the strength of our business and resulting free cash flow generation positioned us to fully pay down our revolver as of January. In the near term, we will continue to preserve our cash on hand, while reinvesting in the business. Longer term, our objectives remain unchanged. Our strategic intent is to return to sustainable top and bottom line growth, driving continued strong free cash flow generation, which will enable us to pay down debt, as well as return capital to shareholders. Turning to our outlook. As noted in our release, we are not providing detailed guidance for the fiscal year at this time due to lack of visibility. However, given our strong performance in the first half and assuming a continuation of the recovery from the pandemic in the second half, we are now projecting revenue to increase at a high single digit rate on a 52 week basis and in the area of 10% on a 53 week basis for the fiscal year. We continue to expect revenue to inflect in the second half, as we begin to anniversary the meaningful headwinds associated with the start of the global pandemic last year. This includes the expectation for sales to increase at a low double-digit rate in the third quarter. We are planning realistically, as we continue to monitor the external environment in light of the recent resurgence of cases across the globe and the noted supply chain and logistics challenges impacting receipts. We remain focused on controlling the controllables and are building a strong foundation for profitable expansion over the planning horizon. This includes continuing to take deliberate actions to lower promotional activity, increase AURs across brands, as demonstrated in the first half and to drive gross margin expansion for the fiscal year. As previously announced, we're taking steps to aggressively control our SG&A spend to implement structural changes to drive increased efficiency. Through these initiatives, we continue to estimate that we will realize approximately $300 million in gross run rate expense savings, including approximately $200 million in gross savings in FY ‘21 alone. However, with a higher level of variable costs associated with the higher sales forecast and reinvestments in our business, we would naturally expect our net savings dollars to be somewhat lower than originally anticipated. Looking ahead, we believe that we are creating a virtuous cycle of flywheel that should, as revenues inflect, drive bottom line growth, well in excess of top line gains over our planning horizon. In closing, we're very pleased with our strong half results, which demonstrate the bold actions we are taking under our Acceleration Program, the strength of our iconic brands and the resilience of our teams around the world and Tapestry's long-term potential to create value for all stakeholders. Looking ahead, we will continue to focus on those factors within our control as we navigate the uncertain environment in the near term. Importantly, our view of the long-term opportunities for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman is unchanged. Our brands continue to get benefit from Tapestry's enabling platform with the potential to achieve greater size and share than they could on their own. We remain steadfast in our strategic intent to drive organic growth and profitability and look forward to keeping you posted on our progress. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Bob Drbul: Hi. Good morning. Congratulations.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning, Bob.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks, Bob.
Bob Drbul: Thanks. I have two questions for you. I think the first one, how sustainable are these strong profit margin results? And then the second one is, when do you expect EPS to return to pre-pandemic levels? Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks Bob. I'll take those one at a time. Two great questions. First, on the sustainability of the results, when we developed our Acceleration Program, it was with an eye on foundational changes that we needed to make, to be ready for what we were calling at the time, the new world of retailing. And the trends that we saw over a year ago have only accelerated through COVID, as you know, and that's given us stronger conviction to move quickly. These are foundational changes. They are embedded in our business. Some of those changes include, having a sharper focus on the customer. We're using more consumer data and research to inform our plans and our execution. We're leaning into digital, really leveraging the Tapestry platform to engage customers in a different way. We're making real headway here with triple-digit growth in digital, over the past two quarters. We're maximizing the opportunity with the Chinese consumer, as evidenced by the 30% growth we showed in Mainland China this past quarter. And we're leveraging data for decision making. And that means really embedding these tools in our decision making framework and our processes, which is supporting our approach to things like disciplined promotions, our SKU reductions, inventory control. And we're also delivering gross SG&A savings, as Andrea mentioned, which is about streamlining our operating model. It's about taking layers out [ph] and empowering our teams, so that we can drive agility and speed. And at the same time, we're investing in capabilities to reach customers in new ways. And I would say, finally, we're focused on driving more productivity and profitability from our fleet. I mean, these are sustainable actions. And they're embedded in our operating model as we move forward, and we expect to drive accelerated revenue and profit growth across brands. I think year-to-date, our performance shows the actions are taking hold. We achieved strong operating income growth and operating margin expansion despite the pressured revenue year-to-date. To the second part of your question, with our first half outperformance, our fiscal year ‘21 outlook implies a return to high teens operating margin, despite the external environment. And it also implies that in this fiscal year, we'll be approaching pre-COVID earnings on a 52 week basis despite the lower sales. So it really speaks to the success of our Acceleration Program and honestly, the strength of our team's execution.
Bob Drbul: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I just wanted to dig on the…
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning, Irwin.
Ike Boruchow: Good morning. On the quarter-to-date and the third quarter outlook for revenue growth was really strong, especially in light of some peers of yours of what they've guided. Just curious if you could kind of dig into that a little bit more. I'm curious, what's going on in China. We've heard more channel restrictions and caseloads, so, curious if you're seeing volatility there? And then, in the North America market, specifically for Coach, how are you doing there? Is there a chance that you're back to positive comp there? Thanks.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: So maybe what I'll do is I'll start off with the China month-to-date comment. Obviously, as we spoke to on the call, we had very strong results in China during the quarter, up 30% across brands, up 35% in Mainland China for the Coach brand. And Todd can get into that a little bit more. Quarter-to-date, in Northern China, we've seen some resurgence in COVID cases. And we have a few temporary store closures, literally a handful. And we've seen some impact to traffic. But they do appear to be easing, as we move into the important China New Year - Chinese New Year holiday, which I think you know probably starts on February 12. So we're monitoring the trends. But as I said, things appear to be getting better. And we recognize that this is a near term dynamic. We're still as bullish as ever on the long-term prospects for our brands and business in China, especially in light of our second quarter results. Todd, I'll turn it around to you, what you're seeing in Coach.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Andrea. We were really pleased with our second quarter results. And, in fact, in North America, the Coach brand was - we did comp positively in North America. So we're coming off of that. We're pleased with where we are quarter-to-date. As you can - as you know, for the brand, comp in the next two months gets very wonky as we have closures in China, and then we have closures in the US. But in terms of where we're at, again, we had positive comp in this quarter, and we like what we're seeing in the future.
Ike Boruchow: Okay. Thank you.
Todd Kahn: Welcome 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thanks. Good morning. My question is around digital. I think it's been three consecutive quarters that you've seen triple-digit growth. Can you just share with us, as the world reopens, where do you see the digital mix settling out? And if you can kind of help us through the P&L of that. I believe it's margin-accretive, but any other kind of details on kind of the longer term impact you see from that on the P&L? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Good morning, Erinn. We are really pleased with our digital business. Another quarter of triple-digit growth, as you said. And as we look at it, we're in the middle of our fiscal year. But if you look on a trailing 12 month basis, our digital business has grown to $1.3 billion. So we're achieving significant scale. It's more than double where we were a year ago at this time. We ramped up quite quickly. And we're getting much better at engaging consumers on these platforms through e-commerce and social platforms. In fact, our digital business has been a great source of recruitment. We recruited over 1.5 million new customers in North America through digital channels, just this last quarter alone, across all of our brands. It is an important channel. We do see it continuing to grow. These digital shopping behaviors, we think, will be sticky, and we're well-positioned to continue to invest in and engage consumers here. And to your point, our digital margins are accretive versus their brick-and-mortar counterpart. So as we grow this and continue to grow this channel and meet our customers where they want to shop, it also is a tailwind from an operating margin perspective as we move forward.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: And just to add a little bit of context on that. And Erinn, I think you know this, but we have a relatively high AUR compared to your average retailer or e-tailer, should I say. And we have a fairly low rate of return, because we don't have size inventory for the most part. Most of our goods are leather goods. So at that, it takes that and then understand that we have the lower cost structure having been in fulfilling orders since we were - Coach was a catalog company. Our digital margins are well higher than those of the B&M channel, brick-and-mortar channel. And therefore, as we continue to grow in digital, that is going to support both the higher level of sales and a tailwind to operating margins.
Erinn Murphy: Great. That's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexandra Walvis of Goldman Sachs.
Alexandra Walvis: Good morning, everyone. Thanks so much for all the color. Thanks for taking my question. I had a question about new customers. You shared a few details on those new customers. I think you mentioned they were younger. I think you mentioned they spent more. I wonder if you could go into that in a little bit more detail. Are those customers distinct from the customers that were shopping in your stores previously? What sort of age range are they? And then how are they spending? Is the higher spending rate because they're buying more expensive products? Is it because they're buying more product? Any further comments on that would be super interesting. Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. I'll take the big picture and then pass it to Todd to give you some input on what we're seeing in Coach specifically. But overall, our focus through our Acceleration Program is to sharpen the focus on the consumer. And as we do that, we're looking at ways that we can engage consumers with our brands. Some of that is on digital and social channels, and we're building the tools and capabilities to be able to engage more consumers in our brands. We're gaining a lot of traction. We've added a lot of customers to our brands. When I talk about recruiting 1.5 million new customers, these are customer’s who are new to the brand overall. So these are not customers who are just migrating from brick-and-mortar into digital. We are seeing some of that behavior naturally with the lower traffic to our stores. But these are new to brand customers. And as you mentioned, they're increasingly younger. We're acquiring younger customers at an increasing rate as we engage in e-commerce channels and digital channels and through social media, which is great for the long-term health of our brands. And I'll kick it to Todd to give you a little bit more color on what you're seeing at Coach.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. We are so pleased with this. Not only did we have 1 million new customers in the quarter. But if you think about year-to-date, we added 2.5 million new customers to the brand, mostly through digital. So that's exciting. We are seeing them – you know, almost half being younger, Gen Zs and millennials. We're not seeing them buy necessarily higher priced product. But since the brand overall is less promotional, we're seeing that lift of AUR, it's winning across every demographic. Lastly, its early days, but we're seeing a fairly high repeat purchase rate. So that's very exciting to see that maintaining a relatively high repeat purchase rate on such a higher base is very exciting. And so we see this continuing. We're really looking at our data, all of the consumer insight to understand what's going to appeal to them, what's the medium, what's the messaging that we're going to continue to use, and it influences our design. So again, I think you've heard Joanne talk about the benefits of the flywheel. This is one where it comes into life.
Alexandra Walvis: Thanks for the color.
Todd Kahn: You are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on the progress so far. I was hoping to dig into the performance at Kate Spade a bit more, and really, your assessment of the progress with the strategic changes that you're making. If asked another way, trying to get a better sense of the cyclical recovery that may be emerging here versus some of the course corrections of the brand missteps in the recent past. And then it's separate, but also related to Kate. You called out a reduction in wholesale disposition as a headwind there. Maybe just where are you in terms of your level of exposure to that channel versus where you plan to be on a go-forward basis? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Hey. Mark, good morning. Regarding Kate Spade, as we mentioned, we are really pleased with the progress we're making in that brand. And we have a number of promising greenshoots. I would say we're still early days in terms of the actions we're taking to restore the brand, to help and drive the brand to its fullest potential. And we are really encouraged by the greenshoots that the team is taking. We're seeing operating margin expansion, improvement in the topline, and that's being driven by our focus on our assortment and the product is resonating with our consumer. We've talked about our handbag assortment and stabilizing and reenergizing our core handbag assortment. We're seeing traction behind key elements of that assortment and talk about the Spade Flower and the all-day tote that we released in last quarter, all performing. So that's a greenshoot. We're recruiting new customers, which is important to the brand, so that we can continue to expand the Kate Spade community. But we're also increasingly reactivating lapsed customers, which says that as we get back to the fundamental elements of the brand, we're resonating with our core customer base. So that was another greenshoot in the quarter. And I would say, finally, our global handbag AUR grew in the quarter, which is - has been really nice progress, and I think speaks to the relevance of the product as we're delivering it. So we feel really good about the progress we're making in the Kate Spade brand. As it relates to Dispo, obviously - maybe not obviously, that is a channel that we're trying to minimize, and we've made tremendous progress on that over the past few quarters. So we continue to focus on driving our business through our value channels, to our consumers, as well as through specialty. And we're making, as I said, really good progress. And really, the great news for us is that we're only just beginning. We see a tremendous amount of potential for the Kate Spade brand as we move forward.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: And I would just add to that, Mark, that we are very pleased that our inventory position, they're very clean across Tapestry and at Kate Spade, in particular.
Mark Altschwager: Great. Best of luck.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you.
Todd Kahn: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. Good morning. The shift to digital has been pretty sharp. Are there any big investments you need to support this strong growth? And then how does the shift change your thinking about the size of the fleet?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Hi, Lorraine. Thanks for that question. Yeah, the shift in digital has been rapid, and we've seen that more than doubled in the last 12 months, our total digital. I mentioned earlier, but $1.3 billion now business has reached sizable scale as well. And we have reacted quite quickly to support that business. We've added distribution square footage. We've added carrier partnerships and we continue to make the investments required to support that business on the distribution and fulfillment side, as well as investing in the platform and the data and technology and the tools that we need to manage that business. The teams have done a great job moving inventory around the world to ensure we're supporting demand where we see it. So we feel great about our position, our Tapestry platform and the scale that we bring to our digital business. And as it relates to the fleet, you know, our first focus is to sharp - is on the customer, right? We want to follow where the customers, we want to meet the customer where they are. And our shift into digital this year has really been to serve our customer where they and how they want to be served. And as we think about the fleet, we think about it through that same lens. We've talked about over the last couple of quarters, raising the thresholds of profitability and our expectations for the productivity and profitability for our fleet, and we continue to manage our fleet with those expectations, higher expectations for productivity and higher expectations for those - our brick-and-mortar stores to be profitable. Having said that, we also believe that there is a need for physical touch-point of the brand, stores matter. And we're investing in and ensuring that, that physical touch-point is the right experience for our consumer. And a great example of that is the store that we opened up in Shanghai and the IAPM Mall, it's a fully immersive digital store with floor-to-ceiling video walls that engage our consumer and let them engage with the video on the wall. So it's about the experience, but our - from a financial perspective and how we manage our business and our fleet, is with an eye on productivity and profitability.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Okay.
Todd Kahn: And the store that Joanne is referring to, I have to take a little pride is a Coach store. So we're - we love what we're seeing there. And it's something that I think we can adopt and have learning’s across the fleet, obviously, for Coach as well as the rest of our Tapestry brands.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Thanks, Todd. Didn't mean to steal your thunder.
Todd Kahn: You’re welcome. Okay. No, problem.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen.
Oliver Chen: Hi. Thank you. You've made encouraging and innovative progress at Coach outlet and also broadcasting to that customer and being inclusive and offering value. Could you update us on that strategy and where it is? And how it may synergize with your greater ecosystem? And also, as we think about outlet, how is outlet running with respect to promotions and traffic? It sounds like you've had really encouraging AUR gains there as well? Thank you.
Todd Kahn: I guess, I'll take that. I mean, you hit - you read our playbook. It is all about innovation, about messaging beyond just the product. So we see that the consumer really cares. They are value and value-oriented. So - and we're going to continue to double down on that. And we see it resonate, not just in North America, but globally. In North America, traffic is down. We see that, and that's going to continue to be a headwind until we get to through COVID relief and vaccination. But we're optimistic that we'll see a return. And as Joanne just mentioned, there is going to be and continue to be a strong brick-and-mortar business at Coach, both in full price and in outlet. In terms of coachoutlet.com, our strategy remains, we're being very responsive to the consumer, providing the consumer with really innovative product that both has their - satisfied their emotional needs and their functional needs. And you're going to see continue really accelerated innovation in all channels for Coach. So we're very pleased. We are going to be very, very rigid on the promotionality of the brand and continue to provide value and promote value versus pure price.
Oliver Chen: Thank you. And Joanne, sustainability and ESG are big priorities for us in our research product and - and other. What are your thoughts in terms of key priorities for the organization? And what would you highlight as your focus areas as you approach these topics? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. Thanks, Oliver. That's a great question. And ESG and sustainability, overall, is something that has been very important. It's important to each of our brands, and it's important to Tapestry as a company. In fact, as we were forming Tapestry as a company a few years ago, we talked about how ESG needed to be part of the fabric of our company. And we created our social fabric, which encompasses our ESG program, if you will our goals. And they're around people, communities and in our environment. And so, all three of those areas are focused areas of ours. As it relates to our people goals, it's about having more representation, across our organization and in leadership. And we continue to hold our teams accountable for progress. There's definitely more work we need to do there. But we remain very focused on it. And as it relates to communities, it's about how we impact our communities, as a company. And that's through our foundation and the work our foundations do, but also through volunteering efforts from our teams. And I would say, lastly, on the environment, we're very focused on our carbon footprint, and the impact and traceability of our supply chain. So those are some of the areas of focus. It is a very important element of our strategies going forward. And we're holding ourselves accountable to making progress on our goals.
Oliver Chen: Thank you very much. And best regards.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Oliver.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Boss of JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Great, thanks. And congrats on the improvement.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks for that.
Matthew Boss: Maybe on the topline inflection that you cited for the back half, could you speak from these indicators that provide your confidence in accessories to category growth coming out of the pandemic versus pre-pandemic? And then on the bottom line model flow through to exceed topline growth, as you cited, could you just speak to sustainability of Coach brand operating margins, here in the low 30s?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. Let me talk about - I'll take the category more broadly. And then, Todd and Andrea can talk about the sustainability of our margins. But as we think about the category, this - we have that small leather - has been a strong category, pre-COVID. For years, leading into the pandemic, the category was growing mid to high single digits. We've been incredibly pleased with the level of engagement that customers have had with the category, as we move through the pandemic. That's evidenced by our digital business, but also in areas in China, where the recovery is further along, we're seeing strong growth. So, continue to see consumers engage with the category. And we continue to hear, that handbags, these categories are emotional categories, that consumers love and they continue to purchase to treat themselves. They consider the purchase a treat. And so we've also done some research, in the middle of COVID about purchase intent going forward. And what we've heard from consumers is that, there continues to be strong purchase, intent for our categories. It ranks one of the highest categories for purchase intent in the coming 12 months. So we're pleased with the engagement in the category during the pandemic. We expect the category to continue to grow post pandemic. And as I think about it, as the vaccine rolls out and the world opens up again and people begin to connect in the physical world, we expect people to be going to events again and going out to eat, and we are very excited to be able to continue to grow our business, as we outfit our consumers, as their habits change going forward. So we see a lot of growth ahead as well. And Todd - in terms of sustainability margins, I addressed that a little bit in our - my first - the first question today, but our - the changes we're making in our organization are embedded in the organization. And we do think they're sustainable. But I'll pass it to Todd to take these.
Todd Kahn: Thanks, Joanne. We do see significant potential to grow topline. We said, and we said this now repeatedly over a number of quarters, our goal is to capture market share. And we think we can do that at higher levels of profitability. What you see some of the key drivers are digital, obviously, China and just driving higher gross margin and reducing our fixed cost base, particularly with the discipline on promotions and the increase in AUR. So we're pleased where we're at, and we see a lot of runway.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: And just to round it out on total Tapestry, as Joanne mentioned, based on our FY '21 outlook, you can imply a return to high teens operating margin, even on a 52 week basis, which is above our prior peak at Tapestry rate at 17% despite the external environment. And as Joanne mentioned, it does imply that EPS will hit or approach, I should say, pre-COVID FY '19 type of level. But importantly, we see continued opportunity from here, supported by continued revenue growth and operating expansion across brands. I think we have significant opportunity at both Kate Spade and at Stuart Weitzman to improve their gross margins. And obviously, we'll see the flow through on the higher level of revenues. And if you look in the next a couple of quarters, obviously, third quarter, we'll still see a very good increase in gross margin, led by Coach. Fourth quarter will be slightly pressured in terms of gross margin. And then in terms of SG&A, we would expect SG&A dollar growth to be down in the third quarter slightly, even though we'll have that nice gain, low double-digit in sales. And then in the fourth quarter, we would expect SG&A dollar growth to be up significantly on a year-over-year basis as - given last year's closures, et cetera, et cetera. Going forward, we still think there's significant opportunity for Tapestry's overall operating margin.
Matthew Boss: Congrats again.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks, Matt.
Todd Kahn: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question. Our final question will come from the line of Omar Saad of Evercore.
Omar Saad: Thanks for squeezing me in and thanks for all the information. Really, I just wanted to ask about the digital outlet strategy. What you're seeing there, any updates around that? Obviously, your e-commerce business is doing well. So I assume that's doing well. Are you seeing new customers come in through that channel? Are you seeing people cross-shop that channel? As you engage more digitally in that channel, I'd love to see what you're learning about the customers there? Thanks.
Todd Kahn: Yes. Thank you, Omar. We are seeing a new customer. And as we said, it is both in digital - both in outlet and in full price. It's a younger customer. They're value-oriented, and we see potential for a lot of crossover. So we're excited about this. Again, we recognize that the value customer is an omni-customer. And so we want to be there for that customer. So again, early days we're going to see a lot of growth here. We're going to lean in on this opportunity across the globe. So this is not just a North American opportunity. I see this opportunity present itself in a lot of our territories of the future.
Omar Saad: Thanks. Best wishes. Thank you.
Todd Kahn: Thanks, Omar.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And before we close...
Christina Colone: I'll turn it over to Joanne for some closing remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you, Christina. I just want to thank everyone for joining us today. We are pleased with our outperformance to-date in a uniquely challenging environment, and it underscores the progress we're making through our Acceleration Program. I do want to take a moment to thank our talented teams around the world who move mountains to deliver for our customers this past quarter. The challenges will speak, but their passion, energy and ingenuity made these results possible. Our performance this quarter reinforces our competitive advantages of our talented global teams, our great brands and Tapestry enabling platform and gives us confidence in our long-term strategy and ability to create value. And I believe we're positioned to emerge from the pandemic stronger with the ability to capture market share at higher levels of profitability. And I look forward to keeping you posted on our progress in the coming quarters. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-10-29 07:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to this Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations at Tapestry, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our first quarter results, as well as our strategies and outlook, are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's CEO; and Andrea Shaw Resnick, Tapestry's Interim CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information, as well as the related reconciliations on our website, www.tapestry.com/investors and then viewing the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with a brief recap of our first quarter results for Tapestry and each of our brands. She will also provide an overview of the progress we have made on our Acceleration Program. Andrea will continue with our financial results and our priorities going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, President and Interim CEO and Brand President of Coach. After Q&A, Joanne will conclude with brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome everyone. It's a pleasure to be with you today and a distinct honor to be leading this great Company at such an important time in our history. I'm incredibly proud of the momentum our teams are driving across the organization and confident that together we can both create and capture significant opportunities ahead. Now, turning to our results. As you read in our press release, our first quarter well exceeded our expectations across brands, demonstrating the bold actions we're taking as part of our Acceleration Program. We drove a meaningful sequential improvement in topline trends, supported by strength in Digital and China. We successfully raised AUR by offering customers compelling high-quality products that delivered exceptional value. This resulted in reduced promotional activity and significant gross margin expansion for the quarter. At the same time, we continue to tightly control costs. Taken together, despite the challenging backdrop, we achieved significant increases in operating income and EPS on a year-over-year basis. Importantly, we also generated strong positive free cash flow and ended the quarter with $1.5 billion in cash and equivalents and a clean inventory position heading into the holiday season. This performance underscores the power of our brands with leadership in the attractive premium handbags, accessories and footwear categories. It also reinforces the competitive advantages of Tapestry's enabling platform, including, first and foremost, our talented teams around the world who have shown tremendous agility and passion in delivering a great experience for our customers. Second, our consumer insights resources across brands and regions, providing the tools and deep consumer knowledge to unlock value. Third, our diversified supply chain and scalable global operations, which has proven invaluable, especially during these volatile times. And fourth, our technology infrastructure and robust digital capabilities accessible across the globe. In addition, leveraging these strengths, we've made meaningful progress on our Acceleration Program, which is defined by sharpening our focus on the consumer, leveraging data, leading with digital, and transforming into a leaner and more responsive organization. Some key highlights of the quarter include: first, we continue to drive triple-digit growth on our digital channels, leaning into our global capabilities to offer immersive customer experiences. In the quarter, e-commerce represented nearly 25% of total revenue as compared to a high-single-digit percent last year. These outside gains were led by the recruitment of nearly 800,000 new customers across brands in North America. Importantly, we are successfully driving repeat purchases among these customers at a higher frequency and we're capturing a growing number of Millennial and Gen Z customers online. Further, the growth in online sales is driving profit growth as well, as our digital businesses carry higher operating margins than their respective bricks and mortar channels. We believe that the consumer shift to online is a trend that's here to stay and we're excited by the traction we're seeing in this area of the business. Second, we also delivered significant growth in China in the quarter through innovative product assortments, enhanced marketing and expanded reach across direct channels and third-party online distribution. In fact, Coach is now the number one ranked handbag brand on Tmall, just one year after our soft opening on the platform. Our Digital business in China, while growing rapidly is still quite nascent, underscoring the enormous runway we have, particularly as Chinese consumers are highly digitally engaged. Third, as we've shared, we're committed to building industry-leading data and analytics capabilities to drive decision-making. In the quarter, we leveraged data and analytics to optimize our marketing messaging, assortment planning and promotional levels to support higher AUR. The successful outcome of these initiatives together with our innovative product offering and inventory management is evident in our strong gross margin expansion in the quarter. Fourth, we made further progress in creating an agile and scalable operating model. We're streamlining our organization structure and empowering our teams. As part of this work, we reduced our global corporate headcount costs by 20% on a run rate basis. As a result, we are emerging as a more agile organization that will drive faster decision-making. In the near-term, this better aligns our cost base with the current demand environment. And over the long-term, it supports operating leverage and profitable growth. We are also driving efficiencies through the optimization of our global fleet. Our focus is to improve profitability across our store network while delivering a consistent brand experience for our increasingly omnichannel consumer. Overall, through our Acceleration Program, we are better meeting the needs of our customers while creating a strong foundation for profitable expansion. Now, I'd like to touch on some of the overarching strategies for the holiday season and actions under way across Tapestry to navigate the dynamic backdrop. We will continue to focus on the factors within our control with an eye toward best-in-class execution. We're putting the consumer first with each of our brands delivering newness throughout the quarter. We will provide our customers with seamless shopping experiences by offering curbside pickup and contactless payment options, and the opportunity to make virtual appointments. We are also testing new technology to offer virtual queues in select North America outlet stores, allowing guests to bypass lines and instead receive an alert text when is their time to enter the store. Importantly, given social distancing requirements and related capacity constraints, we're implementing strategies to elongate the holiday shopping period, pulling forward demand ahead of the peak Thanksgiving week by offering customers the opportunity to start their holiday shopping earlier in the season. We will also continue to lean into Digital, with e-commerce sales expected to represent nearly half of holiday sales in North America this year. And we will remain disciplined in our management of promotions, inventory and costs. Overall, we have a comprehensive plan with the opportunity to leverage our scale, expertise in retail operations and best practices across brands to deliver exceptional customer experiences during this important and unprecedented holiday season. Turning to specific results and strategies by brand, starting with Coach, which delivered an impressive quarter. Revenue surpassed our expectations with sales down only 9% versus prior year, reflecting a significant sequential improvement. We also continued to expand gross margin, while leveraging SG&A, generating a 710 basis point increase in operating margin. There were many highlights from the first quarter. In keeping with our strategic priorities, we delivered compelling product, innovating across style silhouettes and price points. In retail, we continued to fuel Signature and proprietary brand codes to a variety of new iterations, while evolving our top family, such as Tabby and Hutton. In September, we launched our Coach by Jean-Michel Basquiat collection, which outperformed globally across categories. In outlet, we offered newness that balanced fashion and function, including the town bucket shoulder bag, the Serena Satchel and the Molly Tote. Importantly, we continue to be disciplined in our approach to promotions, consistent with our strategy, we're shifting the customer's focus to the value, attributes and quality of Coach's product. In fact, our global handbag AUR again rose over 25%, including over 20% growth in North America. In the Digital channel, we again realized triple-digit revenue growth, as we expanded our capabilities and services to drive sales and engagement. We recruited over 500,000 new customers through our North America e-commerce channels, representing a significant increase compared to last year. Turning to China. Our growth was fueled by a nearly 40% increase on the Mainland. In addition, we recaptured tourist demand through the China duty-free channel, as consumers increasingly shift to domestic travel. For holiday more broadly, we're sharpening our product strategy, delivering innovative and emotionally compelling product to excite the consumer. Across channels, we will focus on gifting options throughout the extended holiday season. In retail, as previously announced, we partnered with our global ambassador Jennifer Lopez on a Coach by JLO-designed Hutton bag, which was introduced globally this month. In outlet, our recently launched Marvel collaboration is driving strong customer engagement. At the same time, we will offer exceptional value to our customers, while continuing to reduce promotional activity. One of the key elements of the strategy is the planned SKU reduction, which is key to driving greater productivity and clearer brand messaging to the consumer. We expect these actions to support gross margin expansion in the second quarter. Touching on marketing, you will see messaging that is inviting and inclusive. In our holiday campaigns, we are highlighting our global brand ambassadors, including Jennifer Lopez, Michael B. Jordan, Kiko Mizuhara, Yang Zi and Jeremy Lin. The campaign celebrates stories of togetherness, relationships that endure and the power of modern families, those that we are born into and those we choose over time. In summary, we are delighted with the brand's performance in the first quarter and remain confident in Coach's ability to capture market share and drive long-term growth. Now, moving to Kate Spade. We are very pleased with the brand's top and bottom line results exceeded expectations for the quarter. Revenue improved sequentially declining 21% year-over-year. This included a 7 point impact from the strategic pullback of the low-margin wholesale disposition business. Gross margin expanded 100 basis points, primarily due to channel mix, partially offset by the negative impact of taking the footwear business in-house. We also tightly controlled costs and leveraged expenses resulted in -- resulting in a 380 basis point increase in operating margin. In addition to these solid financial results, there were many key strategic milestones for the quarter, as we focused on leaning into the fundamental elements of the brand that we know our customers value. We made progress in reenergizing the leather goods offering through our new Signature platform, the Spade Flower. This collection has been a global success with both new and existing customers. Margaux remained the top-selling family and customers continued to respond to our novelty offering, including the faux fur remedy bag in the specialty channel. Outside of handbags, we saw relative strength across jewelry, footwear and tech accessories. These categories, which are foundational to the brand's unique lifestyle positioning, are also important for customer recruitment and cross-selling. Turning to Digital. Kate Spade has a well-established e-commerce business with the highest digital sales penetration within our house of brands. During the quarter, we continued to drive momentum online, achieving strong double-digit revenue growth through engaging brand experiences across our platforms. In fact, we attracted over 250,000 new customers to the brand through our e-commerce channels in North America, meaningful increase compared to last year. Additionally, we reactivated over 100,000 customers through our digital channels, an increase of 100% compared to last year. This is an important green shoot that demonstrates the traction we're making in strengthening our relationships with our core customer base. Turning to Kate Spade's priorities for holiday. Most importantly, we will position the brand as the destination for gifting, joy and celebration. In specialty, we are building upon the successes of the Spade Flower assortment with our new coated canvas launch. In addition, we're excited to launch the all day tote. And we will debut a collaboration with brand ambassador Naomi Watanabe, which will rollout globally starting in Japan. In outlet, we will offer an array of festive holiday products that are in keeping with the brand's DNA. We're increasing the breadth and depth of box gift sets while also offering exclusive product drops over key weekends throughout the holiday season. We're also launching a new core handbag collection, Natalya, during the quarter. Across channels, we are more fully integrating novelty into our assortment, offering fun and witty shapes to excite the customer. At the same time, our teams are continuing to evolve the customer experience from leveraging digital and social media platforms to opening select pop-up stores in order to engage consumers in new and innovative ways. These are great examples of the teams' agility and responsiveness to adapt to the current landscape by putting the consumer first. And our holiday marketing campaigns will be both celebratory and playful as we continue to lean into our strength as a storytelling brand. We're also testing new digital platforms, such as TikTok as a way to amplify our messages and connect with consumers in relevant ways. In closing, I'm incredibly optimistic about the long-term potential for Kate Spade. We are making significant progress and while there is still work ahead of us, we are confident that we're on the right track. Turning now to Stuart Weitzman. We are encouraged by the progress we made during the quarter. Sales declined 35% versus prior year, improving from the previous quarter and exceeding our expectations as a result of momentum in the direct business led by China and e-commerce, while wholesale results benefited from shipment timing with the second quarter. Further, our focused strategic actions, notably tight expense control, unprofitable market exits in store closures, supported a significant narrowing of the brand's operating loss year-over-year. During the quarter, we delivered relevant and compelling product, capitalizing on the shift to casualization in the marketplace. We drove innovation across key classifications, including our iconic 5050 in LAND families. We delivered strong performance across our casual combat offering led by our pearl-embellished Sondra boot. We also leaned into the lug sole trend with launches of the KOLBIE, WENDA and IVEY booties. In keeping with our focus on the consumer, we relaunched extended sizes and widths based on feedback from our customers through a series of in-person and virtual trunk shows. This drove retention and reactivation among our most loyal customers who love the brand for its fusion of fashion and fit. Additionally, through our US e-commerce channel, we recruited over 40% more new customers compared to last year, establishing a more robust digital presence is an ongoing opportunity for the brand. Touching on marketing, we drove cultural relevance through our fall campaign featuring Serena Williams, our global spokeswoman, and Elane Zhong, our new local ambassador in China. In addition, we launched the 5050 VOTE campaign, showcasing a limited edition design of our 5050 boot, which sold out within the first week. This campaign has generated over 1.5 billion fresh impressions to date. We also strengthened partnerships with key wholesale accounts, supported by consistent execution and on-time deliveries. Looking ahead to spring, we're beginning to reestablish an expanded presence in these retailers. As mentioned, consistent with our strategy, we are focusing distribution on those markets and channels of greatest opportunity, notably China, building on the existing brand momentum. At the same time, we closed underperforming stores and markets as planned. Moving on to strategies for holiday at Stuart Weitzman. In product, we are emphasizing key classifications: boots, booties and sneakers, while balancing buy-now-wear-now styles with transitional product. We will also continue to build momentum in our casual offering, featuring our LIFT, lug sole across these assortments. From a marketing perspective, we will continue to feature our brand ambassadors in immersive 360 degree campaigns focused on lifting women up in high fashion, high function boots and booties for the winter season. In closing, we have a clear vision for the brand and we are seeing promising green shoots in the business. I'm confident we will return Stuart Weitzman to profitable growth over our planning horizon. Looking forward, building on the strength of the first quarter, we are increasingly optimistic in our ability to accelerate growth across our portfolio. With three powerful brands, each with a unique purpose and leadership position in attractive categories, they have a strong foundation and are well positioned as we enter holiday and beyond. By continuing to sharpen our focus on the consumer and more fully leveraging the power of the Tapestry platform, we will fuel desire for our brands and better meet the needs of our customers through innovative and relevant product, a seamless shopping journey and immersive customer experiences. These efforts, in combination with the work under way to transform Tapestry into a leaner, more responsive organization, will not only accelerate the growth of our portfolio but enhance the profitability and cash generation of our overall business, driving sustainable top and bottom line growth over our planning horizon. With that, I'll turn it over to Andrea for a detailed discussion of our financial results and outlook. Andrea?
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks, Joanne, and good morning, everyone. I hope this finds you all safe and well. Before I begin, please keep in mind that my comments are based on non-GAAP results, corresponding GAAP results and the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. As Joanne mentioned, our first quarter results exceeded expectations from a top and bottom line perspective across our portfolio of brands. Total sales declined 14% from prior year, representing a significant sequential improvement from the prior quarter across all brands, regions and channels. By region, we delivered double-digit revenue growth in China, including double-digit bricks and mortar growth. Outside of China, while revenue trends remained under pressure, every region showed substantial progress from the prior quarter. By channel, performance was led by continued strength in e-commerce, where we once again drove triple-digit growth. At the same time, we continued to drive improvement in our global store sales trends. Our holiday season has started off well with the continuation of momentum in China and across all digital channels globally. Of course, the vast majority of the quarter is ahead of us and the variables are many. Moving down the P&L, gross margin expanded 320 basis points year-over-year, driven by significant -- by a significant 350 basis point improvement at Coach. This expansion was primarily due to lower levels of promotion as we successfully executed our strategy to maintain price discipline and raise AURs, along with the continued tailwind from geographic mix. At Kate Spade, gross margin rose by 100 basis points, fueled by channel mix benefits, notably a strategic pullback in the low-margin wholesale disposition channel. For Stuart Weitzman, as expected, gross margin declined modestly year-over-year as a result of actions to clear through inventory in advance of planned market exit. SG&A declined 20% year-over-year, primarily reflecting effective expense management and the previously announced actions to transform our operating model, which included a 20% reduction in run rate corporate headcount costs. In addition, we realized a benefit from the sale of our Hong Kong office, as well as from temporary compensation reductions for our Board, management team and employees, which we expect to restore beginning November 1. We also realized variable cost savings on the lower level of sales and benefited from retail furloughs, notably early in the quarter. Taken together, despite lower sales in the quarter, we delivered operating income growth of 37% and operating margin expansion of 720 basis points. As you may recall, we anticipated that FY'21 would be a year of efficiency-led profit growth and that our ability to drive increases in gross margin and reductions in SG&A would be the initial indicators of progress, along our multi-year growth journey. Therefore, we are particularly pleased with our strong operating margin expansion in the quarter, which reflects the foundational changes under way and the potential to drive long-term profitable growth under our acceleration program. Earnings per diluted share for the quarter was $0.58, compared to $0.40 a year ago, representing an increase of 45%. Now, moving to distributions. For Tapestry, we closed a net of 15 locations globally as compared to the prior quarter and a net of 50 closures over the past year, as we continue to optimize our global fleet. Turning to a discussion of our balance sheet and cash flows. We ended the quarter in a strong position, with $1.5 billion in cash and equivalents. Total borrowings outstanding at the end of the quarter were $2.3 billion, including the $700 million we drew down on our $900 million revolver. Total inventory ended the quarter down 8%, which was better than our expectations due to better than anticipated revenue results. While the backdrop remains uncertain, we believe our inventories are well positioned into the holiday season and beyond. As an organization, we are managing to tighter inventory turn goals, while expanding gross margins. Capex for the quarter was $26 million, a decline of 64% versus prior year as we continue to prioritize investments in high return projects, notably in Digital, while tightly controlling overall spend in reducing our outlay for new stores. We continue to expect capex to be in the area of $150 million for FY'21, which would be a decline of approximately $125 million, compared to our normal annual spend. Free cash flow for the quarter was $64 million well ahead of both our expectations and an outflow of $66 million in the prior year period. This achievement underscores the resilience and effective management of our brands and business. Now, touching on our capital allocation priorities. In the near-term, our priority is to preserve our cash on hand and utilize free cash flow for revolver paydown in FY'21. We will start this paydown in Q2. Longer-term, our strategic intent is to return to sustainable top and bottom line growth and strong free cash flow generation, which we intend to utilize for debt paydown, as well as capital return to shareholders. Turning to our outlook. As noted in our release, we are not providing detailed guidance for the fiscal year at this time due to lack of visibility. Given our strong performance in the first quarter and assuming a continuation of the slow and steady recovery from the pandemic, we now project revenue to increase at a mid-single-digit rate over prior year for the full-year fiscal '21 on both a 52-week and 53-week basis. This includes the expectation for a low-double-digit sales decline in the second quarter as we are planning realistically, given the uncertain backdrop. However, we are well positioned should demand remain stronger. Importantly, we're continuing to project a significant topline inflection in the second half of the fiscal year. We remain focused on controlling the controllables and are building a strong foundation for profitable expansion over our planning horizon. This includes continuing to take deliberate action to lower promotional activity, increase AURs across brands, as demonstrated once again in the first quarter, to drive gross margin expansion for the fiscal year. As previously announced, we're taking steps to aggressively control our SG&A spend to implement structural changes to drive increased efficiencies. Through these initiatives, we continue to estimate that we will realize approximately $300 million in gross run rate savings -- expense savings, including approximately $200 million in gross savings in FY'21 alone. However, with the higher level of variable costs associated with the higher sales forecast, we would naturally expect our net savings dollars to be somewhat lower than originally expected. Looking ahead, we are creating a virtuous cycle or flywheel, it should, as revenues inflect, drive bottom line growth well in excess of topline gains over our planning horizon. In closing, we are confident in our ability to create long-term value for our stakeholders. We are committed to strengthening our brands and organization by focusing, first and foremost, on the consumer, leveraging digital, and data more fully and transforming into a leaner, more responsive organization. Our teams continue to focus on the factors within our control and the successful execution of our Acceleration Program during the holiday season and beyond. Importantly, our view of the long-term opportunities for our brands is unchanged and our strategic intent to drive organic growth and profitability is unwavering. Further, as Joanne mentioned, we firmly believe that together benefiting from Tapestry's enabling platform, our brands can achieve greater size and share than they could on their own. We look forward to keeping you posted on our progress as we move forward. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim.
Bob Drbul: Good morning. And Joanne, congratulations on the new official role. Best of luck.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Bob.
Bob Drbul: Congratulations on a great first quarter. I was wondering if you could just address -- maybe elaborate a little bit more in terms of how you feel your position for the holiday. I was just wondering if you could share any of the trends you've seen thus far in Q2 for us. Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Bob. And thanks for getting up a little early with us this quarter. We did deliver a strong quarter in the first quarter and our Q1 performance really reinforces the potential of our Acceleration Program, as well as the agility of our teams. We're really pleased with the progress we're making across all of our brands and we're confident in the foundation we're building and the opportunity to drive long-term growth and value. The environment is uncertain in the near-term and we're staying focused on being close to the consumer, and as Andrea said, controlling the controllables. We have a comprehensive strategy around holiday, leaning into Digital. We have initiatives to elongate the holiday shopping period. We're leveraging technology, such as virtual queues or appointment shopping, which we're seeing customers increasingly adopt, and omnichannel capabilities like buy online, pickup in store become more important. October has started out well. We've continued our momentum from the first quarter and we're well positioned to flex should demand further improve.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Great to see the improvement, Joanne. I'll add my congratulations. That's great news. Just at a high level since Bob kind of went through the holiday stuff. On AUR, the past couple of years I feel like you guys have talked about a shift to lower-priced handbags, cross-body, things that have added to the AUR pressure for the category in your business. And it seems like some of that stuff might be reversing, maybe a shift to larger bags, women need to carry gloves and sanitizers and masks. So, I'm kind of curious if you're seeing any of that. And if that's has some tail to it? And then within North America, the improvements are great, but can you talk about market share? Are you gaining share? Or is the category just kind of taking off a lot faster than what people thought? Thank you so much.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Ike. Our AUR performance has been quite intentional and really not related to product mix. We've been on this journey for a while, even pre-COVID starting to get traction in growing our AUR. And I'll make a few comments, but top it over to Todd to talk about the specific successes we're seeing at Coach. But we are focused on driving AUR by being close to our consumer and delivering value that our consumers value. And we're also embedding data and analytics better into our decision-making processes to better inform the assortment breadth, how we allocate that assortment, where we put -- allocate inventory by at a store level and how we price our product. And I think you're seeing all of those things come to bear in the AUR expansion. But it does start with understanding our consumer and delivering beautiful products that they value and we're doing that so well at Coach. And I'll pass it to Todd for his comments.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. Joanne is exactly right. What we've seen and what we've started in the fourth quarter demonstrated in the first quarter and will continue in our future is really deliver compelling product. And with great intention we have taken down the promotional cadence and that has really impacted our AUR and we see that trend going forward. Also, we benefit slightly from mix. So, as you know, China is more and more important in our mix and that's adding to our AUR. But again it is a very intentional process. And as we've always said, at Coach, we use magic and logic. I think now more than ever, this consumer centricity that we are embedding in the actual design and the briefs that our merchants and our designers get create much better success rates going forward. And you'll see that in a reduced SKU count that will also enhance our ability to maintain higher AURs.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And Ike, I want to come back on your question around market share in North America. We're really pleased with the progress we're making and the trends in North America across our channels and we believe that we are -- we have tremendous growth potential in the market and we're seeing more -- and recruiting more new customers to the brands. So -- and that's across all of our brands. So, we are pleased with our performance in North America and the growth we're seeing across the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler.
Erinn Murphy: Great, thanks. Good morning. And Joanne congratulations to you and to the team as well. I guess, my question is around the influx of new customers that you were just speaking to. Can you talk a little bit more about where are these customers are coming from? Are they switching from other brands? Or just following up on Ike's question, so just broader interest in the handbag category. And then maybe if you can share a little bit more about your strategies to retain these customers and think about them as more repeat customers over time. Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: We spent a lot of time improving our marketing capabilities and understanding our consumer. When we say as part of our Acceleration Program, that we want to focus on our consumers, it's really developing a deeper understanding of our consumers and how to reach them. We talked a lot about some of the test and learn capabilities that we've added to our marketing teams, leveraging analytics, not only to know them better and develop deeper insights, but also test how to reach our consumers at a better level and that has helped us unlock some of this new customer recruitment that we're seeing. But also, we believe will help us reach these customers and retain customers. There are many things that we have under way across our brands to drive, not only recruitment, but retention of our customers and we're seeing traction. We talked about recruitment at Coach, but we're also seeing it at Kate Spade as well, including reengagement of lapsed customers. And we're also rolling out loyalty programs to continue to better engage our consumers. So we have a comprehensive strategy, not just in marketing, as Todd mentioned, it's knowing our consumers, leveraging those insights, building it into our product, also building it into our marketing capabilities, so we can continue to reach and engage those consumers.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. And just building on what Joanne said with the Coach brand. This quarter, we attracted 500,000 new customers, over 40% of them were Gen Z and Millennials. And we see a continue high purchase intent. And one of the things early days, but we're seeing them their repeat purchase at an accelerated rate. So, that bodes really well for the program and our offering. And as Joanne mentioned, we launched on October 1 in North America, our Coach Insider program, which is an omni program for both digital and brick-and-mortar to really further engage and create a sense of community among the Coach customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question, and Joanne, [indiscernible] my congratulations as well.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Mark.
Mark Altschwager: So, I wanted to follow-up on gross margin. Could you maybe just help us understand the magnitude of some of the geographic mix benefits versus AUR in some of the other factors? Looking ahead, gross margin comparisons do ease over the next couple of quarters, but as North America recovers, perhaps that's a bit of a headwind to gross margin. But, I guess, as you put this all together, I mean, are you -- do you think you can sustain gross margins near this 70% level that you've achieved over the past couple of quarters? Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: So, Mark, we are targeting gross margin expansion for the year and we are making the systemic changes to how we manage our business and that is driving our margin improvement, as well as we have seen some channel mix benefit as well in the gross margin, but we are also seeing product margins increase from the actions -- specific actions we're taking, I touched on them earlier. But driving AUR includes embedding data and analytics into how we're managing the business, really knowing our customer and delivering products that resonates with them and delivering a great value. That has allowed us to step away from promotional activity and that has been a real win in terms of driving AUR. I'll pass it to Andrea, she could give you some of the statistics about the splits between channel mix and product mix. But the answer to your question is, we expect to continue to drive AUR growth and margin expansion this year.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks, Mark. Thanks, Joanne. Yes, absolutely, in the first quarter, we saw, obviously, very strong gross margin expansion. At Coach, that gross margin expansion was primarily driven by a reduction in promotional activity and higher IMU, while channel mix did help, given our growth in China, which as you know, Mark, international markets do have a higher overall gross margin. And, of course, having a very low exposure at Coach to wholesale also helps its gross margin. The overriding driver there was on the promotional -- the reduction in promotional activity in the higher AUR. At Kate Spade, we saw the primary driver, the channel mix, and as I spoke to in the prepared remarks, we saw a significant decline in year-over-year wholesale disposition, which, of course, is a low-margin business for us. As we look ahead, in our second quarter, we would expect that gross margin at Coach would continue to be significantly expanding on a year-over-year basis, driven again by that promotional activity and AUR. At Kate Spade, we would not expect gross margin to increase and that will not have that, if you will, the channel mix driver in the second quarter, although, we would not expect promotional activity to be up year-over-year as it was not up in Q1, and we would expect gross margin at SW to be down. So in the second quarter, promotional activity at Coach and higher AURs at Coach will be the primary driver. And for the full-year, we would expect gross margin for Tapestry to be overall up. Obviously, in the fourth quarter of the year, just going out a little bit, we will have a very difficult comparison given the significant growth in gross margin in the fourth quarter of '20.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Merriman of Bernstein.
Jamie Merriman: Thanks very much. Joanne, you've talked about data and analytics initiatives and the ability of that to help drive your lower promotional levels and help reengagement of your lapsed customers. But could you talk a little bit about how you're building that capability? Is that being done and how are you partnering with third parties? And then where do you see the biggest opportunities to leverage that data? Is it in terms of actually driving accelerated revenue? Is it sustainably reducing promotions over the long-term? Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you. It's all of the above. Part of our Acceleration Program is really focused on leveraging data and analytic capabilities. And we have over time built a very sophisticated data and analytics capabilities. And our focus through the Acceleration Program is really embedding those capabilities into our decision-making process. So, we have very robust capabilities and the right architecture and a lot of data. And our focus now is how to unlock that data and the insights and really drive decision-making. And we're seeing that benefit across several areas of our business and of the value chain, if you think about it from how we assort products. We talked about SKU reductions. We've taken significant reductions in our SKU count informed by the analytics that we're seeing. So the teams, the merchants and the product teams are understanding the performance of our assortments and leveraging those analytics, balancing that with their intuition, but leveraging analytics to understand what the right assortment architecture is. I talked about the work we're doing to allocate to our stores, the right product based on the customers in those stores and what they are voting for and what they -- what resonates with them. So knowing customers more deeply in each of our locations and then building our assortments in our stores to reflect their preferences. We're getting much sharper at that. That's driving improvement. The pricing piece of it and the promo analytics is about -- is aggregating our promotional data and understanding at a consumer level what resonates with which consumers. And then leveraging that to our marketing capabilities, leveraging analytics to make sure we're reaching the right customers with the right messages. So, it's really throughout the value chain and it's an opportunity -- we found the opportunity to really embed the analytics into our decision-making processes. And it does impact revenue growth overall, because all of those things drive higher AUR, faster turnover of our inventory and lower promotional activity, which drives higher sales.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. Good morning. I was encouraged to hear that you'll begin paying the revolver down in the second quarter. Can you talk a little bit about what it will take to reinstate the dividend? Is it a debt leverage ratio or sales and margin returning to positive territory? Maybe just give us a little bit of your thought process behind that?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. I would say, I appreciate that question, Lorraine, because as we entered and have been navigating through the disruption, our focus was to ensure the stability of our business and the sustainable generation of free cash flow. So as we're having this conversation about paying down the debt and capital allocation in the future, it does show that we're making progress and generating stable free cash flow. I'll pass it to -- but the environment and visibility does remain uncertain in the environments dynamic. So we're managing through that. But I'll pass it to Andrea to give you an understanding of our capital allocation priorities.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Yeah. Joanne, I think you really touched on it. We're really prioritizing liquidity and financial flexibility in '21 to navigate the current environment. We made the decision to suspend our dividend and share repurchase programs that saves us about $700 million a year on an annualized basis compared to last year. And our intent is to return to sustainable top and bottom line growth and strong free cash flow generation, which we're going to use for debt paydown. In fact, our first paydown on the revolver should be tomorrow. And so, we're going to begin in Q2 '21, but just note that during our covenant period, we are restricted from paying dividends or repurchasing shares. And Lorraine, I think you know that I think we discussed that. But longer-term, we are going to, of course, evaluate shareholder returns as part of our priorities for cash through dividend and share repurchase. And we're going to be prudent before restating -- reinstating our shareholder return program. We have to consider the near-term liquidity needs of the business and credit metrics to maintain our investment-grade rating and we know what it takes to maintain that and that's important to us.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen.
Oliver Chen: Hi, thank you. Regarding Coach outlet and marketing to the Coach outlet customers, what do you see as the roadmap ahead and plans there to continue to innovate and capture customers and engage them there? I would also love your thoughts on creativity and creative innovation and magic plus logic. In the context of the consumer data and the machine learning and your thoughts on the Coach brand and where that should go next? How do you -- how will you harness that to just maintain fashion credibility as you continue to make progress? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Oliver. I'll make a couple of comments, but then pass it over to Todd. In terms of the outlet business we're really thrilled with the response we've seen from our consumers. In the outlet channel, we continue to deliver really tremendous value and beautiful high-quality product to consumers in that channel. And we're learning how to engage consumers in a more relevant way through all channels in the outlet. And it's not just the outlet, it's also across the space -- across all channels. And as we think about, I love the question about creativity and magic and logic. I tend to talk a lot about data and analytics, but our Company has always priced that balance of magic and logic. And I think you can see from the assortments that we're delivering that creative balance is critically important to deliver products that consumers value, and our teams continue to do a great job delivering beautiful products and great value for our consumers. And that's a key element. I think if you see in the Basquiat collection at Coach, and Todd, I don't want to steal all your thunder. I'm just stealing all of your thunder. But it is a beautiful product and quite creative, as well as the novelty products and the Spade Flower that we're -- we've introduced in the Kate Spade, so it's across our brands. But I'll kick it over to Todd and let him comment.
Todd Kahn: It is the CEOs prerogative to steal a little thunder, that's OK. But Joanne, did hit on really key issues. First, machine learning is absolutely something we're looking at and all of this data, particularly to help inform the briefs and the merchants. But I think and you hit it on the head, it's the balance of the magic and logic. And that is so key, a machine as sophisticated and I hope my data analytics people don't get too offended by this, are not going to design the handbag that definitively we put out there in shelves. They will also help inform the design of the handbag. And what you see with Joanne mentioned Basquiat, that's a full price opportunity. We hit amazing AURs in the first quarter for handbags over $745 with that collection. It just shows, when it's emotional, it really trumps price and trumps anything else. And that was emotional. Similarly, in October, we launched the Marvel collection for outlet. Again, incredible AUR, very compelling, very emotional. So, we see those opportunities continued. And even what we've done with Basquiat is, for the first time, we ceded a bag, the beat bag in that collection, and now that's a major bag for our holiday season going forward. So, I think it is constantly reimagining that blend. And then finally on outlet, we're just getting started. What we understand and recognize is the outlet consumer is an omni consumer. And limiting that value customer, who by the way tends to be a little younger, limiting them only to brick-and-mortar was a mistake. The opportunity to be expansive and to allow them to shop where they want to shop is a huge unlock that I see us accomplishing our goal of capturing market share through all of these channels.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Trussell of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Trussell: Good morning, and I too want to share my congratulations, both for the performance and one of the announcement, Joanne.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Paul.
Paul Trussell: And also, I can personally speak to the men's Basquiat collection being quite compelling. So, I wanted to go back and touch on the Digital growth. You're obviously driving really strong gains there. Maybe just speak in more detail on the success you're having across the geographies on the Digital platform? And maybe in China, specifically, how should we think about your direct business versus the third-party online distribution mix? And just the overall impact that these Digital gains are having to the P&L from a channel mix perspective? And then just to sneak in, just separately, Coach has really been the focus of investor conversations that we've had. So, I would just want to make sure that we have -- what should be the major takeaway or learning for investors from this quarter as it relates to Kate and Stuart, specifically?
Joanne Crevoiserat: I'll start with the Digital business, Paul. We saw the second quarter in a row of triple-digit growth across our digital channels. And we're leveraging and leaning into our digital capabilities, not only to serve the customer in that channel, but also the recruitment vehicle for new customers. Todd just mentioned the success we're having in the Coach brand, but across all of our brands and recruiting new customers across brands through that channel. Significant growth in North America, but also globally. And we have the capabilities to serve our customers through the digital channel globally. Simultaneously, however, we saw that triple-digit growth while we continue to drive sequential improvement in the stores business, so -- in the first quarter. So encouraged that we continue to see the consumer adopt and lean into digital as the stores businesses has improved. To your point on the P&L, our digital margins are accretive. And we are structurally from a P&L perspective leaning into Digital is a benefit to our P&L. Our business, as I said structurally, is favorable. In the Digital business, we have high AUR and high order values, as well as high-margin and because our businesses not size, we have a relatively lower returns rate, which drives a higher overall operating margin in the channel. We're capturing new customers, as I mentioned and expect to continuing to invest in this channel, both in marketing, but also new capability. So, we're incredibly optimistic about what we see the road we see ahead in digital and continue to expect the penetration to increase. We're doing that across regions, to your question, again, significant growth in North America, but also significant in China, where -- and in Europe. But in China, interestingly, our -- the Coach brand is the number one ranked brand on the Tmall platform. So, we are reaching consumers through that channel and that's obviously an important channel to reach a number of consumers in that market. So, we're very encouraged by the work that we're doing and our ability to engage consumers, recruit consumers and retain consumers through that channel and what it means for our P&L. We are seeing that across our brands, and you mentioned Kate Spade. We made progress across all of our brands this quarter. And I don't want -- Coach had such a standout performance. I don't want it to be lost that we also drove topline and bottom line ahead of expectations in both Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. We are making progress in those brands and important progress. And particularly as it relates to Digital, Kate Spade is our most digitally -- highest digitally penetrated brand already. And we're having success reaching consumers through that channel. And the Kate Spade brand recruiting new customers, reengaging lapsed customers. The team is working very hard to really lean into the fundamental elements of the brand. We talked about the Spade Flower introduction from a product perspective, which has been very well received. And that is -- that will become a new icon that we can build off for the brand. So, we're making progress in the product, as well as in the way we're engaging consumers in the Kate Spade brand. I continue to have, and we continue to be confident in the long-term potential there. And I'll touch on Stuart Weitzman also, promising green shoots in the quarter. We improved revenue. We narrowed our operating loss during the quarter with focused actions. The team was very bold to make sure that we were focusing on the most profitable and productive distribution. And that you can see -- the results of that you can see in the progress we made in Stuart Weitzman in the quarter. So progress across our portfolio for the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Omar Saad of Evercore.
Omar Saad: [Indiscernible] especially maybe give us kind of a historical evolution of the digital channel for the outlet business. I think a couple of management teams ago it was more of a flash sale operation. And maybe you can kind of describe the iterations and where you are now with coachoutlet.com or what the vision is for coachoutlet.com and how that's different for this, obviously, very important part of the customer base? Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: I think you cut out on the first part of your question, Omar, but related to the Digital and how we think about the Digital business now versus historically. I -- historically, the consumer and the channel was leveraged for in a completely different way. And now as we think about, you're right, historically, we did lean into the flash sale element of the Digital business. But today, as we get closer to our consumers, the digital channel and understand how they shop. The digital channel is an important way the consumers discover brands, engage with brands on a number of levels, not just to transact, but also to engage across different platforms. And the way we think about engaging consumers today is really putting the consumer first. And being available for that consumer wherever and however they want to engage with our brands. We're seeing a lot of success in the digital channel in terms of growing sales through the channel, but we're also having a lot of success through the digital channel in engaging our consumers through our marketing activities, even with our store associates engaging our consumers on social media platforms, the virtual staffing parties and really developing communities behind our brands. And so, the digital space is quite a bit different today than it was even a few years ago. The consumer shopping behaviors are changing rapidly. We're staying very close to our consumers and working to meet them where they are. And I can pass it to Todd to talk about some specifics around the Coach brand.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. Thank you, Joanne. And I was here in the days when we launched [DOS]. And this is not your father's DOS. This -- our digital platform now is so different. Before it was a closed idea where we kept going to the same customer base over and over and over again and talking about price, price, price. This is an expansive channel recognizing where the consumers, how she shopping, and talking about value. And the learnings we're getting, and the frequency of purchase and the marketing that we're putting behind it, that's measurable in the digital performance marketing, it's completely different. And as I mentioned a little earlier, talking about the Coach Insider launch, this is a huge opportunity to create a sense of community across both the digital and the physical platforms. And what we're seeing is greater purchase intent, higher frequency and really just deeper engagement with the brand. So, I see this as a tremendous opportunity and the learnings with that we're gaining from North America will transcend this market. And we will see us do this in other markets over our planning horizon.
Omar Saad: Thank you. That's very clear. Sorry about the tech issues and congratulations, Joanne, on the great opportunity.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you, Omar.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question. Our last question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel of BMO Capital Markets.
Simeon Siegel: And again, Joanne, really congrats on the new position. That's a great news. So, really impressive handbag AUR increase. Could you share the total Company your Coach level AUR increase? And then, really encouraging to hear kind of the short-term expectation for opportunity. Any help on thinking through the longer-term gross margin opportunity from here? Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. I'll kick it off by saying the gross margin expansion that we saw in the first quarter has been intentional and an integral part of our Acceleration Program to get closer to our consumer and embed data and analytics and I touched on a couple of times on the call, how that's coming to life in the business and delivering the gross margin expansion that we're seeing. We do believe that we have the opportunity to continue to expand gross margin as we move forward, not only for this year, but beyond this year, across all of our brands. And I can let Todd touch on the specific Coach AUR.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. Our AUR, as you saw, grew over 25%, including 20% in North America. So, we are really pleased with these AURs. And again, our intention through creation, through SKU reduction, through reduction in promotion, we want to hold on to higher AURs, and we think we have that opportunity.
Operator: Thank you so much everyone for your time. I will now turn it over to Joanne for some closing remarks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. Thanks, again, everybody for joining us today a little bit earlier than normal. It is an honor to be leading this organization. We have such talented global teams with great brands and Tapestry is an enabling platform. Very pleased with the results we delivered in the first quarter against a very uncertain backdrop. And we're confident in the long-term strategy and potential to create value. I'm looking forward to keeping you all posted on our progress moving forward. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-08-13 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to this Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations at Tapestry, Christina Colone.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our fourth quarter and year-end results, as well as our strategies and outlook are Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Interim Chief Executive Officer; Andrea Shaw Resnick, Tapestry's Interim Chief Financial Officer; Todd Kahn, President and Interim CEO and Brand President of Coach; Liz Fraser, CEO and Brand President of Kate Spade; and Giorgio Sarne, CEO and Brand President of Stuart Weitzman. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projection for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q and the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information, as well as the related reconciliation on our website, www.tapestry.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release and the presentation posted today. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Joanne will begin with a brief recap of our fourth quarter and year-end results for Tapestry. She will then provide an overview of our multi-year growth agenda. Todd, Liz and Giorgio will speak to our individual brand strategies and initiatives. Andrea will continue with our financial results and our priorities going forward. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session. After Q&A, we will conclude with brief closing remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's CEO.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you and good morning, everyone. I’m honored to have the opportunity to speak with you today as Tapestry's CEO, particularly given this pivotal moment in the company's history. I have a passion for our business and our brands, and I see tremendous opportunity ahead. In addition to having a portfolio of three strong brands, Tapestry has built a powerful platform to enable our brands to achieve higher heights than they could on their own. Today, I'll be sharing the work we're doing to strengthen this platform through the Acceleration Program that we announced this morning. This program is aptly named as it will accelerate our path to stronger growth and operating margins in each of our brands in the years to come. I'm pleased to be joined on the call by our brand CEOs, all of whom have significant experience in building businesses and brands. Together, we've been hard at work, laying the foundation of this plan; and I'm excited to have Todd, Liz, and Giorgio share more details about the opportunities we see in each of our brands moving forward. Over the past few months, Tapestry has been confronted by significant change, both externally and internally. Amidst these changes, our steadfast commitment to our purpose and values as well as focus on our multiyear strategic agenda have remained constant. Looking forward, I'm confident that Tapestry's next chapter of growth is ours to write. Let me start by sharing the guiding principles of Tapestry's Acceleration Program, which include; first, sharpening our focus on the consumer; second, leveraging data and leading with a digital-first mindset; and finally, transforming into a leaner and more responsive organization. These principles both inform our strategies and focus our execution, which will fuel desire for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, driving accelerated revenue growth, higher gross margins, and substantial operating leverage across Tapestry's portfolio. Before discussing the details of our strategic plan, I want to briefly touch on the key financial highlights of our fourth quarter results. We exceeded internal expectations across key metrics, demonstrating the power of our unique brands and the decisive actions taken to adapt our business to the rapidly evolving environment. Our teams moved quickly to better support and engage consumers, leveraging social and digital capabilities. And our customers responded, with digital growth increasing triple-digits year-over-year. Performance in Mainland China was also a bright spot, returning to positive growth in the quarter. We made progress in safely reopening our stores globally, with the vast majority of our fleet fully open and operational by the end of the fiscal year. Importantly, we delivered significantly better than expected margins by maintaining the disciplined promotional strategy while implementing effective cost management initiatives. We ended the year in a solid liquidity position with $1.4 billion in cash, reflecting the health of our balance sheet, and inventories well-positioned heading into the new fiscal year. I'm incredibly proud of our team's passion, resilience, and focus during these unprecedented times. Our people are the key to our future success, and I'm confident that we will continue to execute at a high level as we move forward. Further, I’m convinced that Tapestry's ability to weather the challenges over the past few months is due in part to our culture of embracing diversity. We've always strived to contribute to a world that is inclusive. We understand that we are better together when different voices, life experiences and perspectives allow us to develop entirely new ideas, solutions and products. This principle drives everything that we do, and it is embedded in the DNA of our company and in each of our brands. Before jumping into the key pillars of our Acceleration Program, I want to provide some context for the work we've been doing. We began a comprehensive review of our business in the fall of last year. This diagnostic work crystallized the path to fuel accelerated growth for Tapestry in each of our brands. Of course, we are now clearly operating in a different environment than when we began that review. However, as I mentioned earlier, the changing landscape has not changed our priorities. In fact, it has been a catalyst to accelerate them. I'll now walk you through the key elements of our Acceleration Program, which serves as shared priorities across our organization. First, we're sharpening our focus on the consumer. We will operate with a clearly articulated purpose for each of our brands and an unwavering focus on the consumer at the core of everything we do. Authentically engaging consumers is foundational to the success of any brand, and we have strong brands with rich heritage to build from in this work. To ensure that we deliver on the potential of our brands, we are more clearly defining the distinctive brand equities in key customer segments for each of our brands. This clarity will guide decision making, and it will drive stronger consistent execution at all brand touch points and deeper engagement with consumers. This is critically important because we understand that to win in today's environment, the bar is high. Consumers have more choice than ever before, and consumers' priorities are changing, they are increasingly driven by their values, are more connected and seek brands with authenticity that engage seamlessly and align with their values. Our 3 powerful brands, all with authentic heritage and distinctive positioning in the market are well positioned to thrive in this context. We will deepen our connection with our consumers through our grounding and purpose, authentic principles and heritage, and our relentless focus on the omni-channel experience. Todd, Liz, and Giorgio will expand on the specific work happening in each brand in a few minutes.  And to keep that customer front and center, our second priority is to become more data-driven and lead with a digital-first mindset. We are building industry-leading data and analytics capabilities and we'll operate with a digital-first mindset to drive decision-making, increase efficiency, and personalize the consumer experience. As we look to build on our strong foundation, we are focused on changing not just what we do, but how we do it. We understand that leveraging insight about our consumer requires us to become more sophisticated users of the data that we have, which is why we are embedding data-driven decision making throughout the value chain. This really touches all aspects of our business, including product design, development, merchandise planning, marketing and pricing. For example, we are leveraging data to inform assortment choices at a store level to better reflect local consumer preferences, driving higher AURs and productivity. In another example, we are more dynamically influencing our marketing, running small tests to understand consumer response, measuring our results, iterating the process and scaling wins. As we continue to develop resources and processes, our teams will be armed with more tools for real-time measurement and analytics. We are empowering them to champion this test and learn approach that allows us to gather new information quickly and move with speed to respond to changes in consumer preferences and demand. Perhaps most importantly, leaning into the momentum that we're driving in our digital channels, we will offer immersive customer experiences across our e-commerce and social platforms. I've been so impressed with the way our teams have responded to recent challenges and the innovation they've introduced to engage consumers over digital and social media platforms, reaching consumers where they are and how they want to engage with us. We've seen tremendous traction across our digital channels as a result, evidenced in part by the recruitment of new younger customers to our brand at an accelerated rate. In fact, in the fourth quarter alone, we recruited nearly 1 million new customers across brands in North America through our digital channels. We're also reengaging lapsed customers who are shopping with our brands. And not only are we driving revenue growth online, but we're driving but we're driving profitability as well as our digital businesses carry higher operating margins than their respective bricks-and-mortar channels. At the same time, we recognize that physical stores will remain an important touch point in the consumer shopping experience. However, we are reevaluating the role of stores through an omni-channel lens in the context of the evolving consumer backdrop. We are taking a rigorous approach to assessing our brick-and-mortar fleet by raising the bar and profitability thresholds. Our focus is to improve profitability across our fleet while delivering a consistent brand experience for our increasingly omni-channel consumer. Finally, we intend to transform Tapestry into a leaner and more responsive organization. As part of this work, we reduced our global corporate headcount costs by 20% on a run rate basis. As a result, we are emerging as a more streamlined organization that will drive faster decision-making, leveraging scale and best practices. In the near term, this better aligns our cost base with current demand environment. And over the long term, it will support operating leverage and profitable growth. We believe these actions will serve to unlock the potential of our global teams and brands. We also continue to leverage the Tapestry sourcing model to drive efficiencies across our brand portfolio. I was pleased to have had the opportunity to travel to Asia not long before the travel restrictions went in place, to spend time in those markets with our teams and consumers as well as spending time with some of our largest service providers and suppliers. We have incredible teams and strong partners supporting our business, who continue to innovate and adjust to the current environment while maintaining our high standards. Over the past few years, we have reduced production lead times from four months to three months without jeopardizing service delivery, and we delivered significant synergy savings through the power of our scale. Our work is continuing, with an opportunity to drive more speed into our process and strengthen our strategic partnerships across raw material suppliers and service providers. Our supply chain capabilities have always been a competitive advantage for our company, and we will continue to improve, driving more speed and responsiveness to deliver the beautiful, high-quality products our customers expect from us. In closing, we believe the successful execution of these priorities will fuel desire for our brands, enabling us to accelerate growth across our portfolio, while enhancing the profitability and cash generation of the overall business. I'm confident that our strategy is the right one for our future. We have three powerful brands, and Tapestry is the enabling platform to help them do what they can't do alone, by providing consumer insights across brands and across regions, providing the tools and consumer knowledge to unlock value, a globally diversified supply chain, which we are now evolving to make even more responsive, a technology infrastructure and robust digital capabilities available across the globe, and access to global talent across brands. Importantly, we have the right team of strong and seasoned leaders in place who have worked collectively to create and implement this plan and who are committed to seeing it through. I'm confident that together with their fantastic global teams, we have the ability to translate these initiatives into shareholder value creation through accelerated growth in revenue and profitability across our portfolio over our planning horizon. Now I'll turn the call over to Todd to dive into the details of the Coach brand. Todd?
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Joanne. Over the past five years, prior to COVID-19, Coach generated modest growth with excellent margins and was viewed as the engine of our house of brands. However, of diagnostic work, combined with leveraging our deep understanding of the Coach brand, showed that there is a significant potential for growth and margin expansion beyond what we have already accomplished. Before I explain why we have so much conviction in the potential we see ahead of us, I think it's important to provide some context on where we've come from. As some of you may remember, at our Analyst and Investor Day in 2014, we presented a three-year plan to make Coach a modern luxury brand across product, stores and marketing, driving fashion credibility and targeting the cool girl and guy. We added beautiful handbags at higher price point, such as the Swagger and the Rogue, opened engaging stores that were beacons for the brand, created unexpected and feminine ready-to-wear for our runway shows, and used our digital channels primarily as marketing vehicles. And our efforts worked. We successfully combated the prior perception of sameness and ubiquity and built fashion credibility, supporting a lengthy period of positive comps. The next period, which we can call Coach 2.0, focused on commercial appeal and broadening our marketing to include Gen-Zs and millennials. We distorted our offering in the sweet spot of the price pyramid with Parker and Charlie, bringing footwear in-house and sharpening our focus on select commercial ready-to-wear items. We started to use social and digital more fully, but still led with the store-first mentality. Now while we consider the results of these initiatives a success, they have in many ways limited us, because at certain times, we have placed too much focus on the customer we wanted and not enough on who our customer actually is and what we as a brand stand for. With that recognition, we are ready to reignite the accessible luxury segment by evolving our message from one rooted in high fashion imagery to one that is inclusive, culturally relevant and consumer-centric. Going forward, we will focus on authentic communications that are grounded in our values and embodied the courageous spirit of New York City. Simply put, we're targeting the consumer who loves and appreciates Coach for who we are and what we stand for. At the Coach brand, this overarching strategy requires us to adapt a consumer-centric approach, combining instinct and data-driven insights. When we have looked at the greatest areas of opportunity to implement the strategy, we see four key pillars for the work ahead; product creation, infusing purpose into the brand, driving omni and digital sales and recruitment; and finally, accelerating growth in China. And across each of these initiatives, we will remain focused on supporting growth in both revenue and profitability. First, our new approach will prioritize creating compelling product to meet the needs and exceed the expectations of our target consumers by geography and segment, and across fashion, function, price, quality and our proprietary brand codes. While we've talked about this in the past, the key difference today is we are embedding our consumer insight work into the product creation process rather than simply hindsight. Our design briefs will combine the creativity that you have come to expect from Coach, with clarity by styles to the customer segment by geography, age demographic and usage occasions. We are also rightsizing our assortment across channels. Over the last five months, we have taken a dramatically more critical lens to the SKU proliferation and inventory churn. For this upcoming holiday season, we shrunk our SKU count by approximately 50%. We believe that this reduction is key to greater productivity and clearer brand messaging to the consumer. Our customers are responding to our master styles like Tabby, and we will continue to offer extension to the successful collections. For this upcoming holiday, we're excited to announce that we have partnered with our global ambassador, Jennifer Lopez, on a Coach J. Lo designed handbag. This beautiful bag at $495 will be the must have gift for this holiday season. Additionally, for the first time in my over 12 years at Coach, we are now managing to tighter inventory turn goals while maintaining gross margins. I have made inventory turn a key performance indicator for the team, holding all of us accountable for this metric. Second, infusing purpose into the brand. Over the past few months, we have done the work to articulate our brand purpose and attributes. We know that consumers today emotionally connect with brand that share their values and they are buying and supporting brands that resonate with them for that reason. Therefore, the concept of excavation is key. We want to create relationships on the basis of authenticity. So, we are extracting what is latent and real. Based on our most recent North America Brand Tracking Survey, Coach's brand momentum remains at an all-time high. Of course, we must build on the historic key attributes of fashion, function, price, and quality. Furthermore, we will clearly articulate a brand purpose and promise to engage a younger consumer, stay relevant, and accelerate growth. In our upcoming fall and holiday marketing campaign, we are highlighting our global brand ambassadors in candid multigenerational moments focusing on enduring themes of togetherness, timelessness, and family in the many ways family is defined. We believe these images and themes will resonate with today's consumers. Third, we are expanding our digital and omnichannel capabilities and services to drive sales, and importantly, new customer recruitment, while evolving the role of the store to ensure an exceptional and seamless experience everywhere the customer chooses to shop. It is about meeting with, engaging and empowering the consumer and connecting with their values. We understand that many shopping journeys start online even if they end in a store. COVID-19 has served to accelerate the consumer shift to digital that was already happening. Over time, it is clear that online will gain increasing parity with brick-and-mortar. In retail e-commerce channels, we will be making significant investment in the digital and omnichannel experience globally, while fueling aspirational brand relevance and building loyalty through co-creation. We recently launched made-to-order CitySole on coach.com, allowing our customers to design one of a kind sneakers, featuring a new innovative 3D and augmented reality experience. While in the value channel, we've rethought our online outlet, focusing on the inherent value proposition of our product rather than primarily on price promotion. We are also investing in marketing to drive customer acquisition. In late April, we commenced this new approach in North America with coachoutlet.com. Since that time, we have acquired nearly 600,000 new customers across our digital channel. Of these new customers, half were Gen Z and millennials. This is a strong example that our strategy and our product resonate with the younger consumer. Our next step is to offer special membership benefit to our online outlet loyalists starting this fall. Concurrent with our focus on digital, we are rethinking the role of the store with a test and learn mindset, including new store formats and smaller square footage locations, such as station buildings in Japan. As Joanne had mentioned, we are focused on maximizing fleet profitability. Stores are commercial ventures. They are not marketing exercises, and they will be held globally to higher profitability status. This may result in-store closures over our planning horizon if our profitability requirements through productivity increases or significant rent reductions are not met.  Fourth, we are accelerating growth in China through payloads and optimized assortments, including products specifically for the Chinese consumer, enhanced marketing and expanded reach across direct channels and third-party online distribution. Since we began working with Tmall about a year ago, we have experienced tremendous results on their luxury pavilion. More recently, we were the first to partner with them on their luxury SOHO platform, focused on the younger, brand savvy consumer. And we were the number one handbag brand on the platform in the month of June. The potential for the Coach brand in China, given the rapidly growing middle class who will likely focus their spend domestically is vast. Finally, driving enhanced profitability is critical. We will accomplish this through a continued AUR improvement and higher gross margins with more focused assortments to improve productivity. In fact, in the fourth quarter, our global handbag AUR rose over 25%. In addition by rightsizing our SG&A cost structure and store fleet, we will achieve operation excellence. So while Coach's results have been strong and largely consistent with our expectations, we believe that we have an opportunity now to unlock accelerated growth in the years ahead, both on the top and bottom line, and once again grow market share. And now I will turn it over to Liz to discuss Kate Spade. Liz?
Liz Fraser: Thanks, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I'm so excited to be here with you today and just speak about Kate Spade. I've been with the brand for 5 months and the work we've done has been highly clarifying. Kate Spade is a brand unlike any other. We are known for joy, optimism and color. We have a loyal and passionate following that is emotionally connected to us and inspired by the Kate Spade brand story. Over the past few years, our focus was on expanding the brand by attracting a different consumer, which in turn caused us to move away from our brand DNA and core customer. Our efforts were geared toward the consumer we wanted to have, and we weren't getting it right with the ones we did have. The good news is that, she still loves our brand and what we stand for. As we look to address our past missteps, our go-forward strategy is rooted in consumer centricity and on more fully delivering on our brand promise. We've learned that we are best when we adjust ourselves. The foundation of our strategy is to refocus on the core of our brand. The successful execution of our priorities, which I will take you through in detail, will allow the brand to capture market share and drive both top and bottom line growth. This multiyear growth agenda includes 4 strategic pillars. Each of which will support our ambition to capture market share and improve profitability. First, we will crystallize the brand's purpose and return it to a position of strength. We will do this by leaning into the fundamental elements of the brand that we know our customers value. Specifically, our brand is joyful, optimistic. It's feminine, colorful and bold. It's clever and welcoming. These tried and true brand attributes that we are known for will be amplified through our unique and best-in-class storytelling. Second, we are instilling a laser focus on our consumers across all touch points and fostering a community of women who are emotionally connected to and inspired by the brand's story and values. We know who our customer is, chief stylish and drawn to color and playfulness, she uses fashion to express her optimistic and carefree spirit, but at the same time, she's practical. Our data insights team will be crucial to developing a deeper knowledge and better insight into our key customers. To become truly consumer-centric, we will bring these insights to all decisions being made at the brand across product, marketing and customer experience. In fact, over the past few months, by simply refocusing our communications to our core consumers, we've seen a significant increase in our social engagement. We've reengaged hard with the brand that she knows and loves. We've seen a 20% to 25% year-on-year increase in engagement on Instagram just in the past few months. Third, we're focused on reenergizing and growing leather goods, by reintroducing our non-negotiable brand elements, rebuilding the core offering and capitalizing on a new signature platform. We're incorporating brand essential and proprietary elements that our customers love: clear colors, happy prints and novelty. We know that our novelty offering not only drives traffic, but it has an outsized impact on brand perception. It resonates with our most loyal and highest value customers. The novelty penetration in North America increased consistently across all our channels throughout the year, up from 4% in FY 2019 to 7% in Q4 FY 2020. Starting with the with the Spring 21 collection, we will refocus our offering to capture market share and improve profitability. We're using product hierarchies, differentiating our assortment between core fashion and novelty, to create a much stronger collection architecture. Our core offer will be stronger, and our assortment size will be reduced by 30% to 40%, so we will have a much higher SKU productivity. This will allow us to be focused on global hero products and tell a clearer brand story. We've also just launched a signature platform with the Spade Flower, and initial reads have been really strong. We will maximize it by making a pillar -- make it a pillar of the brand and animate it with seasonal colors, prints and novelty offerings. Outside of handbags, we are taking a much more streamlined view of ready-to-wear. Rather than creating a PR halo, we're pivoting to a commercial offering, with an optimized fit and pricing that speaks to our core customers. Fourth, we're leaning into our digital strength by modernizing and creating engaging brand experiences across all of our digital platforms to fully unleash the power of the Kate Spade community and brand. As we've discussed, the global pandemic has acted as a catalyst to accelerate the shift to digital. At Kate Spade, our digital penetration was already strong and ahead of the market, as our customer skews younger and is therefore more digitally native. We are continuing to build upon this strength by meeting all consumers where they want to shop. In fact, in the fourth quarter, we attracted over 350,000 new customers to the brand in our digital channels in North America, an increase of over 100% from the prior year. Additionally, we reactivated nearly 140,000 lapsed customers as compared to last year. Overall, nearly 20% of all digital customers made two or more purchases for the quarter. From a marketing channel perspective, it's also very encouraging to see growth from organic channels, especially for our full-price site. This fall, we are upgrading our North American website with a revamped aesthetic, a best-in-class video streaming capability and a dramatically improved site performance. However, our focus is not simply transactional. In an increasingly digital world, we need to deploy our website and other digital platforms to create an emotional, immersive, and engaging brand experience. We need to cultivate our Kate Spade community. Consumers want authentic engagement and we are focused on developing meaningful relationships to play a more active role in the consumer's life, specifically through content development. While we accelerate digital growth, our store fleet will continue to be an important part of our long-term omnichannel strategy. In an effort to maximize productivity and profitability though, we will evaluate our footprint. We are focusing on markets where we already have high awareness and engagement, notably in North America and Japan. Once we build momentum in these regions, we will explore additional international opportunities, including China. Across all of these initiatives, we are focused on capturing market share and improving our profitability. We're confident that we will continue to acquire, reengage, and retain customers as we execute on these priorities, driving profitable growth. As a part of this, we will leverage our multi-category lifestyle portfolio to drive purchase frequency and build customer lifetime value. For example, our ready-to-wear and footwear customers have the highest repeat rates and lifetime value. In addition, jewelry is a true extension of the Kate Spade lifestyle at a lower price point, which makes it perfect for recruitment and cross-selling. Lastly, we're focusing our assortments and optimizing our store fleet to increase the brand's productivity. In closing, I am incredibly optimistic about the long-term potential for Kate Spade. We have a brand that has a universal language of joy, optimism, and color. Our customers have historically been deeply connected to our brand emotionally. If we embed this language in our product, our marketing, and our customer experience, we are more confident than ever that we can delight our existing customers and attract new ones. With that, I will turn it over to Giorgio and thank you.
Giorgio Sarne: Thanks, Liz and good morning everyone. For nearly 35 years, Stuart Weitzman has empowered women to feel confident, stylish, and sophisticated through its unmatched combination of fit, comfort, and quality. However, over the past several years, we have lost touch with our core values and brand esthetic. Compounded by execution issues, this resulted in significant pressure to our revenue and profitability. Despite these challenges, our customers have remained loyal to the brand. Looking ahead, our long-term strategy centers on one principle, focus; focus on the customer, focus on tightening the product offering, and focus on the most important geographic and channel opportunities. We have identified five key strategic initiatives, which I will talk to in detail. First, we are renewing the brand's reputation for fit, comfort, and quality, listening and responding to our customers' needs to design beautiful and on-trend shoes which complement a lifestyle and [Indiscernible] shoes. We are infusing consumer-centricity and a data-driven across our brand and business. To do so, we are rolling out to new regions to listen to our customers, putting them at the heart of our decision-making processes. In North America, we serviced 1,200 of our customers, and our Head of Design, Edmundo Castillo, had one-on-one styling sessions overseas. We will make bold moves to anticipate and respond to market trends. For example, we are acting quickly to address the casualization shift happening in happening in the marketplace with comfort and quality. We will soon be launching our new Liz Family, one of the top booked new groups from the recent Spring 21 markets. This exciting new family creates a more casual end-use for key styles and builds on our strength in boots, booties and sandals in a new and innovative ways. In addition, one of our newest styles, the Margarita, an on-trend, high-quality spatter was extremely well received selling out in a matter of weeks. Second, we will grow key categories while clarifying and simplifying the product offering. In boots and booties will regain market leadership through design innovation around our icon styles, such as the 50/50. In sandals, we'll be expanding on our strength by updating our new Liz family and launching new casual inspired key items at compelling price points. At the same times, we are reducing SKUs in order to drive clear seasonal messaging while anchoring the assortment with proven winning styles. In turn, we believe this will grow our gross margin while reducing promotional activity as we maintain our position as the gateway to luxury. Third, we expect to restore profitability by focusing distribution on those market and channels of greatest opportunity, building on the existing brand momentum. We believe this will be an important driver of improving operating results. Notably, we are targeting outsized growth in our highly profitable China business. We have seasonal captions, local ambassadors, selective new distribution and a strong digital expansion. That also means boldly exiting from unprofitable doors and international direct markets. We will rationalize the North America retail fleet, reducing the number of doors in FY 2021, while closing all direct locations in Europe, Japan, Australia and Malaysia. Fourth, we are strengthening our relationship with wholesale partners by providing relevant products and faster and more consistent execution. First and foremost, we intend to achieve consistent on-time deliveries to reestablish our relationship. It is more important than ever to increase our agility to allow for longer selling times and opportunities for drop ship. Importantly, the reaction to the Pristine Spring T1 collection has been positive across all global markets due to the well-balanced offering between casual, daily and occasion styles. We have seen increased investments in newness, with clients in particular responding to our casual product executed with Stuart Weitzman. Fifth and finally, we'll establish our robust digital presence to support best-in-class multimedia content and better assortment. We are investing in omni-channel efforts, utilizing the website to offer extended size options, while embedding greater personalization throughout the customer journey. We are rolling out a new platform to update our site technology, which will allow us to create a more personalized and frictionless customer experience. We are also leveraging our store associates to support customer care and help with live chat. E-commerce remains an important recruitment channel for Stuart Weitzman, and we saw new customer share in the U.S. increase plus 9% in the fourth quarter. I have had the good fortune of having been at the company for seven years, while leading Stuart Weitzman for almost six months. I'm very passionate about the brand and the Stuart Weitzman customer. And I'm optimistic about the future. Through our strategic initiatives, I'm confident we'll return to profitable growth. Now, I will turn it over to Andrea.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks, Giorgio, and good morning, everyone. I hope this finds you all safe and well. Before I begin, please keep in mind that my comments are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results and the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. As Joanne mentioned, our fourth quarter results exceeded our internal expectations from a top and bottom line perspective, as we continue to take decisive actions to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. Total sales declined 53% on a reported basis and 52% in constant currency. We achieved sequential improvement throughout the quarter, supported by phased store reopenings in key regions, notably North America, Europe and Japan, while we drove a return to positive growth in Mainland China in May. June was the best performing month of Q4, and we exited the quarter with revenue down approximately 30%. Importantly, with the vast majority of stores opened as we entered the new fiscal year, we drove further material progress in July. Our digital sales rose at a triple-digit rate in the quarter, with strong growth in every month, as we successfully recruited new consumers into our brands at an accelerated pace, while continuing to serve our existing customers who are increasingly omni-channel. This is a key element of our go-forward strategy, and we are pleased with the current momentum we're achieving in our e-commerce businesses. Gross margin expanded 370 basis points compared to the prior year in the fourth quarter, driven by lower levels of promotion, as well as the benefit of geographic mix, given the higher penetration of international businesses. Gross margins increased at each of Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman in the fourth quarter, and we will lean into this opportunity in the year ahead, with a keen focus on raising AURs and maintaining pricing discipline across brands. SG&A declined 27% year-over-year, driven by variable savings on the lower revenue base, including the cancellation of the company's annual incentive plan for FY 2020 as well as the realization of fixed cost savings. I will touch on additional SG&A actions underway in a moment. The operating loss for the quarter totaled $70 million and earnings per diluted share was a loss of $0.25. The non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 22.3% compared to 16.4% in the prior year. As you saw today in our press release, we took a number of charges in the quarter, in part related to the COVID-19 crisis. The primary charges were as follows on a pre-tax basis: first, $117 million in-store impairment charges as a result of a decline in both current and future expected cash flows exacerbated by COVID-19; second, $87 million in charges under our acceleration program, these costs were primarily due to organizational related charges driven by severance, as outlined in our Q3 earnings release, as well as store closure costs, inventory reserves and accelerated depreciation.  We expect to incur an additional $100 million to $115 million in charges in fiscal '21 associated with this plan. Turning to a discussion of our balance sheet and cash flows, we successfully implemented several mitigating actions that enhanced our financial flexibility and liquidity, while positioning the company for long-term growth. We ended the quarter in a strong position with $1.4 billion in cash and equivalents. Total borrowings outstanding at the end of the quarter were $2.3 billion, including the $700 million we drew down on our $900 million revolver. Total inventory ended the quarter down 5%, which was significantly favorable to our expectations due to our better than anticipated revenue results. As previously announced, we moved swiftly to reflow our late spring and early summer product introductions. We also reduced and canceled future receipts where appropriate. We continue to expect these actions to preserve over $500 million of cash through lower inventory purchases through the end of FY '21, of which approximately $135 million was realized in FY '20. In addition, our ending inventory balance also reflected the incremental obsolescence reserves taken primarily in the third quarter in light of the environment. While the backdrop remains uncertain, we believe our inventories are well positioned entering FY '21. As Todd mentioned, as an organization, we are managing to tighter inventory turn goals while maintaining gross margins. CapEx for the quarter was $33 million, representing a decline of over 60% versus prior year as we took prudent steps to delay and cancel new store openings. This brought CapEx down to $205 million for the year as compared to our most recent guidance of guidance of $225 million and our normalized run rate spend of approximately $275 million. Moving forward, we will continue to prioritize investments in high-return projects, notably in digital, while tightly controlling overall spend and reducing our outlay for new stores. As a result, we expect CapEx to be in the area of $150 million for FY '21, representing a decline of approximately $125 million compared to our normal annualized spend and in line with our previously announced target. Free cash flow for the year was approximately $200 million, well ahead of our most recent expectations and a standout achievement that underscores the resilience and effective management of our brands and business as we have continued to successfully navigate this global pandemic. Now touching on our capital allocation priorities, in the near term, our priority is to preserve our cash on-hand in light of the environment. Longer term, our strategic intent is to return to sustainable top and bottom line growth in strong free cash flow generation which we intend to utilize for debt pay-down beginning with our revolver, as well as capital return to shareholders. Turning to our outlook, as noted in our release, we're not providing specific guidance for the fiscal year at this time due to lack of visibility. However, assuming a continuation of the slow and steady recovery from the pandemic, we project revenues to be roughly even with the prior year for the full year fiscal 2021 on a 52-week basis. This includes the expectation for a sales inflection in the second half while the topline in the first half will remain pressured. That said, we are laser-focused on controlling the controllables in FY 2021 in order to create a strong foundation for profitable expansion over our planning horizon. Importantly, we currently expect it to be a year of efficiency-led profit growth. This includes taking deliberate actions to lower promotional activity and increase AURs across brands, driving gross margin expansion. We are also taking further steps to aggressively control our SG&A spend. As previously announced, in light of the environment, we are reducing fixed costs, such as rent and driving procurement savings, including curtailing external third-party services. We're also decreasing corporate costs through temporary compensation reductions for our Board, our management team, and employees. And more importantly, we are also continuing to implement structural changes as part of our Acceleration Program, which are designed to create a scalable, agile framework. These actions include a 20% reduction in the company's global corporate headcount expense on a run rate basis, while changing the way we work to create a culture of empowerment and entrepreneurship. In addition, we are assessing our global store fleet and holding individual doors to a higher production -- higher productivity threshold, which is expected to result in store closures in FY 2021. We estimate that we will realize approximately $300 million in gross run rate expense savings from these initiatives, including approximately $200 million in FY 2021 alone. Overall, we believe our ability to drive gross margin increases and reductions in SG&A will be the initial indicators of progress along our multiyear growth journey, with traction already underway as evidenced by our strong fourth quarter results. Looking ahead, we are creating a virtuous cycle or flywheel that should, as revenues, inflect drive bottom-line growth well in excess of topline gains. More specifically, we expect to drive profit growth in each of FY 2021, FY 2022, and FY 2023. In closing, we're committed to strengthening our brands and organization by focusing, first and foremost, on the consumer, leveraging digital and data more fully, and transforming into a leaner and more responsive organization. Importantly, our view of the long-term opportunities for our brands is unchanged and our strategic intent to drive organic growth and profitability is unwavering. Further and as Joanne mentioned, we are confident that together, benefiting from Tapestry's enabling platform, our brands can achieve greater size and share than they could on their own. We look forward to keeping you posted on our progress as we move forward. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim.
Bob Drbul: Good morning. Thanks for the information. I guess, just two quick questions. The first one really, what gives you the confidence in the multi-brand platform in this environment and your brands specifically? And I guess, no disrespect intended, but would you be better off with your brands being separate individually? Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Good morning, Bob. We believe in the benefits of our multi-brand model. And we're confident we have the right strategy to drive accelerated growth and profitability for Tapestry as well as in each of our brands. Now we have three powerful brands, and we see Tapestry as the enabling platform to help those brands do what they can't do alone, in important ways, really four important, I think, key ways. The first is really through consumer insights. We have consumer insights across brands and across regions, and we provide the brands with tools and consumer knowledge to unlock value. We also have a globally diversified supply chain, which has always been a competitive advantage for our company, and we're now evolving that to make it even more responsive. And third, we have a technology infrastructure and digital capabilities that our brands can leverage to engage consumers, and I think we saw in the fourth quarter how powerful that platform can be for our brands. And finally, the access to global talent that we have across brands is a real competitive advantage. I think our Q4 performance is a real proof point, illustrating the power of that platform.
Bob Drbul: Great. Thank you very much, Joanne.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks Bob.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder please for the interest of time, limit yourself to one question. Our next question will come from the line of Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hi, good morning everyone. My question is on the top line recovery. It sounds like the North America recovery has been fairly linear based on the comments on July, but anything to call out just -- if that is accurate? And then if there's anything to call out outlet tourist location versus enclosed mall assuming that version? And then along those lines, on the back half, you're trying to get -- you're talking about getting back to growth. But when you guys are modeling out, or putting out your expectations for store volumes, are you assuming that those store volumes are back to fiscal 2019 levels in the back half or are you assuming that it's a little bit more gradual? Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Sure, Ike.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Go ahead, Andrea.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: No, no. If you want to take it, Joanne. I was just going to say, as we look at the year and as we talked about, our expectation is for slow, steady recovery over the year with a significant inflection in the second half of the year. We have seen that as we've gone through and reopened stores on a phased opening so far. And as we look at the year and look at the revenue rebound, we've seen it slow and steady. We saw it first in China and as we reopened here in North America, we've seen that slow and steady rebound. Stores continue to be pressured on the traffic side, but where we've seen this astronomical growth has really been on the digital side, which, as you know, I think, is much more profitable for us than the bricks and mortar. But I know that Joanne wanted to hop in here too. So please do, Joanne.
Joanne Crevoiserat: I think you covered it well. We have seen a slow and steady recovery in North America, and your question was specific to North America. We were pleased to see the China market, as Andrea mentioned, return to positive comps in the quarter, a positive inflection in the quarter. And as Andrea mentioned, we're engaging our consumers in the way they want to engage with us. And increasingly, in today's environment, it is through digital. So, again, we've seen a slow, steady improvement in our store business. But, importantly, we're engaging very fully through our digital channels with our consumers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thanks. Good morning. My question for you is on the 1 million new customers that came through in the fourth quarter on digital platforms, can you contextualize this for us a bit? What is the run rate or what was the run rate in prior quarters? Maybe what brands are consumers coming in from? And what product categories are attracting these new consumers to the brand? Thank you so much.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Erinn. And I think the story may be slightly differently in terms of -- different in terms of product categories for each brand, so I'll let the brand CEOs chime in. But we are excited about the traction we're seeing in new customer growth and the demographic of that new customer, particularly in some of our brands, and the engagement we're seeing both with new customers and also with lapsed customers. And, I think, the drivers we see behind that are really, really clarifying and doubling down behind our key brand equities and our brand purpose, and some of the changes that we've made to really embed analytics and be more agile in our marketing and our approach to engaging these consumers. So, really, really encouraged by the traction we saw in Q4 and look forward to more to come, but I'll pass it over to the brand CEOs. Maybe, Liz, starting with you.
Liz Fraser: Sure. Thanks. Yes. We at Kate saw an enormous increase in new customers digitally. I think it was over 350,000 new to the brand through the digital channel. It was predominantly driven by our tried and true products, our leather goods. But there were some bright spots in things that perhaps are very COVID-related. We sold pajamas like crazy, for example, in a lot of our home products. But we really feel that it's mostly because we have dialed down on our brand story, our equities. We're fun, we're optimistic, we're happy. And at this time, we feel like that's exactly what everybody needs to buy.
Todd Kahn: Yes. On behalf of Coach, we couldn't be more excited. I mean we saw over 600,000 new customers come into the brand as one could expect, it is primarily handbags. But what's really interesting and engaging is we're seeing a younger customer coming to the brand. And as we indicated, 50% of the 600,000 are Gen Z or Millennials. And that really bodes well for what we're doing, and we're excited about them, and we're now focused on increasing that number, but increasing purchase intent with that group, because its one of the things you know the most valuable customers are not just getting them and being one-and-done. But continuing them on the journey and making them lifelong customers. And we're really focused on that, and we're seeing early days, but very encouraging repeat purchase intent.
Giorgio Sarne: Yeah. Let me say a few words about Stuart Weitzman. What we have seen is very encouraging, because we have seen a strong interest -- a continuous interest for our iconic styles. And also, we have seen a strong interest for our iconic styles where we have infused, I would say, a touch of casual – casual -- casualization is becoming a big trend and we are adopting very quickly to this new trend. I'm very pleased to see what the teams are preparing for the next season. As I also mentioned, the – we saw an unbelievable performance of our very elevated foundry in Margarita with this beautiful red color that sold out in a matter of weeks. So it's very encouraging.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alexandra Walvis of Goldman Sachs.
Alexandra Walvis: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. You mentioned the opportunity for gross margins across the brand. I wonder if we could dig into that a little bit more. This historically delivered very strong gross margins at Coach and reasonably high gross margins elsewhere. Can you talk about how high those can go and what the key drivers are across brands? I think the AUR story is a big piece of that.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. The AUR story is definitely a piece of the gross margin expansion. And we're incredibly excited about the traction we're seeing to the work we're doing. And it's a combination of getting closer to our consumer and leveraging data and analytics to make our assortments even sharper, stepping away from discounts and really driving more relevance in our product. And I think there's a theme across all our brands and how we're doing that. But again, I'll turn it over to the brand CEOs to let them speak to how that's coming to life in each of their brands. Todd, do you want to start?
Todd Kahn: Sure. And you hit on it. I mean, we ended the quarter and really pleased with the 73.6% gross margin we delivered for Coach. COVID has presented us an opportunity to be very focused and really reduce the promotionality and the discounting that you've seen and we're encouraged by that. And so we've really shifted the conversation, both digitally, but also in stores to one of value instead of promotionality. And I see that trend continuing. Our inventories are in really good shape. And so we're not – we don't have that outsized pressure that perhaps others do in terms of discounting. So I see a trend continuing through the year.
Liz Fraser: I can jump a bit in on the Kate piece. We have a big opportunity to raise our AURs and we've already begun partially by reducing our promotionality. But as we go forward, we're building a collection that's really based on a strong core, one where we can really create pure products and iconic products that people will pay for. And we need to really have a good, better, best strategy so that we do have the opening price points so that we can go all the way up. We've got a best-selling bag right now that's a pineapple and it's $348 and she's happy to pay for that because it makes her happy. So really it's drilling into how to create the strong hero products and that's going to help to our AUR significantly.
Giorgio Sarne: And for us at Stuart Weitzman, it's again a very important product, so we are really working on touching the product offering and then also focusing on the most important geographic and channel opportunities. So, we -- when we look at the products and the iconic styles we have, we can leverage these ties even more, but with a renovated point of view, we can reduce the SKU count. We are reducing the SKU count in order to drive clear seasonal messages. And then this, in turn, will grow our gross margin while reducing the promotional activity, maintaining our positioning at the gateway to luxury.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: And if I could just tie this all -- if I can just all tie this all up, Alex, what I would like to say is that, obviously, we had 370 basis points in this last quarter. And while we wouldn't necessarily expect that going forward, I would like to note that we did that with very low wholesale exposure, and we did this with 90% direct business model. We did it on the back of lower promotional activity, higher AURs. And when we look at this going forward, we do think we have a lot of growth left not only through the lower AURs and the lower -- the higher AURs and the lower promotional activity. But do keep in mind that as we move towards digital -- and I think this does set us apart from some of our other peers out there, as we grow digital, and digital went to a mid-teens percentage of our business this quarter -- excuse me, this fiscal year versus only 10% last year, it is a higher channel of profitability than the relevant store whether it's outlet.com versus Outlet or our e-commerce retail businesses versus retail. As that increases in penetration, that will also be a tailwind to gross margin. So, we're not looking for another 370 basis points in FY 2021, but we do believe that will continue to be a tailwind and gross margin does have significant upside for all our brands and Tapestry as a whole.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And at the risk of piling on, I do think there's one more important point that I want to call out. As we deliver value for our consumers and get even closer to our consumers in each brand, we're doing that with a balance -- what we like to call, a balance of magic and logic. So, we're understanding how to tailor our assortments, to be more relevant to the consumer, but there's a creativity element in delivering value for our consumers. And it means maybe something different in each brand, but the closer we get to our consumer and the more we understand and deliver against that value proposition, the more the consumer is willing to pay for the value we deliver. And as I think about that in Coach, it has been and it is about driving cultural relevance. The team has done a great job through collaborations and design aesthetic to deliver that cultural relevance. And Kate, you heard Liz talked about novelty as one of the aspects of real brand signature and the creativity that is driving consumers to want to spend $395 for a pineapple bag, bringing them a little bit of joy in their life. And in Stuart Weitzman, just said that real creativity behind casual, that is an emerging trend, but doing it in a Stuart Weitzman way with the Stuart Weitzman aesthetic, and with the signature comfort and fit that the brand is known for. So, it's when those elements come together that we really see traction with the consumer, and that's what drives our gross margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen.
Oliver Chen: Hi, thank you. Regarding outlet and your journey going forward in the outlet, how are you going to balance fashion credibility relative to what you're doing in outlet? And what are some of the guardrails you're thinking of? And should outlet become a much bigger percentage of total as you broadcast directly to this consumer? I would also love your thoughts on SKU rationalization, just trying to ensure that you're rationalizing the right products in the past. There's risk factors around rationalizing the wrong products relative to what customers want? Thanks a lot.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yeah. Let me start with the outlet question. I think the way we're thinking about it, Oliver, is really how do we deliver for our consumers. And we have consumers in that space, a really broad market of consumers who we're meeting and delivering the right value, the right product and the right experience for those consumers. And we're meeting those consumers more and more where they are. That includes digital channels. We're making the right adjustments to our stores in an increasingly omni-channel world, so that we are -- our focus is 100% on delivering for our consumers no matter where they choose to shop with us. And in terms of SKU rationalization, I think the brands -- as we've done the work to get more focus behind our key brand equities and knowing our consumers, we're also getting more focused in our assortments and presenting actually much more clear stories for our consumers. It's helping us deliver a more clear message. It's helping us with execution all the way down through our supply chain, and even as we bring it to life on our digital channels and in our stores. But again, I'd love for the brand CEOs to chime in on the SKUs.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. It's an interesting question that when I feel that we've gotten for a very, very long time on outlet, first and foremost, we have a fashionable customer in outlet. And they love fashion, and they love it whether it's in brick-and-mortar or whether it's online. And we must and we will continue to innovate product across all of our channels. All of our channels are important. So we believe in brick-and-mortar full price. We believe in coach.com as a full price digital channel, as well as the coachoutlet.com channel and as well as the brick-and-mortar outlet mindset. Regarding SKU proliferation, when you really take a look at it, and we've done a lot of the work here, is what we're cutting out of the tail? We're cutting out the least relevant, the least productive SKUs, and really focusing and allowing us to have greater clarity of message, going further with the winners and really getting that focus. And you've seen it. You've seen it with Tabby. You've seen it in our history where we have great product. It resonates across geographies. And it -- having that higher productivity by SKU allows us to keep these families alive longer. And that's really important, particularly in the world we live in today. So we're excited about the productivity that we're seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Just a quick follow-up and then a bigger picture question. Just on the follow-up. Andrea, I think you mentioned June sales down 30% and then you said material progress in July in your prepared remarks. And I just want to clarify that given you also said expectations for a gradual recovery earlier -- early this year. So maybe if you could just speak any more specifically on the quarter-to-date sales trends by brand that would be helpful? And then just a bigger picture question on Coach, so pre-pandemic, Coach was a $4.3 billion brand, generating 27% operating margins. Just with respect to Todd's comments about your work, showing that the brand has potential for significant growth and margin expansion. Is there any way you can frame up the revenue and margin potential here, bigger picture? And does the increased focus on digital affect the long-term margin increased focus on digital affect the long-term margin structure, especially if we approach parity there over time? Thanks.
Andrea Resnick: Sure, Mark. So I'll start with – we exited the quarter at 30% loss for sales, and so as I said, it improved over the quarter. And we exited the quarter or exited June at a down 30% and made substantial improvement in – or meaningful improvement in July on a quarter-to-date basis with stores continuing to improve and digital continuing to be strong. Beyond that, I'm not going to get any more specific. Obviously, we have the remainder of the quarter ahead of us. And September last year, remember, we benefited specifically in Japan from the pull forward of volume due to the consumer tax increase coming in October. So we do expect July -- excuse me, Q1 to be – show continued sequential improvement with stores continuing to be pressured in traffic, although I will tell you that we've seen Mainland China continue to be strong and as I said, improvement everywhere else. But we would expect still to be fairly negative in Q1 and then continuing to move more positively as we go through the remainder of the year but not to see positive results until we get into Q2 in terms of a sales inflection. So we have been pleased, but bricks-and-mortar continue to be pressured in terms of traffic. In terms of the opportunity for Coach, I can turn that over to Todd to speak specifically on the opportunity long-term for the brand. Todd?
Todd Kahn: Yes. Thank you, Andrea. And I think you I think you were talking about the inflection taking place in the second half, not in the half, not in the second quarter.
Andrea Resnick: In the second half, sorry, yes, I think I misspoke and said second quarter, second half. Thank you very much, Todd.
Todd Kahn: It's very rare in my history to ever be able to correct Andrea Resnick so...
Andrea Resnick: On the number?
Todd Kahn: On anything. But one of the issues is, it's hard to have full visibility given the world we live in today. We know though we feel very good about the profitability of the digital channel. And we see that growing. We have expectations to still grow the brick-and-mortar. So we're not going to completely abandon that and just see all of our growth come from digital. We think we can have tremendously outsized growth in digital. Also, we're very, very excited about what continues to be the opportunities in China. And the opportunities in China are both digital and brick-and-mortar. So we see that growth really outstripping some of our prior growth. And so again, not to get too ahead of our SKUs, but we're excited about the opportunity ahead of us. And as soon as you can tell me when the world returns to normal, I can tell you exactly when we'll see that massive inflection.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And I'll just add to that. Mark, through all brands, we're focused on the digital business and for an inflection in top and bottom line growth, as the environment and backdrop recovers, we're positioning our company to be able to take advantage of that. And as Andrea pointed out, our digital margins are ahead of our margins in brick-and-mortar. We do see that as an accretive strategy for us. But, again, our focus is on meeting the consumer where they are and responding and being available with the right experience and ensuring that we can drive further profitability moving forward. And we have confidence that strategy helps us unlock that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jamie Merriman of Bernstein.
Jamie Merriman: Thanks very much. Just with respect to your digital growth ambitions and the shift to really being much more data-focused, can you just talk a little bit about how you're able to leverage your existing customer file, or are there investments that you need to make in terms of being able to really tap into that data-driven decision-making process still ahead? Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Sure. I can kick that off. And then maybe the – a couple of the brands can provide some anecdotes. But we're well positioned to take advantage of the shift to digital. We have a pretty robust technology infrastructure and digital capabilities globally, but we are continuing to invest in that space, particularly with our customer file being able to add tools that allow us to better utilize and better use the information that we do have. So those investments we are making this year and we expect to continue to make them going forward, but a few anecdotes in terms of our ability to leverage that and drive both digital growth as well as profitability. I'll start with the traction we're seeing in new customer acquisition and some of the changes that we've made in our marketing process. We have embedded data and analytics more fully into our marketing operations and enabled those teams to really drive a test and learn mindset and test a lot of new things, I think, we’ve managed our 50 tests in the fourth quarter alone through that platform, and we're learning a lot. It's interesting, because this test and learn platform allows us to learn new information really that we didn't have before about how our customers respond. And some of those things work, some of them don't. We learn fast, which is part of the agility. We're learning fast, and we're scaling the wins. And we saw, again, a lot of traction in the fourth quarter behind that. Really pleased with the new customer acquisition and the engagement of lapsed customers. So we are seeing traction there. And then as it relates to being data-driven, I talked a little bit in my prepared remarks about some of the assortment analytics we're using to determine the right assortments at a door level, again, unlocking more productivity out of our assortments, more productivity in our stores. And that's really a key enabler to driving AUR growth and gross margin. And I don't know, Liz, if you want to talk about some of the traction you've had on the marketing side with the Kate brand, but some real traction there as well.
Liz Fraser: Yeah. Thanks, Joanne. I mean, absolutely, the platform that we have from the Tapestry data labs, as well as all the work that we're doing, with the test and learn on our marketing cost has been a key driver in us getting all the new customers that we have gotten. And we match that with kind of our – tweaking our marketing to be much more about the customer that we have, really dialing up the tone of fun and happy and joyful everything that you associate Kate Spade with, has shown actually remarkable and immediate response in terms of driving our business up. This for us is a key lever. We really think that we're well on our way to becoming the $2 billion brand we want to be. And because digital is also much – a much higher profit margin, we can be much more profitable. So this is a key, key, key lever for us. We're super, super excited about what we've already started. Todd, do you want to add anything?
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Liz. One of the things that I think has always been so great about Coach and what attracted me a long time ago, I think, we were really best-in-class in using data, and you heard Joanne mention it before. This was part of the magic-logic combination. I think now what is so exciting is, we're not just using it for hind-sighting. We're really using it to be predictive, both predictive in our business, but also being predictive and using it as a tool for helping even inform our designs and our merchandising briefs. So that is really exciting. And what we're able to do under the Tapestry umbrella and using all of the resources there is exciting. Sometimes, people think that Coach doesn't always benefit from all of that, but we actually do. And we're using that quite a lot. So I think you're going to see us be much, much more data-driven. But, again, we're always going to balance that, and it's not going to overshadow creativity because we need both, but we have the opportunity to do both really, really well.
Giorgio Sarne: And, again, leveraging the Tapestry powerful database and the tools we have, I have to say, what we are seeing as Stuart Weitzman is that, we are understanding more of the customer journey, the needs they have, where they want to buy. And what is interesting is that we are really now utilizing the website and the data to offer specific sizes, extended sizes and embedding greater personalization throughout all the journey. So it's very exciting to see what we are seeing and we'll leverage even more this powerful tool.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thanks. Good morning. Stabilizing sales at a higher margin would be a big positive for free cash flow. Can you talk about plans for the capital structure? And any change to your thinking under the new plan?
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Sure. Sorry about that, Lorraine. I was on mute there. Yes. When we look at capital allocation, obviously, what our priority is right now is, first and foremost, on preserving cash and financial flexibility to navigate the current environment. As you know, we made the decision to suspend our quarterly dividend and our share repurchase, and that's going to save us about $700 million on an annualized basis compared to 2020. Our intent is, as you noted, to return to sustainable top and bottom-line growth and strong free cash flow generation, which we first intend to use for debt paydown. As you know, we've taken out $700 million on our $900 million revolver. We do expect to start paying that down in fiscal year 2021. Longer term, we're going to -- we'll certainly look at shareholder returns as part of our priorities for cash, returning both cash -- excuse me, both dividend and share repurchase. But we're going to be prudent before reinstating those. And we have to consider near-term liquidity needs of the business and we have to look at credit metrics. We understand what it means to be investment-grade and it is important to us. So, we have to balance those things as we look going forward, and obviously, keeping an eye on the macro environment and the pandemic.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one final question. Our final question will come from the line of Paul Trussell of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Trussell: Well, good morning and thank you for squeezing me in. I appreciate all the color that has been provided. My question will be just a little bit more color on your efficiency-led profit growth plan. Maybe just speak in even more detail on how we should think about the contributors to the $300 million gross run rate savings and maybe more specifically, how to think about the timing of the $200 million that's projected in fiscal 2021. And somewhat related to that, just maybe speak a little bit more around your view of the current store fleet? And what could transpire from a closing standpoint over time, especially just given your kind of higher level of store profitability standards that you're focused on. Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: I'll let Joanne and Todd start with the store fleet, and then I can come in on the $300 million and where that's coming from, if that's okay.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Thank you, Andrea. As we think about our management of the business, particularly moving through this year, it is what we're calling efficiency-led profit growth. We are monitoring very closely the environment and driving and have more agility in the organization to respond to demand changes as we see them. But really focused on gross margin expansion through the opportunities that we talked about, being closer to our consumers, embedding data in our decisions, some of the SKU rationalization, driving that gross margin expansion. And then the operating expense and SG&A management, it's very tight. But I think importantly, we're positioning the company for long-term growth and to be in a position to accelerate growth and take market share when the economy recovers. So, not only do we see efficiency-led profit growth this year, but we're positioned to be able to accelerate the topline and drive margin expansion -- significant margin expansion as we return to growth. As it relates to our store fleet, we believe that in the physical presence and touch point of our stores, but we know that the role of the store is changing. And our focus is really on delivering a great experience for our consumers regardless of how they engage with our brands, whether that be through a physical or a digital touch point. And as Todd mentioned, we have raised the profitability thresholds and standards on our fleet. And we expect to drive more profitability, but also an improved experience for what we see as an increasingly omni-channel consumer. I can send it to Todd for a little bit more color on how that -- those negotiations are going.
Todd Kahn: Yeah. I mean you -- Joanne hit most of the high points. Again, I think we're going to see over time changes. We believe very much in the brick-and-mortar channel. We, obviously, will let the consumer decide. I don't think there's a formula in terms of exact mix. It is not formulaic. We think, over time, you'll see us try new things. In Japan, we did station stores, much smaller square footage for the Coach brand, but profitable. So I think how the stores look, how they interact with the customer, how they participate in the omni journey of a customer will change over time. And our landlords globally many have been very responsive to being a good partner for us dealing with COVID. We're still working with some domestically. And I am hopeful that there’ll be a recognition that we are in this together and it is about having great brands in their malls like Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: And I think, Paul, when you're looking at the structural contributors to the $300 million, we did outline some of them on the call, including the 20% reduction in our global headcount expense, includes the associated expense savings with closing some of our stores, which is going to be both fixed rent, and depreciation and amortization, of course, as well as pulling back on third-party outlays. We did reduce marketing. We don't expect to reduce it further, but we're going to hold it on that lower level this year from where we took it to in FY 2020. So those are a number of the contributors to the lower level of expense. The $200 million, we are not giving specific guidance on how it's going to flow through this year. But, obviously, you saw it hit 4Q, and we'll still have that coming through as we go through this fiscal year, we would expect substantial SG&A dollar decreases in each quarter. And I think Christina, do we -- are we ending it here and returning to Joanne for some closings?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Andrea. Thank you, Andrea. And I want to thank all of you for joining the call this morning and spending a little extra time with us. I'm pleased that the brand CEOs were able to join me today to provide more details on the work happening in each of our brands. I'm confident in our strategy and the opportunities for Tapestry and each of our brands to accelerate top and bottom line growth moving forward. But importantly, behind all of the numbers are our people. We're operating in unprecedented times, and I appreciate the continued passion and focus of our global teams, especially those in our stores and DCs who are providing exceptional service for our customers every day. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-04-30 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Tapestry Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Andrea Resnick, Global Head of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications.
Andrea Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Jide Zeitlin, Tapestry’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors that could impact our future performance and results. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information, as well as the related reconciliations on our website www.tapestry.com/investors and then viewing the earnings release and the presentation slides posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Jide will provide a recap of our fiscal third quarter results for Tapestry, as well as the current update on our global business in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. Joanne will continue with high level financial and operational results for the quarter in addition to the mitigating actions we are taking and our priorities going forward.  Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, Tapestry’s President and Chief Administrative Officer, who is serving in an Interim Role as Chief Commercial Officer of the Coach brand while the search for permanent CEO is underway. Following Q&A, we will conclude with some brief summary remarks. I’d now like to turn it over to Jide Zeitlin, Tapestry’s Chairman and CEO.
Jide Zeitlin: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea and thank you everyone for joining our call. I hope this is first and the last earnings call I’ll be taking from my home office in Brooklyn. Sadly all of us are living through a true 100 year storm. No one is exempt from the daily realities of COVID-19. Our thanks go out to courageous individuals on the front-line of the fight against this pandemic. Our hearts are with those affected by it ravages. This crisis has profoundly impacted the way we live our lives and manage our business. This morning, we reported our fiscal third quarter results. These are the first adjusted quarterly earnings loss in our nearly 20 years as a public company. We entered the calendar year with a strong underlying momentum, most notably with the Coach brand. As the novel coronavirus expanded across the globe, our results maturely weakened. Initially, we hope the pandemics damage would be limited to one country or a region, especially as Mainland China and South Korea again recovering. By mid-March results deteriorated in North America, Europe, and numerous countries across Asia Pacific.  We never before experienced a time when 90% of our store fleet was either closed or have -shortened operating hours. It’s clear that the crisis will have an impact last thing beyond a quarter or two. We’re taking steps to mitigate the impact on a business that requires sales growth to leverage brick-and-mortar store expenses. As we look ahead we’re focusing our efforts on four key areas: Protecting the health and well-being of our people, our consumers, and our communities; driving digital revenue, and revenue in China and South Korea, while preparing for store reopening; accelerating key elements of our multi-year growth agenda; and preserving liquidity and enhancing financial flexibility, which Joanne will take you through shortly. First, guided by our values, we have prioritized our community, our people, their families, and our customers. Nearly three months ago, we acted swiftly to close stores in Mainland China. We reopened where it was safe to do so. We’ve continued to provide pay and benefits to our retail associates, while moving our corporate staff to our remote working environment, initially in China, today in North America, and Europe. While our distribution centers remained operational, we’ve instituted enhanced health and safety precautions, and we’re supporting our local communities through philanthropic donations from our brand foundations and specific initiatives around PPE. I am incredibly proud of our teams around the world and want to express my gratitude for the spirit and dedication they show every day. Second, here are the actions we’ve taken to drive revenues and reopen stores. We’ve seen green and are confident we will weather the storm and emerge strong. During our last earnings call, I noted that the vast majority of or Mainland China stores were closed. By mid-March, 95% of our stores on the Mainland were open although traffic lagged year ago levels.  Over the last six weeks, we’ve opened all remaining stores and we’ve seen brick-and-mortar sales build led by retail. We’ve also seen significant disparities within the country, impacted in-part by domestic travel restrictions. Unlike some of our European counter parts, the preponderance of our sales to the Chinese consumer globally have historically occurred in China. While are sales are encouraging, we’re not experiencing outsized domestic growth driven by the repatriation of tourist spending. In addition to these dynamics in China, revenues in South Korea are recovering. All our stores in South Korea are operating under normal hours. We learned important lessons from our Chinese business, which are informing our actions globally as we start to turn the lights back on in Europe, North America, and the rest of the world. We’re reopening stores based on federal, state, province or municipal requirements in the different countries where we operate. We’re making these decisions carefully on a location by location basis. Our reopening play book is focused on protecting the health and safety of our consumers and associates, including the cleaning of stores and fitting rooms, signage that highlights social distancing requirements, the enforcements of maximum customer densities, the use of masks and gloves where appropriate, offering sanitizers and wipes at cash warps, and availability of contactless payment and other measures. In accordance to these guidelines, I’m pleased to announce that tomorrow we will reopen approximately 40 stores in North America with only contactless curbside or store front pick up service. Customers will have the ability to place orders over the phone and for some retail stores online as well and have orders brought to them curbside or at the store front depending on mall configurations. We plan to offer this service in additional stores in the future. As of today, we’ve reopened five locations in Germany and Austria, as well as a dozen in Australia. Moving from brick-and-mortar to digital, not surprisingly ecommerce was a bright spot this quarter and we leaned into it. We shifted our marketing investment and focus to strengthen our presence in consumer channels where our consumer shops today. Responding digitally is particularly important in a world where the majority of our physical stores are closed. Roughly 10% of Tapestry’s pre-COVID sales were generated online. Leaning into digital as this secular trend accelerates is a significant opportunity and a critical element of our customer centric growth agenda. Our global distribution centers are operating with little interruption. This is key to servicing increasing ecommerce demand. We had no material China related supply chain issues. We manufacture limited product in China and have a geographically diversified manufacturing and sourcing base. Subsequent to quarter-end there were more disruptions across Asia and Europe. However, we successfully worked with our raw material and service providers to actively balance changing levels of supply and demand.  We are pleased that most of our partners in Europe have reopened, including tanneries in Italy, and footwear makers in Spain. Our distribution and logistics operations, including shipping, trucking, and airfreight are in good order. Importantly, we’re acting decisively to fast track work already underway prior to the onset of COVID-19 work focused on driving outsized growth in digital and creating a more streamlined and data driven organization. We do not know how long this pandemic will impact us, but the world will be different on the other side. Consumer behaviors are changing and secular trends are accelerating. As mentioned earlier, one of the most important consumer trends is digital with increasing online consumer exploration, engagement and purchasing. We’re advancing our understanding of consumer’s digital experiences to respond to their needs and desires. We must be better able to meet consumers where they are travelling. The shift form brick-and-mortar to digital shopping is accelerating. [Physical stores] will always play a vital role in a consumers experience with our brands, but we expect their share versus digital will move towards greater parody. Growth in digital represents the consumer expressing when they prefer to the shop and we have to acknowledge this shift. For example, this means extending our partnership with Tmall in China. This also means carefully scrutinizing our distribution network as stores reopen and traffic levels normalize and what could be lower post COVIDIAN brick-and-mortar levels. Successful business models for the future will make substantial investments in enabling platforms. We are also reimaging our operating model and culture. Being rigorous about leveraging data proactively to make foreign decisions is critical. Listening to the consumer is job one. Before turning to Joanne, I’ll briefly describe strategies specific to each of our brands. Starting with Coach, our focus is on three areas. Digital engagement, accelerating growth in China, and operational excellence achieved through rightsizing our SG&A cost structure and improved balance sheet management. Digital, which as we have discussed, is more than a shopping platform. It’s about meeting with, engaging, and empowering the consumer and connecting with their values. China represents Coach’s largest geographic growth opportunity. Chinese customers are proving resilience in their continued appetite for fashion and luxury. Our strong brand momentum and positioning will enable us to benefit from the rapid growth of the Chinese middle class. Already highly digitally engaged, Chinese consumers have increased their digital interaction with Coach through official social media sites, as well as by engaging store associates on social media platforms such as WeChat. Coach conducted hundreds of live stream sessions that proved an important way to drive business. Finally, we are focused on improving operational efficiencies in both the near and long-term. First, we are assessing our global store fleet and holding individual stores to a higher productivity threshold. Second, we’re materially reducing our SKU assortment with the objective of significantly improving supply chain efficiencies and inventory turns.  Third, we’re substantially reducing our corporate payroll, while maintaining best-in-class brand experience and service levels. At Kate Spade, [indiscernible] is fully engaged in every aspect of the business with the mission to reconnect with the core culture and unique spirit of the brand, she is focused on brand strategy and customer centricity. On the product level, the important role of color and novelty remains central, while the teamwork to redefine the balance and healthy tension between playfulness and pragmatism, two of the brand's defining values. The team is also putting great emphasis on community and customer. Understanding the consumer more thoroughly in order to better serve and engage her. As a result, in recent weeks, the effectiveness of digital marketing has driven major increases in the e-commerce business, as well as in social media engagement. And those stores largely remained closed, the team is finding new approaches, some retail customers have personally reached out and so the brand has begun testing Zoom shopping parties with notable success.  Turning to Stuart Weitzman. While we are disappointed in the brand's recent performance and the related impairment charge, we remain confident in the brand's long-term potential and our focus on returning it to sustainable profitable growth. Our teams led by Giorgio Sarné are executing a number of key initiatives, including: first, creating a focused assortment that features the brand's fashion sensibility, and leadership position in the boot, espadrille, and sandal categories. As an example, we just recently launched our new espadrille family, [indiscernible] platforms the brand and a node to our Spanish ties. We are pleased with the early online performance. Second, driving growth in China through strategic store openings and marketing investment.  And third, expanding the brand's digital capabilities, examples include buy online and pick up in-store at key omni-channel functionality, and innovative browsing experience to increase discovery and conversion and more efficient customer segmenting and targeting capabilities that will enable us to increase customer personalization. In summary, no one is immune to the effects of this 100 year storm. We’re taking aggressive actions to show that Tapestry emerges a strong company when conditions normalize. We have a strong balance sheet, we benefit from a multichannel international distribution model, our exposure to wholesale is modest, and our supply chain is diversified. Most importantly, we have powerful brands with deep consumer connections, and a long history of successfully navigating global challenges and macroeconomic shocks. With that, let’s turn to Joanne for a brief financial review of the quarter and the actions we’ve taken to mitigate the impact of the COVID-19 crisis. Joanne?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks Jide and good morning everyone. I hope this finds you all safe and well. Before I begin, please keep in mind that my comments are based on non-GAAP results, corresponding GAAP results and the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today.  Turning to our third quarter financial results, which reflects a significant negative impact of the coronavirus. Total sales declined 19% on both a reported and constant currency basis for the quarter. We entered the quarter with strong momentum, however as we moved into February, trends in greater China deteriorated sharply due to the coronavirus outbreak declining over 80% versus prior year for the month, while top line trends elsewhere remains positive. To this end, on a quarter-to-date basis through February total sales increased double digits in Europe, mid-single digits in North America, and low single digits in Japan. In March, although revenue trends begin to gradually and steadily improve in certain areas first impacted, notably in China, we experienced widespread global disruption. Accordingly, Tapestry's global sales fell over 40% in March from the prior reflecting the added pressure from store closures in North America and Europe, which began mid-month. Importantly, throughout the quarter, we experienced strong double-digit growth in our global e-commerce business. However, this was not enough to offset the loss of business due to our store closures. Gross margin decreased 210 basis points, compared to prior year in the third quarter, primarily due to the lower penetration of higher margin international businesses. SG&A declined 3% year-over-year driven by variable savings on a lower revenue base, as well as the realization of fixed cost savings in light of the current environment. I will touch on some of these actions momentarily. The operating loss for the quarter totaled $32 million and earnings per diluted share was a loss of $0.27. The EPS result included a negative impact of approximately $0.10 from an unfavorable tax rate as compared to our original projections. Due to the lack of visibility and potential variability in results through the end of our fiscal year, the Q3 tax rate was determined based on year-to-date actual results only, which included geographic mix headwinds in the quarter. This is in contrast to our historical method of calculation based on full annual forecasted results. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter on a strong liquidity position with just under $900 million in cash and cash equivalents and $900 million available on our revolver. Total borrowings outstanding at the end of the quarter were $1.6 billion. Total inventory ended the quarter up 5%, reflecting actions taken in the quarter and the recognition of incremental obsolescence reserves in light of the current environment. As you saw today in our press release, we took a number of charges in the quarter in-part related to the COVID-19 crisis. First, we recorded $478 million in brand intangible and goodwill impairment charges associated with Stuart Weitzman. These charges were a result of the decline in both current and future expected cash flows, which was exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. Clearly, we’ve been disappointed with the brand's performance and recognize the need to get back to its core proposition as Jide mentioned. We have done a substantial amount of work to understand the consumer and believe there is a significant opportunity given its unique fusion of fashion and fit.  We’re also committed to improving profitability at Stuart Weitzman, which will be an element of Tapestry’s multi-year growth agenda. In addition, as mentioned we recorded $104 million in charges related to an increase in inventory reserves and we incurred $66 million in store impairment charges due to COVID-19. Now, moving to mitigating actions that we have and will be taking to effectively navigate the COVID-19 pandemic and reinforce our financial flexibility, while positioning the company for long-term growth. We’ve identified or implemented over $1.3 billion in cash preservation actions. First, we are tightly managing inventories by reflowing late spring and early summer product introductions. These are goods that were in production at the start of the coronavirus outbreak. We are also cancelling deliveries scheduled for late summer and early fall 2020. Taken together, these actions are expected to result in over $500 million of working capital savings beginning in Q4, and continuing through the first half of fiscal year 2021. We are also targeting a CapEx reduction of at least $100 million in fiscal 2021, as compared to our run rate spend of approximately $275 million as we delay or cancel new store openings while prioritizing investment in high return projects notably in digital. In addition, we have cancelled or deferred projects previously scheduled for our fiscal fourth quarter and now expect CapEx of approximately $225 million for fiscal year 2020, $75 million lower than our original plan for the year. Subsequent to quarter-end, we drew down $700 million of our $900 million revolving credit facility to enhance our cash balances, bringing our total borrowings outstanding to $2.3 billion. In addition to these measures, we are also aggressively controlling our SG&A expense. We are rightsizing marketing expenses, reducing fixed costs such as rent and driving procurement savings, including reducing external third party services. We’ve also announced steps to minimize corporate cost, including temporary compensation reductions for our board, management team, and employees. And while we are pleased that we were in a position to extend salary and benefits to the vast majority of our North America retail team through May 30, despite store closures, we will furlough most assistance from managers and sales associates should stores not reopen at that time. Beyond these near-term defensive actions we’ve also accelerated part of our multi-year growth agenda to create a more streamlined organization as Jide previously mentioned. We began these actions in Q4 and expect to be complete by the end of fiscal year 2021. We believe these steps will allow Tapestry to emerge as a global consumer centric company with a more agile organizational structure that will be more responsive to the rapidly changing retail environment. And finally, we made the decision to suspend our quarterly cash dividend and share repurchase programs saving approximately $700 million on an annualized basis as compared to fiscal 2020. In the near-term, our priority is to preserve our cash on hand in light of the environment. Longer-term, our strategic intent is to return to sustainable top and bottom-line growth and strong free cash flow generation, which we intend to utilize for debt pay down, as well as capital return to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In closing, as noted in our release, while we are not providing guidance at this time due to the lack of visibility, we do still intend to hold an Analyst and Investor Day this summer to discuss our long-term strategies. We believe in the benefits of Tapestry to multi-brand model and the power of each of our brands. This is particularly true during challenging times when the advantages of scale, as well as shared best practices and systems [come to bear]. Our objective is to successfully navigate this crisis through the identification and execution of mitigating actions and ensure we emerge a stronger more agile company. This will require us to make both old and difficult decisions. It has also created the opportunity and the need to accelerate key elements of our multi-year growth agenda. Importantly, our view of the long-term opportunities for our brands is unchanged and our strategic intent to drive organic growth and profitability is unwavering. And now, I’d like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Bob Drbul: Hi, good morning.
Jide Zeitlin: Good morning, Bob.
Bob Drbul: I guess, two questions. I think the first one is just more category. Do you think the market for handbags and accessories, you know will be disproportionately impacted in the economic downturn, do you think consumers are going to be shopping for handbags. Can you talk about that may be generally, and then I think the second part of it would be, can you just talk about your confidence level in maybe Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, can these brands weather this storm that we’re in right now? Thanks very much.
Jide Zeitlin: Absolutely. Thank you, Bob and I hope you are well also. With respect to the category, we’re confident in terms of our ability to both weather the storm, but as importantly to come out the other end strong. If you look at kind of previous downturns, whether those are macroeconomic or whether those are natural disasters around the world and our experience coming out of those periods, we’ve seen continued strong demand for our product and have no reason to believe that this will be any different, particularly when we look at the real world experience we are getting in parallel today, we clearly have seen what is happening to our business in China and in South Korea, and we – on an everyday basis globally are seeing the demand for our product digitally. And so, there’s nothing we’ve seen that would suggest to us that we’re not going to come out of this period with genuine, authentic real demand for our products. With respect to your question on Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, I guess the way I think about it is, that it is actually one in times such as this that the power of well-capitalized portfolio company is most evident. Smaller brands in our, you know, world, that's Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, benefit from having greater leverage with landlords and supply chain partners and from having a stronger balance sheet. At the same time, you know, larger brands, in our case, Coach, benefit from, you know, innovation that we see at Kate and at Stewart that has – that migrates across the brands and there are a couple of great examples of that which perhaps we'll get into later in the call.  But, you know, I – you know fundamentally, to – you know come back to each of Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman have got unique brand propositions that have deep emotional connections to their customers, and, you know, one of the benefits of a lot of the work that we've done over the last, you know, eight or so months is that, you know, our brand work has shown significant opportunities for both these brands, particularly at Kate Spade, you know, where if there's ever a moment in terms of what consumer behavior is, is and is evolving and where we believe it's going to evolve coming through, you know, this COVID-19 period where there's a, you know, a brand that connects with where – you know connects with where our consumer behavior is going. The Kate Spade core culture and unique spirit is tailor made for that. And then, particularly, as we continue to reposition the important role of color and novelty in that brand as we continue to work with the balance, you know, between playfulness and pragmatism at that brand, you know, we think that there is – it’s real upside there. And so, we're – you know we believe it's deeply in Kate Spade and Kate Spade coming through in this period as ever. And Stuart Weitzman, differently but similarly, you know it's clearly a unique brand. It's got that balance as we've talked about between fashion sensibility with the remarkable fit. We're taking, as I mentioned or alluded to in my opening comments, very disciplined steps to narrow its assortment to focus much more clearly on boots, on espadrilles and on sandals and to focus geographically very, you know, very much on China, North America and digitally from a channel perspective. Stuart Weitzman is going to be a survivor and particularly in a category that's quite fragmented where others who are smaller and who don't have the benefit of being on a broader platform are not going to survive. And so, we think that there – you know that there's going to be a real market share opportunity for Stuart Weitzman. And then, I guess, lastly, I’d just say that with – I couldn't be more pleased, our executive committee couldn't be more pleased with Liz and Giorgio, you know, who have hit the ground running and are having a huge impact in each of their businesses and it's as odd as it may sound to say, you know, this moment has really proven catalytic for them and for their leadership and parenthetically, as well as for the broader leadership team across Tapestry.  So, you know, long way to say that, you know, we – you don't want to go through a period such as this, but having gone through it as we all continue to go through it, we feel very confident about both Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. So, thank you again, Bob.
Bob Drbul: Thank you. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hi.
Jide Zeitlin: Hello, Ike. How are you?
Ike Boruchow : Hi, Jide. Hope everyone is hanging in there? So, I actually have two, but they're very quick, just the comment Joanne I think you gave for March was global sales, down [40%], I believe. I understand visibility is really, really low right now, but you could help us out with April just on how global sales have trended, and then, just very quickly, follow-up on the cost side. I understand the pandemic hit late quarter, it was very sudden, so you could really adjust the cost structure for 3Q, but can you maybe give us some color on OpEx expectations for 4Q, maybe just to help give us some perspective on what all these initiatives you’re talking about on the cost side should mean to the P&L just anything would be helpful as we're trying to think about, you know, [flow through rates]? Thanks so much.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, Ike, thanks for your question. You know, we have seen, as we move through March, more widespread store closures with the spread of the pandemic globally, which contributed to the March results and given lack of visibility to store re-openings and traffic trends and consumer behavior post [the team], it's really hard, as you can imagine difficult to provide guidance, and to give you a false sense of precision or give us a false sense of precision on that number, we have seen, with the stores reopening in China, very nice steady progress in terms of those traffic trends and consumer demand coming back into the market.  As we think about Q4, while we're not providing guidance, I guess, I could provide some data points as you think about how Q4 can shape up. In Q3, as we noted, our sales were down about $260 million versus last year and that was only with 2.5 weeks of store closures in North America and Europe during the quarter.  So, its extrapolating from that data point and given the widespread global closures and expected slower pace of recovery, we expect the Q4 impact could be three to four times those levels, and, you know, just to make a fulsome, you know, as we think about gross margin, as you saw in Q3, gross margin was lower, impacted by mix and the margin mix was impacted by the lower relative penetration of the high margin international businesses, particularly China in the third quarter. As we move into the fourth quarter, the lower relative penetration of North America could benefit gross margin. And then, to your question on SG&A, as we're taking very aggressive and significant actions to reduce spending, you know, not as much of that impacted Q3 based on timing. We do expect more to impact Q4 and we've – you know we've talked about a number of those actions, mitigating actions that we're taking. However, those actions won't be enough to offset the topline declines, so we would still expect significant deleverage on the lower sales in Q4. So that's how we're thinking about or how you can think about our Q4, how that's shaping up. Overall, we are planning conservatively and taking aggressive actions to drive mitigating actions and position us to not only weather the storm, but come out stronger at the end.
Ike Boruchow: Thanks Joanne. It’s very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler.
Erinn Murphy: Great, thanks. Good morning and I hope you all are well. My question is around inventory. I was hoping if you could speak to where do you see, at least over the next four quarters, inventory potentially peaking? And then, if you think about the planned promotional activity, can you just talk about some of your strategies around liquidating products, and then particularly, with an outlet? I'm just curious if you're rethinking maybe at least the near-term how you think about [made for] product versus using it as a vehicle more so to liquidate full price products? Thank you so much.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes. Inventory is another area that we aggressively [actioned] as we moved into the crisis. We're addressing the supply to align with unfolding trends in demand. You know, we took action, very strong action, and reflowed – we’re reflowing the late spring and early summer production. These were goods that were in production at the beginning of the crisis and we've canceled all of our late summer, early fall deliveries, which allows us -- our inventory is less seasonal by nature and it provides us with tremendous flexibility to reflow our product as we see demand change across the next few quarters.  So by reflowing product and canceling on the back-end, we're able to save over $500 million in working capital. Our product is also globally shippable, so it allows us to move the product around to where we're seeing demand and recent examples, in our case to date, both China and digital are places where we're seeing demand growing. So, we're able to move inventory into those channels. We feel good about our position with inventory, and as we think about and manage where we see demand matching supply, the teams are working very quickly to move inventory through our network. At this point, we’d not expect significant changes in the product availability by channel, and with our reflowing, we do expect to flow newness and have newness dropping in over the course of the next few quarters. As we look out, we – as you know, we just reported inventory at the close of Q3, we're up 5%. We would expect, as we close, our fiscal year and Q4 inventories to be up in this mid-single digit range based on the actions that we've taken. And then, as we move through our fiscal year 2021, we continue to have a strong focus on inventory management and would expect to end our fiscal year 2021 with inventories down year-over-year. So this is a very strong focus within the organization. I would say, the teams are laser focused on this and we're monitoring it very closely as we watch the demand trends change.
Erinn Murphy: That's helpful. And then anything on the thoughts around outlet, are you changing kind of how you're thinking about the near term there in terms of liquidation strategies?
Joanne Crevoiserat: No. You know I would say, you know, we're leaning into the areas where we see demand, but don't expect a significant need to liquidate full-price product through outlet to a much larger degree than we have in the past. One thing we are monitoring is the promotional activity and the outlook across the industry. We have seen an intensification in the promo environment in North America and Europe, particularly as retailers are moving through excess inventory, but again, we remain focused on the controllables and the aggressive actions that we've taken to manage our inventory, put us in a better position as – in the months ahead, so we expect that we'll be able to continue to drive – meet demand with the right supply by channel between outlet and retail, and also to manage through the promotional environment with a healthy inventory position.
Erinn Murphy: Very helpful. Thank you all.
Jide Zeitlin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alexandra Walvis of Goldman Sachs.
Alexandra Walvis: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question here. Firstly, a quick follow-up to Erinn’s question, you know, how are you guys thinking about balancing the need for cash preservation as a result of these order cancellations with also the considerations around relationships with your manufacturers, and you know, making sure that those are preserved for the long term? And then, I had a second question on rent, you mentioned that you were looking at rent reductions. I wonder if you could comment more broadly on how you're thinking about how the fleet might emerge from this versus where it was before. Thank you. 
Jide Zeitlin: Absolutely. So perhaps, Todd, you may want to start on the rent and on the fleet, and then, I'll pick up on that piece.
Todd Kahn: Great, thank you. Good morning. As you look at the fleet, one of the things we're recognizing more and more is the omni-channel nature of our consumer, she shops online, she shops in our stores, and there – and she shops in both locations. We are going to – in the upcoming year and through our [LRP period], we're going to be holding ourselves to a much higher level of profitability in the fleet itself. So, when we look out in the future, the criteria to renew a lease or and/or to build a new store is going to be quite high and if it doesn't meet our criteria, we will exit the store. One of the things we've seen recently is as stores close, if a store closes in a catchment area, we end up transferring about 20% of the volume to an existing store. So that's a very positive outcome. In terms of the immediacy of our rent negotiations and we are actually having – we're engaged in constructive dialogue with all of our major landlords in the U.S. We have had very good dialogue and resolutions in Asia in the past when the coronavirus hit Asia, and in fact, there was rent accommodations made, and we anticipate achieving some rent reductions in North America through this period.
Todd Kahn: Great. And Alex, with respect to the SPs, you know, I would – I know you know – you know we began as a manufacturer, right, with a factory on 34th Street and I think that gives us a real sensibility in terms of understanding the SPs on top of what is a really strong supply chain team that we have that engages with them every day. And so, you know, we have tried to be very thoughtful in our engagement with them as we cut them for deliveries in finding that right balance between clearly protecting our balance sheet, managing our inventory and cash levels and making sure that we did it in a way that our SPs can manage. And so, you know, Joanne has talked about the financing facility that we put into place for the benefit of our SPs. And so, we tried to take steps such at that and others to make sure that they're able to weather this storm so that we have a robust, you know, ecosystem of suppliers coming out the other end, but at the same time, recognizing clearly, you know, we've got to be strong; we’ve got to come through it well to be in a position to benefit from that on the other end.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning. Thank you. A question on the stores, just with respect to reopening plans, can you talk about any notable differences between retail and outlet? And as curbside pickup becomes a bigger picture in retail models, I’m wondering that changes the way you think about digital within the outlet business? And then, broadly on the stores, with respect to the changes in the retail workforce, beyond the near-term furloughs and actions related to COVID, how do you envision the store operating model changing? Thanks.
Jide Zeitlin: Thanks. That's quite a mouthful. Do you want to – why don't you opt in and then I'll add.
Todd Kahn: Thank you. In terms of the curbsides concept, we are actually testing starting tomorrow in about 40 locations in North America, both across full price and outlet stores and looking at how the consumer responds to that. We're optimistic, but again, it still won't fully replicate the experience that particularly the Coach, Kate Spade and all of our brands give in terms of the service level. So, it will be hard to fully mitigate the sales through a curbside experience.  In terms of outlet, we are putting in and we have very significant and well detailed protocols in opening all of our stores. So, we'll obviously be following the regional state government guidelines on safety, but in addition to that, we’re going to be doing things in North America like temperature checks for all our employees when they start – when they begin their work day. There will be significant protocols on cleaning. There'll be enforcement of social distancing. So there will be for some period of time, a new normal in that and our workforce is typically, particularly in our larger stores, flexible. So it will respond to the needs of the customer and if the volume isn't there, we’ll obviously pivot to a smaller workforce in those stores.
Jide Zeitlin: And the one thing I would add just on the broader theme of reopening is, you know, clearly as we reopen, you know, location-by-location, you know, we do so, you know, into a world where the shift from brick-and-mortar, you know, to digital shopping is clearly accelerating. It’s been, you know, accelerated. It's a secular trend, but, you know, COVID-19 has clearly accelerated that trend. And as such, you know, the line between, you know, physical and digital worlds is increasingly and will increasingly be blurred. That's that, you know, stores will always play a vital role for us and our consumers experience with our brand. And so, even though we think that, you know, the world will move to a place where there's greater parity between brick-and-mortar and digital, and you know, this is not a short-term phenomenon, you know, we continue clearly to be very, very, you know, invested in our brick-and-mortar stores.
Mark Altschwager: Thank you.
Jide Zeitlin: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jamie Merriman of Bernstein. 
Jamie Merriman: Thanks very much. Just a quick one on China, Joanne, I think you mentioned that China was down about 80% in February and then it’s picked up since then. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of what you've seen from traffic levels maybe in March just so that we can understand what that progression has looked like as things have started to reopen? And then, just on the supply chain disruptions, it sounds like those were maybe primarily in Europe, but I was wondering if you could give a little bit more detail? And then, you know, was that disruption isolated than in a particular brand like Stuart Weitzman? Or was it more widespread? Thanks.
Joanne Crevoiserat : Yes, I’ll – on the China business, it's – you know we've been pleased that all of our stores on Mainland China are now open. And to your point, we have seen very nice and very steady improvement in the business through March and also through April. So, the business is responding. In fact, in some locations, we have seen positive comps, you know, more in locations that are not impacted by domestic tourists, business where those have been lagging a little bit more based on just travel restrictions within the country, but overall, I’m pleased with the progress we are seeing in China and the steady improvement. Your question, I apologize, I lost the second part of your question.
Jamie Merriman: It was about supply chain disruptions that you talked about, were they specific to a particular brand? Or…
Joanne Crevoiserat: So – yes, thank you. The supply chain disruptions that we saw were very minimal and not material, particularly in China as we've migrated most of our finished goods production away from China for many years. So, as disruptions were progressing through the country, we were much less impacted. So from a supply chain standpoint, you know, our business was less effective.  As the pandemic spread through Europe and other parts of the globe, we were impacted with raw material suppliers in Italy and some finished goods production in Spain, particularly with Stuart Weitzman. However, those facilities are back online. So again, overall, from a supply chain perspective, our diversified sourcing base has worked well for us and we have been much less impacted from a supply standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. Just wanted to follow-up on some of the questions around the outlet business, is there a plan to develop more of a presence online to address the post COVID shift toward e-commerce?
Jide Zeitlin: Short answer is yes. Todd, do you want to add a little more?
Todd Kahn: Yes, that is definitively the short answer. The more fulsome answer is that we recognize that just like our retail customer, the outlet customer is an omni-channel customer and I'll speak specifically to coachoutlet.com. It is a robust channel that we are using, we're learning and that customer, particularly a millennial younger customer is going to embrace and is shopping.
Lorraine Hutchinson : Thank you.
Todd Kahn: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen.
Oliver Chen: Hi, good morning.
Todd Kahn: Hello, Oliver. How are you?
Oliver Chen: Very good. Thank you, thank you. The China momentum has been encouraging, but that market has had a coordinated shut down as well as reopening. What are your thoughts on the key lessons there in terms of what may be applicable to the U.S. and some of the difficulty in the U.S. as different areas are opening at different times? I would love your thoughts on what that may mean and what you're considering, as well as some things you mentioned on the call including live streaming and using Zoom, how you see retail evolving with new opportunities to pursue at home engagement? And then, Joanne, on the debt covenant, was just curious about how we should think about that four times covenant as we approach next quarter and what's on your mind for managing that? Thank you.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Oliver. Why don't I start, Joanne, and then have you pick up, but on China, you know, we – you know I often smile, you know, because we've got a great benefit clearly of being global and being direct to consumer. And so, in some ways, you know, every day for us is Groundhog's Day. You know, we get to see something play out in China and we get to learn from it and think about what implications that may have for us and the rest of the world and, you know, to adapt our businesses globally. So, you know, there are aspects of China that are certainly idiosyncratic to China and, you know, we listen very carefully and we try to understand that. But I would say though, that when we look across other regions of our business, we think we believe that there are – that there's also a lot that is relevant in the China experience. So, you know, for example, you know, South Korea, you know, which has a different policy framework than China does, has gone through a curve that is actually not that dissimilar to China and that in many ways gives us some confidence in terms of as we think about what reopening may look like in the West.  And, you know, even – you know and as we look at our digital business in the West and we look at some of the underlying consumer behaviors, that would also suggest that there is, you know, real consumer demand coming through this period and that that again, is not totally idiosyncratic to one region or one political system. The, you know, other comment I'd make to your – you know, WeChat, you know, and live streaming and at-home is that – you know that is – that's part of the comment I made a moment ago about blurring of the line between physical and digital and increasingly as we think about a real omni-channel world where we see, you know, great opportunity going forward. And, you know, I loved what happened within our system and this speaks to the power of the portfolio because the live streaming actually began at Stuart Weitzman in China. Our Coach team in China watched that, saw the potential, not just potential, the actual impact it was having in terms of driving business. So, they ended up in, you know, taking it and reinterpreting it for Coach to real success. And then, independently, all the way across the – you know the Pacific, we had different teams in California, in other parts of the U.S. and in North Carolina [at] Kate Spade who took, you know, the Zoom and brought people into their – literally, store associates bringing people into their personal closets and saw that it both created real brand heat, created real connectivity and then it translated into, you know, very strong digital results at Kate Spade. So, you know, we do think – we don't view these as kind of accurate data points. We believe that they're part of a secular trend and, you know, are working, you know, extraordinarily hard to make sure we learn the most from it.
Joanne Crevoiserat: And Oliver, I'll jump in on the other questions regarding our credit facility, and I'll start by saying, you know, our priority right now is to protect our liquidity through this crisis and we entered the crisis really at the beginning of the calendar year in a very strong liquidity position and we ended the third quarter with just under $900 million in cash and cash equivalents on hand.  As we entered the fourth quarter, we did draw $700 million of our $900 million revolver really to further bolster our cash balances and have the flexibility and liquidity. You know our covenant is an adjusted debt-to-EBITDA covenant and we are closely monitoring our leverage and in close communications with our credit facility banks on any adjustments we need as we move forward for, you know, a short period of time to see it through the crisis.
Oliver Chen: That's great. Thank you. Best regards. Thank you both.
Todd Kahn: Thank you, Oliver.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Trussell of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Trussell: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Earlier, you mentioned some of the dynamics that we should keep in mind on gross margin, especially with some of the geographic mix changes going on, was hoping you could dig into a little bit more detail on other puts and takes around gross margin as we think about not just geographic mix, but, you know, the channel mix and just what's transpiring in terms of the rate of recovery, how you’re managing inventory and anything else to note? Thank you.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, I can take that. In terms of gross margin, I would say that generally speaking, the margin performance within each brand is shaping up the way we had expected. However, the impact of the disruption in our business with stores closed has had a significant and material impact on the outcome on overall margins. So, the real driver is – has been the geographic mix, most prominently, and that, as I mentioned, work against us in Q3 with the international business and namely China, having a much lower penetration to our average and that business is a high-margin business. As we move into Q4 and as we've seen more stores closed more broadly across the business, we see that impact actually reversing a bit with the North America business underpenetrated as we move into Q4, relatively underpenetrated I should say. You know by channel, I would say that we feel really good about our ability to drive the digital business globally and have seen a really nice response from our customers in terms of demand trends there, but have not seen a material impact on margin. As we think about managing margins through the rest of this fiscal year and into fiscal year 2021, one of the biggest controllable items is how we manage our inventory. And as I mentioned earlier, we've taken aggressive actions to align our inventory with how we see the demand trends unfolding and that includes the over $500 million of adjustments that we have taken, not only does that preserve cash flow, but it also puts us in a better position as we move through the year to manage the promotional activity. So, the other factor in gross margin that we're monitoring is really that promotional activity. You know, we expect that the environment and the promotional environment will intensify as we move through and we're very focused on making sure that we're controlling the elements that we can control, again, with aggressive inventory actions, and you know, there are few data points that give us confidence in our ability to positively manage margins in AUR, and to-date, we've seen success in driving higher margins on digital as we've managed through this part of the crisis, particularly in North America. And as China has reopened, we've been generating higher margins versus last year across channels. You know, we have stated increasing AUR and driving margins, healthy margins as a priority in the past and our focus continues to be there. And longer-term, we expect to continue to drive higher AURs based on being closer to the customer and driving innovation in our product. I think short-to-medium term, it's really about managing our inventories and responding appropriately to the environment.
Paul Trussell: Thank you for the color.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thank you. 
Todd Kahn : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel of BMO Capital.
Simeon Siegel: Thanks. Good morning, guys. And I hope everyone's doing okay through all this. Just given the economic landscape, can you remind us what percent of domestic store sales and locations are within maybe enclosed malls versus off-mall? And then, Jide, this might just be the wrong time for this question, but you did mention the benefits of being a well-capitalized brand throughout all of this, can you just talk about recognizing defense is important, talk about the offense, the opportunity you mentioned to grab share whether it's the existing brands, or maybe any other color you see if you're looking at other brands within that that are not as well capitalized? Thank you.
Jide Zeitlin : Thank you. Todd, do you know the response on the malls?
Todd Kahn : Yes, directionally, directionally, you can think about half the malls being outdoor malls and about half the malls being enclosed malls when you look at the total North America fleet.
Jide Zeitlin: Great. Thanks, Todd. So I'll take a slightly more expansive kind of response to your question about where we find ourselves and how we take advantage of being in a relatively strong position, and I'll go back to some comments that Joanne made earlier, but, you know, there really are three phases to both weathering the storm and then emerging strong. And clearly, the first is to – you know there's an expression that they use in India that I'm fond of, it’s do the needful, right. So to right size our costs and make sure that our costs are really in line with the current scale of our business, and, you know, we're clearly doing, that have been doing that for some time. We'll, you know, continue to stay focused on that. Second is to rebuild, rethink core aspects of our operating model. And so, as – and we have the benefit, you know, we didn't know it at the time of having begun rethinking, you know, our growth model, you know, six to eight months before COVID-19 hit.  And so, you know, our ability to really be very thoughtful and deliberate about increasing our focus on the consumer, investing in systems to better connect with that consumer to understand where she is traveling to, you know, really – and as we've talked a lot about on this call about, you know, the digital and being, you know, on the front end of that using data or knowledge to really drive, proactively drive decisions and having an organization that's much more agile in terms of how it makes decisions and in terms of the culture, and you know, our sense is that, you know, our relative strength allows us to hold two thoughts in our minds at the same time. One is to take the immediate really firm steps that need to get taken on the cost side in terms of our business, but two is to really be thinking going forward and to be making, you know, very surgical investments in areas going forward. And that then allows you to get into a third phase, which ultimately is what I’ll call the flywheel, right, where you really have this exceptional business model. And, you know, as we've sat internally and really looked at where we're likely to go, you know, our sense is that, you know, coming out of this extraordinary period, you know, and haven't taken the steps that we've already taken and positioning ourselves to continue to work forward, particularly on our growth agenda. You know, we'll be in a position where we've got really healthy margins and margins in many ways, frankly, that look more like the historical Coach business did in its best years and real operating leverage in the business going forward and that's part of the luxury that our position affords us as opposed to some of our peers who may only be able to focus on the first part of that, on just right sizing their costs and not thinking as much forward, both because they may not have had the benefit of beginning to think through some of those issues, you know, six, eight months ago, but also because, you know, they may not have the wherewithal to make those investments going forward [indiscernible] you know, clearly in a very surgical way.
Simeon Siegel: Great. Thanks a lot. Good luck for the rest of the year and best wishes to everyone.
Todd Kahn: Thank you. 
Jide Zeitlin: Thank you very much. You too.
Operator: Our final question today comes from the line of Michael Binetti of Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: Hi, guys, good morning. Thanks for taking our questions in here and I’ll add my hope that everybody is doing well. Joanne, just a couple of modeling questions real quickly, you know, the gross margin, all told, was fairly stable in the quarter, just some mix that you pointed to. I'm wondering if you think it's bottomed in the third quarter given the abrupt nature of the start of the shutdown. You said in the fourth quarter, the mix shifts back in your favor from North America being lower, maybe some thoughts on how markdowns will start to phase in and I'm guessing that's a bigger drag in 4Q, so I don't know if that’s bottomed? And then, same question on the SG&A you mentioned, you know, I'm wondering if the deleverage gets worse before it gets better or not because you have more ability to proactively manage costs in the fourth quarter?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, thanks, Michael. So from a modeling perspective, as I mentioned, the most significant impact to the gross margin rate is the store closures and the relative penetration of our geographic regions to our total. And as I mentioned in the third quarter, that worked against us with the international and China penetration being so much lower. You know, the North America stores being closed has the opposite impact on the margin rate, obviously, not an aspirational outcome, but it does have the impact of relative lower penetration in North America driving a benefit to the margin rate and that's what we would expect to your point.  The other aspects of margin management have been in-line with our expectations and we expect that to continue. You know there is an expectation as we move later into the year, calendar year, into the first part of our fiscal 2021 that we will be navigating more headwinds from a promotional environment, but as I mentioned, we're taking significant actions on inventory management to ensure we're best positioned to navigate through that. So, the way we see, you know, margin shaping up outside of the significant geographic mix issues is mainly in line with our original projections. From an SG&A management, we have been – you know we are taking a rigorous approach on SG&A and frankly, everything is on the table. I think we covered in our notes some actions that we have taken, some of which started in the fourth quarter, some actions will start July 1 at the beginning of our fiscal year. I think we talked about previously – we mentioned previously the temporary reduction across our [indiscernible] salary and compensation across our Board, management team, and employees. We, on the other side of that, have been in the fortunate position to be able to extend salary and benefits to our retail associates through May 30. So, those expenses and as that SG&A continues in Q4, should our stores be closed longer at that point, we would furlough – we would be furloughing our retail associates. Beyond that, we’re addressing all aspects of SG&A and, as I mentioned, everything is on the table. We expect to have lower overall SG&A, but it will not be enough to offset what we expect to be the topline reductions in Q4, so do we expect significant deleverage in Q4.
Michael Binetti: Okay. And then, I know you guys have been generous with the time here, Jide, if I ask you one higher level question, I guess as we all take a breath and be thankful that we see a path to the stores reopening at this point, I do want to ask you and others will be reopening back into a recession, a lot of the economists suggesting unemployment will be well into the double digits, you know, can you talk to anything specifically that you’re going to do to prepare to sell into the environment and into that consumer mindset related to the budget as we do get reopened here?
Jide Zeitlin: Sure. You know one is to acknowledge that clearly. And so, as we think about the return, you know, it's a, you know, a slower rebound and perhaps, you know, want to see post other downturns, but that said, clearly a rebound and in part of what we’ve seen and sorry to mention it yet again, but what we’ve seen through our digital channels in, you know, recent weeks and month is that there does continue despite what is clearly a severe economic downturn in the west, you know, what we see as continued demand and continued desire for our product. And so – and really it’s a little bit of a repeat of some of what Joanne has said, you know, we’ve planned accordingly, so we’re not planning for a quick rebound both in terms of how we think about our long-term cost structure and how we think about where we make our investments, but let's also recognize two things, our experience in prior downturns is that our accessible luxury positioning positions us extraordinarily well relative to the traditional European luxury players. So, we think there is a market share opportunity for us in the type of environment that you just talked to. And then, we also believe, you know, when you think about the balance in our business between retail and outlet, the outlet business, you know, we think we provide extraordinary value across both of our businesses. However, that outlet business is particularly, you know, value – a value business, and so we think in many ways. Yes, it will be a subdued environment in all likelihood, but if there is a business, a set of brands that are well-positioned for that, we believe that, you know, our brands are exactly that.
Michael Binetti: Thank you so much.
Jide Zeitlin: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. That was our final question. I’ll now turn the call to management for any additional or closing comments.
Jide Zeitlin: Absolutely. So, I'll close this call by remembering a colleague that we at Tapestry lost this month to COVID-19. He was a true craftsman who created beautiful product in our Coach Leather goods workshop here in New York City. He was described to me by one of his fellow craftsman as a hard-working humble man. He was our edge paint expert and very good at his job, always smiling and never any drama. And so for me, that description is as honorable a way to live one's life as one could live, hard-working, humble, expert. I'm proud to have been his colleague. And so I thank each of you, our fellow stockholders for entrusting us with your company during these extraordinary and uncertain times. Thank you very much. Stay well, stay safe.
Operator: Thank you for participating in the Tapestry conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Tapestry Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications at Tapestry, Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Jide Zeitlin, Tapestry’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information, as well as the related reconciliations on our website www.tapestry.com/investors and then viewing the earnings release and the presentation slides posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Jide will provide an overall summary of our fiscal second quarter 2020 results for Tapestry, as well as our three brands. Joanne will continue with details on financial and operational results of the quarter, as well as our outlook for FY 2020. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, Tapestry’s President and Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer; and Josh Schulman, CEO and Brand President of Coach. Following Q&A, we will conclude with some brief summary remarks. I’d now like to turn it over to Jide Zeitlin, Tapestry’s Chairman and CEO.
Jide Zeitlin: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea and thank you to all of you for joining our earnings call. This morning we reported our fiscal second quarter results, which exceeded our plan. Our out performance was driven by continued momentum at Coach and a significant sequential improvement at Kate Spade. In addition, we exited the quarter in a good inventory position.  We also entered our third fiscal quarter with strong underlying trends, notably at Coach as sales growth accelerated from the holiday period. Therefore, we had originally anticipated maintaining our fiscal year 2020 guidance despite continuing headwinds in Hong Kong and challenges at Stuart Weitzman. However, the escalating coronavirus outbreak in China is now impacting our business, resulting in both significant traffic declines and the closure of the majority of our stores on the Mainland. As a result, we now expect that the second half of our fiscal year could be impacted by approximately $200 million to $250 million in sales and $0.35 to $0.45 in earnings per diluted share given the current trends in China. If the situation further deteriorates or the outbreak further affects demand outside of the country, this impact could be worse. Our primary concern is the health and well-being of our team, their families, and their local communities who are dealing with the daily realities of the situation. We believe in the resilience of the Chinese people and our view that China represents a significant opportunity for our brands is unchanged. We are confident in our ability to effectively operate through this period of uncertainty. It is worth noting that during our 20 years of the public company we've successfully faced myriad macro and geopolitical dislocations from the great recession in 2009 to 9/11 to SARS and to the Fukushima earthquake, and tsunami in 2011. We have consistently emerged from such turbulent periods, a stronger company. Our strong balance sheet, cash position and diversified sourcing base and supply chain afford us a flexibility to operate our company for the long-term and to emerge stronger as we have many times in the past. Let me turn to the second quarter results by brand. We achieved another quarter of solid and consistent performance at Coach. This was our ninth consecutive quarter of positive comps, one that was driven by increases in handbags, average unit retail or AURs, in both outlet and detail. This speaks to how innovation and brand strength drives value as our products resonated with consumers around the world. Coach’s global digital channels led growth this quarter, while originally North America outpaced our international businesses in the aggregate. Turning to Kate Spade, revenue was better than expected. We realized a mid-single-digit decline in comparable store sales versus expectations for high-single-digit decreases as we actively work to address merchandising and product challenges. In addition, we move through excess inventory using higher levels of promotions during this typically marked down heavy holiday period. At Stuart Weitzman, sales declined despite strong growth in Mainland China. Demand was soft and North America and across other regions. That said, the gross margin expanded significantly and resulted in operating income in-line with the prior year. During the quarter, we completed the comprehensive review of our brands and business that I described on our last earnings call. This diagnostic work has provided important insights into where we need to focus to build sustainable brand health and growth. There is no silver bullet, rather there are handful of important changes that when aggregated will prove transformational. We will change key aspects of how we work. There are three major areas we’ve identified that will have the biggest impact on our business; consumer centricity, data driven decision-making, and how we work. To drive this successful development and implementation of changed business practices we are forming a project management office, which will ensure that our objectives are clear, that internal teams have the resources to succeed and the multiple activities are coordinated. While we’re not ready to share the specific plans at this time, we do have increasing clarity as to the opportunities we intend to go after and we look forward to sharing our plans in detail at an Analyst and Investor Day this summer. Before I mentioned additional details about our holiday performance, I wanted to touch on our leadership announcement this morning, which detailed a number of changes to the company's senior management team. First, I’m pleased to announced Liz Fraser as CEO and Brand President of Kate Spade. Liz brings our 30 years of industry experience and leadership to Tapestry having served as President of Lafayette 148, CEO of Anne Klein, and before that President of Marc by Marc Jacobs, where she built that business into a multichannel multi-category global lifestyle brand. As CEO and brand President, Liz will lead all aspects of the brand globally working closely with Creative Director, Nicola Glass and the brand's leadership team. I’m confident that Liz’s leadership style combined with her strong track record of getting things done will translate into great outcomes for our Kate Spade team and business. Eraldo Poletto, CEO and brand President of Stuart Weitzman recently informed us of his decision to leave the company. I’m grateful to Eraldo for the enthusiasm and dedication he brought to Stuart Weitzman and I wish him every success in the future. Eraldo will depart on March 1, and I’m pleased to promote an internal successor. Giorgio Sarné, currently President Tapestry Asia and President and CEO Coach Japan and Asia has been promoted to CEO and brand President of Stuart Weitzman. Partnering closely with Head of Product Design, Edmundo Giorgio will be responsible for all aspects of Stuart Weitzman globally. Giorgio joined Coach in 2013 in New York and since 2016 has done an excellent job in leading Coach in Japan and overseeing operations in Korea and other markets in Southeast Asia. He is a passionate and strategic leader who I have great confidence will lead Stuart Weitzman into a new future. Emmanuel Ruelland, currently Vice President, General Manager, Tapestry Southeast Asia & Oceania, will succeed Giorgio as President of Coach Asia, which includes Japan, Korea, Southeast Asia, Australia, and New Zealand. I’m also pleased to announce that Yann Bozec, currently President, Tapestry China and President and CEO, Coach China will be take on a Tapestry leadership role across Asia Pacific, in addition to his existing responsibilities. Yann joined Coach Japan in 2008 and has been instrumental in the brand's development and growth in the Asia region, notably its success in China. Most recently, he guided the integration of both Kate Spade’s and Stuart Weitzman's China operations onto the Tapestry platform. This organization has the opportunity to capitalize on the significant opportunities that exist for each of our brands and I’m delighted to have Liz, Giorgio, and Yann join our Tapestry Executive Committee. Now, let us discuss results by brand in greater detail, starting with Coach. Global comparable store sales rose 2% in the second quarter led by outperformance in North America and more generally across our e-commerce platforms. In aggregate, our international businesses were even with prior year with strong comp growth at Other Asia, Europe, and Mainland China offsetting continued weakness in Hong Kong. As anticipated, the Japan comp declined slightly reflecting the consumer tax increase, which went into effect on October 1. Excluding Hong Kong, global comps were up roughly 3%. The driver of our global bricks and mortar comparable store sales was ticket or ADT reflecting our AUR increases achieved through new product development successful launches at higher price points and outlet and lower levels of promotional activity. In addition, while our North America wholesale shipments were slightly below prior year, our business at POS remained strong despite fewer promotional event days. We are particularly proud of the brand's performance in North America in light of the weaker mall traffic trends. Importantly, Coach’s momentum in North America was evidenced by our U.S. brand tracking survey fielded in December, which showed strength in positive brand affinities among the broad premium market. We are pleased to see the perception of Coach as a brand on the way up increased significantly and match fiscal year 2013’s all-time high making it a standout within our panel. Now, looking at our second quarter progress against Coach's brand strategies for fiscal year 2020. First, we accelerated product innovation and disruption across our good, better, best price architecture in retail with the introduction of additional colors and seasonal materials of Tabby and the launch of our Horse & Carriage logo platform alongside newness and Signature.  In outlet, we successfully drove AUR with a re-launch of our top five bag styles. Each style received fresh design details and increased functionality such that we were able to command a 10% to 15% premium versus their previous counterparts. With these new core styles in place, we layered on new fashion introductions to drive Silhouette Newness and to respond to market trends. The success of this initiative gives us the confidence to further lean into the opportunity to reduce promotional activity, drive higher prices, and protect gross margins in the outlet channel. In addition, during the quarter, we continue to drive disproportionate growth beyond bags in our less developed women's and men's footwear and ready-to-wear categories. Second, we drove fashion authority through cultural relevance and created brand moments around key global events. Specific examples tailored to local markets this quarter included our participation in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade. In fact, the courts flow was the first for a luxury fashion company and featured singer and actor Billy Porter. In China, we celebrated Double Eleven, previously known as Singles' Day with compelling digital content featuring local talent. Overall, we generated a very positive response for our global digital content, including our holiday campaign featuring Kate Moss, Yara Shahidi and a diverse mix of personalities that garnered nearly 1 billion impressions. As you likely noticed, in mid-November, we announced Jennifer Lopez as a global face of Coach. While her official partnership with the brand begins now, in the spring 2020 season, she began posting during the second quarter driving significant buzz around the brand. Third, we injected excitement into stores bringing both creativity and convenience into the shopping experience. We continue to drive traffic through our store takeover and pop-up strategy involving nearly 80 installations during the quarter, including many dedicated to the launch of the Coach x Michael B. Jordan capsule collection in October and the Horse & Carriage collection in December. In outlet, we kicked off pre-holiday excitement in November with disruptive activations around our Star Wars collaboration. On the digital innovation in e-commerce front, we piloted the love, scan, save, in-store digital tool in over 50 North America outlet stores during the quarter. This tool allowed the customer to use their smart phone to scan product, to instantly see the door price, add favorite items to their bag, and skip the line for a faster checkout. We’re encouraged by early results and customer feedback. In China, we built on the momentum from a was soft launch on Tmall earlier this year with our official grand opening in December where we ranked highest among global brands in the handbag category, while continuing to see growth across other e-commerce platforms, including our own coach.com and on WeChat. We estimate that nearly 90% of team Tmall customers were new to Coach. We’re looking forward to spring with our first campaign featuring Jennifer Lopez, while we continue to partner with Michael B Jordan at the face of Coach Men’s. In retail, we will launch two new handbag families and we will showcase Coach’s heritage with the global rollout of Coach Originals grounded in leather craft, reintroducing our [indiscernible] shapes with a nod to the past through a modern aesthetic. Outside of handbags, we are very excited about the launch of the dual gender City Sole sneaker collection that mergers Coach’s fashion authority with technology to increase comfort and flexibility and to minimize impact and weight. For the first time in over three years we are dedicating significant marketing investment to the footwear category with out of home digital content and pop-ups. In summary, we remain optimistic about our ability to accelerate Coach’s growth over the long-term. Moving to Kate Spade, total sales were even with last year on both a reported and in constant currency. With the mid-single-digit comp decline offset by new store distribution. Comparable store sales were ahead of our expectations and improved sequentially declining 4% in aggregate as we move through excess inventory and began to take key product and merchandising actions to optimize our assortment and to enhance the brand's novelty offering. In our bricks and mortar business, conversion was positive for the quarter helped in part by higher levels of promotion, while traffic comp remained under significant pressure. Our international markets continued to outpace our domestic business with positive comps in Mainland China, Europe and Other Asia, while our global.com channels were also positive.  Turning to product and brand strategy at Kate Spade, s mentioned, on our last call, our strategy for holiday was to broaden the product assortment in retail to satisfy more usage occasions and to add back fun, color, and novelty. As a result, we saw strong performance in our expanded satchel offering, as well as in holiday giftables, and jewelry. Collaborations, particularly Mini Mouse in outlet, and Tom and Jerry in both channels resonated strongly with customers. Our cats grew, but novelty tiny elephant bag added a touch of whimsy over the holiday. In marketing, our objective was to establish the brand as a global gifting destination through compelling and impactful content in collaborations with the focus on digital. Post Black Friday, we increased our spend on digital to drive traffic to our .com site and generated significant growth in new and existing customers in December. Our holiday gift guide was also a notable win in North America with significant gains in spend year-over-year. In outlet, as we have discussed, we have been increasingly the overall level of innovation and will have a focus on prints, novelty, and fashion in the second half. Looking ahead to spring, in retail, we will continue to add newness in satchels, while expanding our cross body offering in keeping with the hands-free trend in the market. In both channels, we're excited about the footwear opportunity as it comes in-house with the first designs having arrived with the February floor set. We’ve developed exciting initiatives for both Valentine's Day and Mother's Day adding new brands spokespeople in the marketing mix such as the artist and poet Cleo Wade and the Japanese comedian and icon Naomi Watanabe. In aggregate, we expect these actions to support an improvement in comps in the second half of the year versus the first half, as the brand should be less impacted by the coronavirus outbreak given Kate Spade’s relatively modest exposure to the Chinese consumer globally. As mentioned, we’ve recently completed an intensive review of our business. Our intent to Kate Spade is to reengage our core consumer and attract new customers by building the next generation platform for women’s self-expression empowering individuality. We recognize the multi-dimensional nature of our customer, we will return to being the brand that enables to deliver life to the fullest from celebrating her own individual style to creating a positive and enriching community. To implement this strategy, we need to balance sophistication, emotion, wit, novelty, and color across all aspects at Kate. Our customers still has a wealth of goodwill towards the brand, but we must ensure that we have product that is compelling and relevant to her lifestyle supported by marketing that more effectively connects her emotionally with the brand. With Liz Fraser at the helm, leading the strong team in place, we will crystallize our brand pillars to find clear brand territories and create an action plan to drive growth. Turning to Stuart Weitzman, top line sales remain weak. We continue to experience soft wholesale demand, while our direct business also underperformed our expectations as we were unable to fully offset traffic challenges through increased conversion. China did continue to outperform with positive comps. We also generated a significant improvement in gross margin, which enabled operating income to match prior year levels. In product, we lacked distinctive newness in our heritage boot offering to drive an improvement in sales. However, we were encouraged by the consumer response to our key introductions such as the [Mckenzie boot and the NETZSCH Pump] outside of footwear, we drove handbag sales with the new 50-50 bucket bag and nod to the iconic boot of the same name. In marketing, we continue to build our awareness globally with our first-ever Stuart Weitzman holiday campaign, which featured Misty Copeland. Total impressions reached nearly 1.5 billion globally. As we entered the third quarter, we gained unprecedented exposure from our Times Square Billboard on New Year's Eve with 1.5 million people in Times Square and over 1 billion global life broadcast viewers. Looking forward, we have built on these learning’s and are reinvigorating our footwear icons through extensions and colors, materials and hardware, while injecting innovation into the overall assortment in keeping with market trends. For spring, we have concentrated on sandal innovation beyond the [nudist] family with an expanded assortment of flats, wedges and mules. Stuart Weitzman has always represented a fusion of fashion and fit, a key differentiator for the brand, one that is highly valued by our customers. Our diagnostic review has reaffirmed that Stuart Weitzman has a strong and distinct brand proposition at the gateway to luxury with considerable white space above it. It has a distinctive heritage in DNA melding European luxury aesthetics and craftsmanship with American practicality and comfort. We are now addressing our challenges through investment in talent, operational process improvements, and a focus on the fashion sensibility of the core design aesthetic. I’m confident that under Giorgio's leadership, we can leverage the brand's core equities to drive revenue growth and improve profitability long-term. To recap, we’ve delivered aggregate second quarter results that were ahead of our plan and enter Q3 in a position of strength. We are very confident in our ability to successfully navigate what we expect to be a time limited dislocation resulting from the coronavirus outbreak, underscored by our successful track record in managing through similar challenging periods in years past. Importantly, our teams are focused on creating action plans and strategies based on the insights from our diagnostic review. We have both a sense of urgency and a willingness to objectively face our challenges as we bring data, evidence, and logic to our work. We are stewards of three powerful brands and have the means to effect significant and positive change across our operating model to define the next chapter of sustainable growth at our company. With that, let’s turn to Joanne for the financial review of the quarter and our outlook. Joanne?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks Jide and good morning everyone. As Jide has just taken you through the highlights and strategies, I will cover some of the important financial details of the quarter. Before I begin, please keep in mind that my comments are based on non-GAAP results, corresponding GAAP results and the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. Turning to our second quarter financial results, total sales increased 1% on both a reported and constant currency basis led by continued momentum at Coach with global comp growth of 2%. At Kate Spade, comps declined 4%, representing a sequential improvement on a one and two-year, while total sales were in-line with last year, driven by distribution. Stuart Weitzman sales were pressured, down 7% versus prior year, reflecting generally softer than anticipated demand across channels. Gross margin decreased 30 basis points, compared to prior year with divergent trends by brand. At Kate Spade as projected, gross margin declined 320 basis points versus prior year, due primarily to a higher level of promotional activity as we make progress moving through excess inventory. Conversely, gross margin at Coach expanded 20 basis points over prior year. This expansion was driven by higher handbag AURs at outlet, a lower level of promotions, and product cost benefits, partially offset by FX pressure and geographic mix headwinds resulting in part from the lower penetration of our business in Hong Kong. Stuart Weitzman gross margins rose 370 basis points over prior year, driven by channel mix, due to the relative outperformance of the direct business led by Mainland China and benefits from FX. SG&A for the quarter rose approximately 4%, inclusive of the anticipated shift in timing of expenses from the first quarter into the second quarter, as well as a higher level marketing spend year-over-year at Kate Spade. Therefore, for the first half of the fiscal year, SG&A rose 2% over prior year, driven by new store distribution and regional buybacks, as well as a higher level of depreciation associated with our ERP implementation. Taken together for the second quarter, Tapestry's operating income declined 6%, while earnings per diluted share of $1.10 was 3% above last year, benefiting from a lower tax rate and lower share count year-over-year. During the quarter, as highlighted in our press release, we added a net of 31 locations across Tapestry driven primarily by net openings at Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. We ended the quarter with 1,575 directly operated stores globally. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. At the end of the quarter, cash and short-term investments were approximately $1.2 billion, while borrowings outstanding were $1.6 billion consisting primarily of senior notes. Inventory ended the quarter at $748 million up only 2% versus last year in part due to receipt timing shifts to Q3. Importantly, we exited the holiday quarter with inventory is in a good position. For the second quarter, net cash from operating activities was an inflow of $556 million versus $618 million a year ago. CapEx spending was $50 million versus $61 million last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was an inflow of $506 million versus $557 million last year. Now, turning to capital allocation. As previously announced, this year, we are dedicating our resources to driving organic growth rather than pursuing strategic acquisitions while returning capital to shareholders. We remain on track to return approximately $700 million to shareholders this fiscal year through our share repurchase program and current annual dividend payout representing the vast majority of our free cash flow. Moving to our 2020 outlook, consistent with our prior practice the following guidance is presented on a non-GAAP basis and replaces all previous guidance. As Jide mentioned, and as noted in our press release, we’ve updated our outlook to incorporate an estimated impact of the coronavirus outbreak in China of approximately $200 million to $250 million in sales and $0.35 to $0.45 in diluted earnings per share. Given the dynamic nature of the situation, the potential financial impact to our business could be materially different. Therefore, we now expect revenues for fiscal 2020 to approximate $5.9 billion. In addition, we’re now projecting earnings per diluted share to be in the area of $2.15 to $2.25. In closing, and to reiterate, we had a strong second quarter and outperformed our plan. We entered our fiscal third quarter with strong underlying business trends notably at Coach with comps accelerating from second quarter levels. If we’re not facing the impact of the coronavirus outbreak to our business, I’m confident that we would be reiterating our fiscal year 2020 guidance. Our teams are focused on identifying actions to mitigate this impact on top and bottom line results and we have successfully navigated similar disruptions to our business many times in the past. Most importantly, our view of the long-term opportunities for our brands in China and globally is unchanged and our strategic intent to drive organic growth and profitability is unwavering. I’d now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Bob Drbul: Hi, good morning. I was wondering, Jide can you provide more details on the learning’s, you know from the in-depth review of the business and sort of where you see opportunities and risks and then just a couple of parts to this actually. What kind of investment do you currently think is necessary to drive the business forward after the review? And I guess the third part of the one part question is that, would you expect FY 2021 to be an investment year? Do you have to shrink to grow? Those are my questions. Thanks.
Jide Zeitlin: Good morning, Bob and thank you for that distinct question. But let me maybe take the latter part of your question first. To be clear, as we look at transforming Tapestry, it’s not about shrinking our total revenue or earnings to drive future growth. We’re focused on sustained growth and returns from here. We’ll grow from fiscal year 2020 results, excluding any impact, the impact of the coronavirus situation and so to just be to be doubly clear, we're not going to be satisfied with another flat year. We’re committed to drawing a line under the current results. So, to turn really to the meat of your question, if coming out of the diagnostic work we’ve done in recent months here, we’re focused on five core opportunities. One is, becoming truly consumer centric. The second is to create a culture here at Tapestry and across our three brands that enables faster decisions that are more responsive to consumer desires. The third is to use data to inform forward decisions. The fourth is better aligning our operating model with our product positioning. And then the fifth is to more clearly define the purpose of each of our brands. I know as much as I love to expand on each one of those, now is not the time to do so. I’ll leave that to the Investor and Analyst Day that I mentioned earlier. However, why don't I just maybe take a moment and give you a couple of examples of what it is we have in mind. And perhaps the first one would be around consumer centricity and I know that a lot of companies are focused of becoming consumer centric. So, let me just talk about what that means here for us at Tapestry. And for us it means improving our skills and asking questions of and listening to consumers and adopting a very rapid test and learn set of processes that feed real-time insights back into our business to inform decision-making and to inform results. Our objective is to leverage data and insights and anticipate where consumers are travelling and to be there when they arrive. And this really and one of the things that really came out of our diagnostic work is that this compares to today where in many instances we’ve erected barriers to even meeting consumers where they currently are much less where they are travelling to. Perhaps just to make it – give you an example of when I say that we’ve erected barriers, we historically discourage marketing to consumers in certain of our distribution channels, which has ultimately limited our ability to acquire new consumers. And so, as we look at integrating consumer centricity and to how we work, it will have an impact in very tangible ways weather in the product development process, whether in our marketing as I alluded to just a moment ago, certainly in our pricing and promotion decisions and so across a number of very tangible aspects of our business. The other example I might use in terms of the areas of opportunity coming out of our diagnostic work is using data to inform forward decisions. And so today, we’re very data heavy company, but we largely use data to assess past events rather than to drive predictive fact-based forward-looking decision-making. I would characterize it as we are reactive rather than being proactive and I think we have a tremendous opportunity to leverage technology and data to drive faster more insightful decisions across the enterprise and that will impact everything from supply chain to demand planning to product allocation and to buying decisions. So, without kind of going on at more length, I very much look forward to this summer, one will have an opportunity to much more and have much more in-depth discussion of the opportunities we see across the five areas that I highlighted a moment ago, which we think will truly transform our operating model allowing our operations and our organization to better anticipate and to become more responsive to changing consumer desires and in doing so in ways that will have a material, I believe revenue margin and balance sheet implications of our business.
Bob Drbul: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, in the interest of time we ask that you please limit yourself to one question only. Your next question comes from the line of Irwin Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Irwin Boruchow: Hi, good morning everyone. Congrats on the good holiday. I just wanted to focus on China. I don't know if this for Jide or Joanne. So, understanding the guidance revision for 2H and assuming the majority of these revenues are located in Coach Brand, can you help us, I understand visibility is very low, but in modeling the Coach comps in the back half should we be thinking about high-single-digit declines in 2H and possibly even down maybe double digits in the third quarter? And then just any color on how this kind of revenue decline in that region should impact the Coach gross margin will be helpful?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Hi. I’ll jump into that and explain, you know take you through how we arrived at our assumption and, you know as you mentioned we’re monitoring the developments very closely, the situation is still unfolding and as you know it’s very dynamic. We are providing transparency based on what we’re seeing today. So, let me take you through the assumptions and how we arrived at these numbers, and then I will address the specific questions around the brands. The assumptions are based on – today, we see a low-to-mid teens percent of our business in Mainland China across all brands, with the predominance on Coach brand, where the outlook is an expectation of a 70% to 80% decrease in those sales through the rest of the year. And we arrived at the EPS estimate with an expectation of over a 50% flow-through given the high margin profile of that region China specifically and certain fixed costs that we now will continue. In terms of breaking it out by brand, we have not provided visibility by brand at this time. As we said, the situation is dynamic and is still playing out, but based on our store counts and our penetration on Mainland China it is predominantly impacting the Coach brand, has an, also has an impact on Stuart Weitzman, but to a lesser, much less extent Kate Spade. I would also add that we have, as it relates to China much lower exposure in our supply chain. So, I wanted to touch on that as well. We’ve already migrated the vast majority of our production outside of the country, less than 10% of our finished goods production is in Mainland China across all brands. More broadly, we’re looking at different scenarios as you can imagine, as well as mitigating actions to drive top line and control or reduce expenses in light of this news.
Jide Zeitlin: Josh, anything you would add?
Josh Schulman: Yes, what I would add Irwin is, to your specific question around the comp guidance, right now it’s hard to estimate the impact of China on comp, given that our store closures are typically removed from the comp calculation, which I believe is common practice. And so that part to estimate. What I would like to emphasize though is that the health of our business in Mainland China prior to this very unfortunate set of circumstances, we have been seeing a strong comp store sales in China in Q2 and importantly in the first few weeks of Q3 leading up to the Chinese New Year period. And we're seeing that both in our – we were seeing that, both in our directly operated store channels, which make up the vast majority of our business, but also in our emerging digital channels. As you know, we launched with Tmall had a series of soft openings and then grand opening in December and immediately we saw that the brand has become the top handbag of brand on Tmall in December in the period meeting up to Chinese New Year. So, we believed in the resilience of the Chinese consumer and what we’ve seen in previous crisis is that whether it’s SARS or different types of geopolitical situations that these have deep impacts for a time limited period and then we bounce back to normal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Sandler.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Jide Zeitlin: Good morning.
Erinn Murphy: My question is around the Coach brand, last quarter AUR grew in outlet for the first time in several years and based on your comments today, it definitely sounds like there is some inflection here that could continue, I guess can you share with us how far below peak AUR is in that outlet? And then based on some of your diagnostic work are there further opportunities in pricing? And then I apologize, but a clarification on the guidance, Joanne, are you including any impact from lackluster Chinese tourism here into the U.S.? Thank you.
Josh Schulman: I'm sorry. I didn't hear part of your question.
Jide Zeitlin: When you said, how far below, and then we didn't hear…
Erinn Murphy: Oh, apologies. So, I guess on the Coach brand how far below is a AUR today in outlet versus when it peaked and then based on your diagnostic work, just curious on if there is any further opportunity in pricing?
Josh Schulman: Okay. Why don’t I give some context around the AUR growth? I really appreciate the question, because as you know, we’ve been talking about this for several quarters both externally and it’s been a huge focus for us internally and so this was an important milestone quarter for us. We were up in AUR in both channels, significantly in outlet. In outlet, our AUR went up 4% globally, 5% in North America, driven by a 7% increase in the AUR of handbags in North America. And so, I’d like to just take a few minutes to explain how we went about that. We achieved that through a really holistic approach of listening to the customers. In fact, Jide referenced the top five bags in North America outlet, which frankly had been the top five for a long period of time, and we did very deep consumer insights involving [indiscernible] project within the company of bringing together Stuart, the cheap merchant, the head of North America outlet and doing a road show and really listening to what customers love about those bags and what features and functionality that they would be willing to pay more for. And so there was a lot of focus on those top five bags and I’m very proud of what the team did there. And so going into the holiday quarter, this assortment allowed us to be much shallower and more surgical on the types of promotion. So, we coupled the product development work with learning’s from our data labs about where we need to be more promotional and where we need to be less promotional. So, clearly there has been a significant erosion in AURs in North America outlet over sustained period of time, nearly 50% from the peak, but we see the actions of the last few quarters and specifically the holiday quarter as being a milestone that turns us in the other direction and even more importantly gives us a very tangible material example of where we can start looking at increasing prices in the outlet channel.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Erinn, I’ll take the second part of your question regarding our guidance. Our guidance reflects what we’re seeing today, which is an impact to our business in Mainland China, if the – you know as we’ve mentioned the situation is dynamic and unfolding. If it impacts more broadly across the globe than our results maybe different and maybe worse. However, specifically on North America, we do not anticipate or we have not in our guidance anticipated the coronavirus impact on the Chinese tourist in North America. Having said that, over the past few quarters and years we’ve been seeing a down trend in the Chinese tourists, which has been offset by the domestic business particularly in our outlet stores.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Alex Walvis of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Walvis: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the questions. So, I wanted to ask a few questions about Coach as well. Maybe firs of, I wanted to clarify a comment that you made in response to the prior questions, I think you said that AUR at the Coach brand in North America outlets was 50% lower than it had been historically, did I hear that accurately and then perhaps you know any thoughts on how far we could go back to the prior high’s and how much progress I suppose you can make from here already strong progress, but you know the environment in that channel is a little different than it was a few years ago. And then one further question on Coach, you know any comment on how the logo product is performing and what percentage of the assortment that accounts for today?
Josh Schulman: Yes let me clarify the comments on the hand bag AUR in our North America outlet channel. I was specifically around handbag AUR versus the peak; it is approaching 50% off of peak, so there has been erosion over a long period of time as the channel dynamics have changed. 
Jide Zeitlin: But to your underlying point Alex, we do believe that represents substantial opportunity to re-gain back much of what it is that we have over an extended period of time given back. And so maybe you want to talk about signature logo.
Josh Schulman: Yes absolutely. So, to your question about Signature, Signature remains a very important part of forward assortments in our retail assortments, it is approximately 25% of our retail business, we are finding that it continues to generate a higher AUR, actually than leather showing the demand for the brand, the other thing that you will notice in this past quarter we launched a new Horse & Carriage logo platform and this was something again from our archives and I think it gives us a second branded platform to have because we are very careful that we don't want to go back to an over exposed place and we want to keep the branded platforms relevant and current and achieving these higher AURs.
Jide Zeitlin: And Josh has may be saying something that may have an implicit Alex in your question, even at current penetration Signature is materially below where it was in the last cycle.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen & Company.
Oliver Chen: Hi, thank you. Regarding Kate Spade would love your latest thoughts on timing of optimization and your thoughts on how this may involve with conversion relative to traffic, the new CEO Liz and comments around self-expression as you continue to calibrate the brand with novelty and other thoughts? And City Sole seems like a big deal…
Jide Zeitlin: City Sole is a big deal, maybe – sorry, go ahead.
Oliver Chen: You have made strides and attempts in footwear in footwear in the past, so love your context on what’s different and it would also be interesting to get your views on how big that could be and it’s responsive lightweight flexible looks like it’s in touch with the way the customers are really moving?
Jide Zeitlin: Right. Maybe let’s look back because there’s a lot there, maybe Josh will talk about City Sole, Joanne as you all know has been the interim leader of Kate, so maybe she can talk about the – some of the Kate brand specific comment, and I’ll close out by talking about Liz Fraser the New President there, the new brand's CEO.
Josh Schulman: Good morning, Oliver. Thanks for noticing the emphasis on City Sole, which is particularly prominently this week as we’re launching it. As you know and you follow it for a long time, Coach has a long history in footwear and in fact back in 2005, 2006 in some ways Coach invented the fashion branded sneaker category coming from a leather goods brand with strong branding. Over time, we let that position erode and at that time the brand was producing shoes under license. Since bringing the shoe collection back under direct control a few years ago, we’ve really been focused on getting the prize value fashion style equation right and we know to break through here that we needed to do something very special and unique in terms of both product and marketing. So, we worked on this project for some time, really thinking about where the customer is going in terms of the increasing casualization and how to create a sneaker franchise that will last for more than one season, and that could really be a catalyst for the overall footwear category. As we’ve mentioned on previous call, our shoes around 4% and our ambition is to – is that this should be a business with double digit penetration and we couldn’t be more excited about the reaction to the marketing with J.Lo and Michael B. Jordan and I hope to see you wearing a pair next time I see you.
Joanne Crevoiserat : Hi, Oliver it’s Joanne. I’m going to jump into the Kate Spade question. As Jide mentioned, I did jump into help lead the brand trough December and January and as I entered the brand the team was very engaged and focused on the improvements to the assortment and really managing through the important holiday quarter. We did see sequential improvement as we implemented key product.  We took key product actions and merchandizing actions, really to balance our assortment we talked a little bit last quarter about the assortment architecture. The changes we made did gain traction in the second quarter. We did see strong performance in our expanded satchel offering, and we talked a little bit about holiday giftables, but that expression was strong and the customer responded very well to that assortment, as well as jewelry which is not a high penetration category for us, but we see opportunity moving forward.  We also enhanced the novelty offering that was a void in our assortment. Coming into the second quarter, we added some fun in novelty back with collaborations like Tom and Jerry and the cats collaboration as well as the novelty elephant bag tiny adding some fun back into the mix. We also focused on moving through excess inventory, so that we could clean up our inventory and these merchandizing changes would be more evident and apparent to the customer.  We moved our marketing focus forward; we increased spending digital and did see some traction there. We leveraged new tactics. So, we saw nice growth in the digital channel particularly in December and saw some green shoots with new customer acquisition there as well. So, lots of work going on right now in the brand on the current assortment, but we are also doing foundational work and we’ve made progress on sharpening our brand position that has worked that we began as we spoke to last quarter, we began last quarter and the team has moved that forward. We’re also doing deeper customer segmentation work to truly understand the Kate Spade customer. We are really looking forward to having Liz join us in March to continue to move that forward with the team and Jide; I don’t know if you have other comments?
Jide Zeitlin: Absolutely. So, just – Oliver to you question about Liz, she is the right person at the right time for Kate Spade and that this is somebody who has 20 years of relevant industry experience and she has run the gamut from merchant roles to supply chain roles to – for the – better part of the last decade and a half, real leadership roles. She is clearly in her last two incarnations knows the ready to wear and the handbag accessory business well, and then most relevant for 14 years she was a key player in building the mark-by-mark Jacobs business from roughly 20 million in revenues to well over 750 million in revenues. So, this is a person who gets things done, has built businesses and has very good relationships with her internal teams and external teams. I followed her for over a decade and I’m really pleased that she is going to be joining us and joining the Kate Spade team.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. As you dig into the uptick and brand perception at Coach I’m curious what you think is having the biggest impact there in terms of driving that inflection and any insight on the trends you are seeing with your more mature customers versus maybe some newer younger customers in terms of driving that improved brand perception? And then, you know, separately for Jide, I was hoping you could quickly touch on Stuart Weitzman, just given the management change announced today, any updated thoughts you could share on the pace and magnitude of margin recovery we should be looking for over the next several years? Thanks.
Josh Schulman: Yes, thanks for the question. I mean we were very pleased to see the brand tracking report this quarter, and particularly to see the inflection in the number of customers in the broad premium market who consider Coach to be a brand on the way up. And I think it’s a few things. You know, we have been talking about building a fashion relevancy for some time and I think that continues, and so the great work that Stuart has been doing and his team, but also coupled with a lot of the marketing approach that we’ve taken. In fact, the mix of a very high profile celebrities like Jennifer Lopez and Michael B. Jordan clearly have resonance in the North American market, but also coupled with emerging celebrities like Yara Shahidi and really moving the vast majority of marketing into the digital place and becoming significantly more active on the various social channels. And so, we are very encouraged by what we’re seeing and it’s really across the demographic with a focus on the millennial.
Jide Zeitlin: And with respect to Stuart Weitzman, a couple of comments, you know, first of all and particularly on the back end here of our diagnostic work, we are quite confident in terms of the strength of that brand, you know, a brand that basically has a unique proposition as a, you know, gateway to luxury and where we think that there is a fair amount of white space above us with a distinctive heritage and, you know, DNA as you’ve heard us talk about before in terms of melding or this fusion of [European Lux] with, you know, aesthetic and craftsmanship merged with or combined with, you know, an American practicality and comfort. So, you know, fundamentally the brand, we think, is in – is a powerful brand. The – you know we’ve talked in the past about some of the challenges we had in earlier days on design and supply chain, which are working their way through the system. and so, our focus now is, you know, very firmly on the product line, and as I mentioned in my opening comments, you know, we’ve lacked innovation to just be very blunt about it, particularly in our core heritage boot offering, as well as just real distinctive newness more broadly across the product architecture to drive top line sales. The team has been very focused on that and that takes some time to just work its way through the pipeline, but we believe that – you know, that we’re making progress on that front and I'm really excited about Giorgio because he is somebody who has had a tremendous impact at every business in our organization that he has been a part of and I'm confident that coming together with the existing team at Stuart Weitzman, he’s going to have a really big impact, particularly as we look to both have a very strong base as well as to periodically have key items that we lean very heavily into. So – you know, we – it’s on the right track. I think Giorgio will help accelerate moving it further forward, and you know, it’s a business that we continue to feel very good about particularly frankly coming out of the diagnostic work.
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson of Bank of America Securities.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. As you think about the evolution of the business in China as it relates to the virus, how are you thinking about managing inventory and making sure that when that demand does return, you’re presenting a full price offering? I guess what happens to that excess inventory from the lost sales in China? And how are you thinking about managing it?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Lorraine, this is Joanne, I’ll take that. The situation is very dynamic and the teams are, you know working on mitigating actions. I’ll first say that we have globally shippable product. So, we are not constrained as to where our product goes. So, as the teams are responding, they are actively managing inventory to make sure it is in the right location to match demand and we may see different trends in the digital side of that business versus brick and mortar particularly as we work our way through this event as well as different demand trends globally. So, the teams are working very hard to make sure that we’ve got the inventor in the right location, we have the flexibility and we’re also evaluating future order flows based on what we’re seeing for demand. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen we do have time for one final question. Your next question comes from Michael Binetti of Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: Hi guys. Good morning. Let me add my congrats on a really nice quarter.
Jide Zeitlin: Thank you. Good morning.
Michael Binetti: Jide, I guess I’m trying to calibrate the model a little bit from your comments on Kate in the second quarter, the comps are quite a bit better than planned, but it looks like you took opportunity to clear some inventory when you had traffic in the stores, so I guess the gross margin was a little below, but on total, Kate much better than we thought. You sound like that you feel like inventory is in better shape in the brand, you gave some guidance on second half comps improving, but you previously did suggest that Kate comps would improve sequentially in each quarter. Since comparison on Kate changes a lot in the third quarter, I just want to see if you still see it accelerating especially if you drill down the inventory quite a bit on the holiday when you had the opportunity. And then I just wanted to ask if, you know, it sounded like if I had to characterize the plan you laid out, Coach and Kate came in a little bit above the plan, and I know you have to deal with corona in Asia, but it sounds like U.S. or North America was a lot better, I’m wondering if, you know, as you look at your internal plan, did you move up in North America Coach assumptions in your internal plan for same store sales in the back half?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Let me start. Particularly with the Kate business, we had an expectation pre-coronavirus outbreak that expected inflection in the second half and that we continue to expect to improve in the second half for Kate. We haven’t called for it to be sequential each quarter, but for the second half we expect to see improvement and we in the second quarter, we did move through some inventory and we still have some excess inventory in the Kate brand that we will be working through as we move the second half, but we are also seeing some traction with the assortment changes we’re making and the marketing actions we are taking as well as adding new brand spokes people to the brand. So, we continue to expect, particularly in North America, improved results in the second half versus the first half in Kate Spade.
Operator: Thank you. I’ll now…
Jide Zeitlin: I was just going to just say on the question with regard to Coach in the second half, we don’t disaggregate our – we don’t disaggregate the growth.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you, operator. We’re going to conclude the Q&A now with some brief closing remarks from Jide. Jide, whenever you are ready.
Jide Zeitlin: Absolutely. So, first, I just want to underscore the comments that we’ve made that I know a lot of our industry peers have made in terms of just our focus on both on our team in China on their families and on their community, but also just much more broadly to the Chinese people. Those of us that live in New York, many of us went through 9/11 and we understand just how deeply unsettling a situation such as this can be. And you know, we’ve got clearly immense confidence in the Chinese people in their character and in their resilience and believe that clearly the fear that is evident in a day-to-day basis there is one that we will abate and look for to doing everything we can as a corporate citizen to be a part of helping China more broadly return to a greater sense of normalcy as we all as global citizens have seen in so many other crisis in the world over time. So, I just want to say that and say that very clearly and heartfelt. The second comment, I would just make in closing which is one where I would like to just call out one of our many colleagues in our organization, who I had the privilege of spending time with last week and this is a gentlemen named [Darien Lewis] who is the store manager for Coach’s Chicago Premium Outlet Store. And [poor Darien] had me show up on his door step a week ago as basically one of the members of his team. I worked as a sales associate on the floor much again to the chagrin of [Darien] and his team and almost certainly to the surprise of most customers who wondered why the usual high standard of both hiring at Coach [indiscernible] dropped, but one of the things that I learned through that day, which was really humbling frankly is, first of all as we talk about consumer centricity, when you got to stand in front of a customer and figure out what she wants and try to anticipate where she is going, you learn something about consumer centricity in that. What I also learned was just how amazing the team work is and whether it’s at Coach, whether it at Kate Spade, whether it is at Stuart Weitzman in terms of how our teams support each other, how they work so well together and how they create a remarkable experience in store for our customers. Parenthetically, we smashed the sales target for that day in that store.  So, at least that part of the second half – of the second half of growth that we will disaggregate and [indiscernible] well, but I just want to say thank you to everyone within Tapestry across our fleet, across all of our three brands for everything you do because really it’s the opportunity to work with such a remarkable leadership team that makes me most proud in – to be here at Tapestry. So, thank you all for you confidence and your interest in Tapestry and we look forward to continuing the conversation, particularly as we navigate through these challenging times.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude this Tapestry conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-11-05 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Tapestry Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications at Tapestry, Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Jide Zeitlin, Tapestry’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information as well as the related reconciliations on our website www.tapestry.com/investors and then viewing the earnings release and the presentation slides posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Jide will provide an overall summary of our fiscal first quarter 2020 results for Tapestry as well as our three brands. Joanne will continue with details on financial and operational results of the quarter and our outlook for FY '20. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, Tapestry’s President and Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer; and Josh Schulman, CEO and Brand President of Coach. Following Q&A, we will conclude with some brief summary remarks. I would now like to turn it over to Jide Zeitlin, Tapestry’s Chairman and CEO.
Jide Zeitlin: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea and thank you to each of you for joining our earnings call. Although this is my first as CEO, this is Tapestry's 77th call since Coach as IPO in 2000. I still remember how exciting it was to listen to that first call 19 years ago, when I joined the call as an advisor to the company. Having seen this journey progress over the years, my principle takeaway relates to the resilience of this remarkable organization. The combination of a powerful brand with exceptional people and culture has enabled this company to reinvent itself to fix historical mistakes and to address new competitors and evolving consumer desires. I’ve approached my first two months of CEO with an optimism born of our history and an appreciation that this history has been defined by innovation and change. I’ve immersed myself in day-to-day operations and key decision-making. My experience during this period of time has deepened my conviction that our three brands have powerful equities that connect meaningfully with significant and distinct consumer segments globally. I believe that each brand benefits from our shared set of resources that drive efficiencies and allow for sharing best practices across divisions. I’m excited by the work ahead of us to reignite growth by bringing a more consumer centric focus to our investment decisions and by improving our execution. While our first quarter EPS was better than the forecast we shared with you in August, embedded in our results are external and internal challenges ranging from the situation in Hong Kong to competitive pressures to self-induced mistakes. We will touch on a number of these headwinds throughout the course of this call. Now, let me turn to results by brand. We achieved solid and consistent performance at Coach. This was our 8th consecutive quarter of positive comps, which speaks to how our product resonated with consumers globally, driven by brand interest and vibrancy. Coach's digital and international channels again led growth this quarter. In fact, I recently returned from China where all of Coach's international store managers gathered including those from London to Tokyo to Sydney and many points in between. This group and the store associates they work with are exceptional. Although I am admittedly biased, I believe, that they’re the best store team at scale in all of retail. Turning to Kate Spade. Revenue performed in line with expectations. The business realized a mid-teens decline in comparable store sales, which reflected the product and merchandising challenges we’ve previously identified and are actively working to address. Kate Spade's geographic mix is also more skewed to North America than Coach, thus leaving the brand more exposed to a domestic market that is facing greater traffic and promotional challenges than many of our key international markets. At Stuart Weitzman, sales were negatively impacted by softer wholesale demand, which offset growth in the brands direct business. That said, gross margin expansion resulted in an operating loss equal to plan and to the prior year quarter. As we look ahead, we're maintaining our total Tapestry outlook for fiscal year '20. We understand that to meet this guidance, we need to continue to drive growth at Coach, while simultaneously improving trends from current levels at Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. Our imperative is to fuel desire for our brands and make investment decisions through a consumer centric lens. We're focused on becoming more agile, continuously leveraging data and technology to increase our productivity and speed to market. These improvements will enable us to fund additional brand building initiatives and to return capital to shareholders. To this end, we’ve commenced an in-depth comprehensive and efficient review of our business to address both near-term and long-term opportunities. Let us now turn -- now discuss results by brand in greater detail, starting with Coach. Global comparable store sales rose 1% in the first quarter, led by outperformance in our international channels and across our e-commerce platforms. Excluding the pressures from Hong Kong, which intensified over the period, comps were up roughly 2%. The drivers of our global brick-and-mortar comparable store sales were conversion, reflecting our strong product offering as well as traffic. Coach delivered overall positive comps across most international regions, including Europe and Asia. As anticipated, results in Japan were strong benefiting from a pull forward of demand in advance of the consumption tax increase, which was affected on October 1. Our Greater China business was constrained by the situation in Hong Kong, however, we continue to drive positive same-store sales on the Mainland as well as in Taiwan. Our international wholesale business also rose on a POS basis in the quarter. Comps in North America were flat to prior year, despite the negative impact of lower tourist spend. In addition, while our North America wholesale shipments were below prior year in part due to timing, our business at POS increased despite fewer promotional event days. We are particularly proud of the brand's performance in North America in light of the weaker mall traffic trends in both outlet and full priced retail. Looking at our first quarter progress against Coach's brand strategies for fiscal year '20. First, we accelerated product innovation and disruption across our good, better, best price architecture in retail with the introductions of Tabby, Troupe and Hadley, and an outlet with a Disney collaboration along with several new styles both sporty and functional. We comp the comp in signature in both channels, particularly exciting was an increase in global and North America outlet handbag AUR against a highly promotional backdrop. In addition, we drove outsized growth beyond bags in our less developed women's and men's footwear and ready-to-wear categories. Second, we drove fashion authority through cultural relevance. Examples this quarter include our September, in New York Fashion Week Runway show on the High Line attended by global influencers and a number of celebrities including actor, producer and face of Coach men's Michael B. Jordan. In addition, we released a new "Dream It Real" campaign, which featured a global cast including MBJ, Yara Shahidi and CDD and Kiko Mizuhara. More recently, since quarter end, we launched a collaboration with MBJ featuring the anime franchise Naruto, which generated strong excitement and sell-throughs in the men's category. Third, we injected excitement into the store experience. One of the highlights of this quarter was an art of signature pop up next to the vessel at Hudson yards. We also had a Coach Originals store takeover in New York during Fashion Week, set to coincide with our Spring 2020 show on the High Line. Coach Originals celebrated the heritage of the brand in a modern way with distinct product stories, including restored vintage bags, remade updates of archival styles and remixed bags, which are individually handcrafted combinations of Vintage Coach bags. These activations not only drove strong sales in their respective locations, but just as importantly drove significant digital engagement. Based on the positive reaction to Coach Originals and its link to the spring collection, we will rollout Coach Originals pop-ups in high profile locations globally. We are looking forward to holiday where we can -- we will continue to innovate in our core families, while disrupting with new drops that include the Tabby shop. The Tabby shop drops show the full breadth of this best-selling style across new novelty iterations as well as our new take on our original icon the Horse & Carriage logo. In outlet, we will be launching a Star Wars collaboration and in both channels we're excited about our robust gifting assortments. In summary, we're optimistic about the holiday season in the balance of fiscal year '20 for our largest brand. We remain confident about the opportunity for continued growth as we look to accelerate innovation and relevance globally. Moving to Kate Spade, total sales declined 6% on both a reported basis and in constant currency with the mid-teens comp decline offset by -- in part by new store distribution as well as the acquisition of the brand's operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia, which we have not yet anniversaried. Comparable store sales matched our expectations, declining 16% on an aggregate basis impacted by the brand's exposure to the difficult North America market as well as the product voids and merchandising challenges discussed on our August call. In our bricks-and-mortar business, average ticket was positive for the quarter, which together with the brand's relatively stable gross margin speaks to our deliberate management of in-store promotions. Traffic comp remained under significant pressure and was a primary cause of the decrease in comp store sales. On the other hand, international markets continue to outpace our domestic business with positive comps in Mainland China and Japan. Turning to product and brand strategy at Kate Spade. The team has began to address initial learnings including broadening the product assortment in retail through increased breadth of key silhouettes and a diversity of materials in order to more fully satisfy consumer usage occasions. We are also bringing in more color in novelty for holiday and beyond. These are playful elements that are with the hallmark of the brand's unique personality and that we believe drive direct and indirect demand. In addition, we're evolving our marketing with a nod to the past which we saw in the first quarter with our campaign The Featured Anna Kendrick, our beloved brand ambassador. Further, our Spring Runway show at New York Fashion Week featured a diverse cast of women. This show and notably the product was well received as feminine, optimistic, democratic and relatable. In outlet, as we’ve discussed, we're heightening the overall level of innovation, including our first-ever collaboration designed for the channel. We expect that these actions -- we expect these actions to support sequential progress in comps as we move through the year. As mentioned, we're currently in the process of an intensive review of our business. The key focus is the Kate Spade brand. Our intent is to reengage our core consumer and attract new customers. We need to find the right balance between sophistication and witty novelty and color across all aspects of the brand. Our internal research has shown that the consumer continues have an admiration and affection for the brand, but we must ensure that we've product that is compelling and relevant to her lifestyle, supporting -- supported by marketing, the more effectively connects her emotionally with the brand. Turning to Stuart Weitzman. While top line sales results were weak, we did make progress on a number of key strategic initiatives in the quarter. In product, we broadened our footwear offering beyond boots and sandals, notably with growth in sneakers and keeping with market trends. We continue to build our awareness globally. Our fall campaign, the featured Kendall Jenner and Yang Mi garnered over a billion impressions. We also drove local buzz and editorial coverage in China following the Plaza 66 pop-up launch in Shanghai and landing the cover of Vogue China. As we look forward, we are working to improve our execution from concept to market. Simply put, this means offering fashion innovation, while ensuring that we meet our high quality expectations and delivery on commitments. Stuart Weitzman has always represented a fusion of fashion and fit, a key differentiator for the brand one that is highly valued by our customers. Therefore we're addressing our challenges through investment in talent, operational process improvements and a focus on the fashion sensibility of the core design aesthetic. I'm confident we can leverage the brand's core equities to drive revenue growth and improved profitability. To recap, we delivered first quarter results that were in line with our plan and our teams are now focused on the holiday season. These are exciting times at Tapestry and there is continued opportunity to better connect consumers with our brands. Each of our brands have powerful equities that resonate meaningfully with distinct consumer segments, bringing diversification to our portfolio. Each brand leverages Tapestry's infrastructure and core capabilities, including local market knowledge and a wealth of talent to drive significant benefits. With that, let's turn to Joanne for the financial review of the quarter and our outlook. Joanne?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Jide, and good morning, everyone. As Jide has just taken you through the highlights and strategies, I will cover some of the important financial details of the quarter as well as our outlook for fiscal year '20. Before I began, please keep in mind that my comments are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results and the related reconciliations can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. In addition, as noted in our press release, beginning in fiscal year '20, we are presenting the impact of foreign currency gains and losses within other expense and income. Accordingly, our Q1 results are presented on this basis and our prior year results have been recast for comparability. Turning to our first quarter financial results. Total sales were in line with our expectations, with revenue declining 2% on a reported basis and 1% in constant currency. As Jide mentioned, Coach showed continued momentum with global comps increasing 1%. Kate Spade revenue declined by 6% with comps decreasing 16% in line with our projection, while Stuart Weitzman sales decreased 9% reflecting softer wholesale demand. Gross margin was down 20 basis points in the quarter, primarily due to FX headwinds at Coach. In addition, gross margin results reflected incremental pressure related to tariffs, principally at Kate Spade given the brand's higher penetration of ready-to-wear and jewelry, which are primarily manufactured in China. At Stuart Weitzman, gross margin expanded significantly driven by channel mix with the growth in direct sales. SG&A for the quarter was even with prior year and better than forecast as we tightly controlled cost in the context of a challenging environment. We also benefited from favorable expense timing with some costs originally planned for Q1, now shifting into the second quarter. Favorability in SG&A was partially offset by an FX loss in the quarter, primarily related to the devaluation of the RMB. Earnings per share of $0.40 was ahead of our guidance of $0.35 to $0.37. During the quarter, as highlighted in our press release, across Tapestry, we added a net of four locations driven by international expansion at Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. We ended the quarter with 1,544 directly operated stores globally. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. At the end of the quarter, cash and short-term investments were approximately $788 million, while borrowings outstanding were $1.6 billion consisting primarily of senior notes. As noted in our press release, during the quarter, we recorded impairment charges of $76 million related to store assets including the lease assets recorded in connection with the adoption of the new lease accounting standard. Inventory ended the quarter at $880 million, up 7% versus last year, consistent with our expectations for sequential improvement during the quarter. We expect inventories to remain elevated in the second quarter, but end the fiscal year approximately even with last year. For the first quarter, net cash from operating activities was an inflow of $6 million versus an outflow of $19 million a year-ago. CapEx spending was $72 million versus $55 million a year-ago and reflected the shift in spend from the fourth quarter as mentioned on our August call. We continue to expect CapEx to be approximately $300 million for the year. Free cash flow for the quarter with an outflow of $66 million versus an outflow of $75 million last year. Now turning to capital allocation. In this fiscal year, we're dedicating our resources to driving organic growth rather than pursuing strategic acquisitions, while returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. To that end and consistent with our expectations for the fiscal year, we bought back $300 million of common stock in the first quarter. Together with our current annual dividend payout, we're on track to return approximately $700 million to shareholders this fiscal year. Moving to our 2020 outlook. Consistent with our prior practice, the following guidance is presented on a non-GAAP basis and replaces all previous guidance, starting with the second quarter. We are projecting revenue to be similar to prior year. This guidance incorporates continued low single-digit comp growth at Coach. At Kate Spade, we expect comps to decline at a high single-digit rate, while revenue at Stuart Weitzman is expected to be approximately even with last year. Operating income is expected to decline in the quarter due to a contraction in gross margin as well as mid single-digit increase in SG&A growth, including the shift in timing of expenses from the first quarter. We expect earnings-per-share to be $0.95 to $1 in Q2. Now turning to our full-year outlook where we are reaffirming key elements of our guidance. We continue to expect total revenues for Tapestry to increase at a low single-digit rate from fiscal 2019. This includes the expectation for low single-digit growth at Coach, driven by continued positive low single-digit comps. We expect Kate Spade to deliver low to mid single digit sales growth driven by distribution. At Stuart Weitzman, we now project slight growth, reflecting weaker than expected performance in Q1 as well as continued soft wholesale demand. In addition, we are still projecting a modest decline in gross margin for the year, including the negative impacts associated with bringing the Kate Spade footwear business in-house in the second half of the fiscal year along with pressure's from currency, primarily at Coach. The gross margin projection now also incorporates the impact of non-U.S tariffs on imports from China, including the 30% tariff on handbags and small leather goods enacted on October 1 as well as the 15% tariff for categories such as footwear, ready-to-wear and jewelry. For context, we have a diversified manufacturing base and our exposure to China is relatively limited for handbags and small leather goods where we've migrated our production. However, in footwear, ready-to-wear and jewelry, which are smaller but fast-growing categories for Tapestry, we currently have more exposure to China. We continue to expect SG&A growth to be approximately in-line with top line growth, reflecting the important investments we've made in the long-term health of our business, including systems, new stores and regional buybacks. Net interest expense is now expected to be approximately $50 million for the year, reflecting lower interest income related to the recent federal rate cuts. The full-year tax rate is still projected to be approximately 17.5%. Overall, we continue to project earnings per diluted share to be roughly even with last year. Touching on distribution. Across Tapestry, our distribution expansion efforts will focus on international markets. By brand, we expect little change in our Coach directly operated store count with closures in North America offset by modest net openings in international markets. At Stuart Weitzman, we expect to open a net of 15 to 20 locations globally. And at Kate Spade, we're projecting 30 to 40 net openings in this fiscal year. In closing, we are focused on sharpening our execution and delivering our financial plan with the important holiday season underway. As Jide discussed, we're working to address both near-term and long-term opportunities with a consumer centric mindset.0 We are also looking to be more agile and invest in areas that maximize returns. Overall, our strategic initiatives are intended to drive sustainable growth and productivity across our brands and unlock the inherent value in our multi-brand model. At the same time, we're committed to returning meaningful capital to shareholders supported by our strong balance sheet and cash flows. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim.
Bob Drbul: Hi. good morning. I guess my first question, Jide, I know its early days, but can you just give us your assessment of the business from where we are and why you are still a proponent of the multi-brand strategy, assuming that you’re?
Jide Zeitlin: Terrific. Good morning, Bob, and thank you for your question. Let me address it perhaps both through a rearview mirror perspective as well as one that’s forward looking. So as noted, 60 days end and my perspective I believe is balanced somewhere between realism and optimism. If we take a look backwards for just a moment, we did what we told you we would do, right? We delivered an inline quarter and the start to the year was as expected. We repurchased $300 million in stock and we're on track to return a total of $700 million to our shareholders this fiscal year inclusive clearly of our dividend. And this represents an increase of 40% year-on-year and underscores our commitment to return capital to our owners. And then lastly backward looking, we’ve maintained our outlook for fiscal year '20 even in the face of internal and external headwinds such as Hong Kong. That said, looking forward, we need to sharpen our focus on execution. And as such, we're asking a lot of hard questions here internally. First principles for us are to focus on driving organic growth and you heard me say a number times in my prepared comments and you heard Joanne also reiterated, we are very focused on being consumer centric. And what we mean by that? We really mean that we need to ensure that our core consumer is at the heart of everything we do from product to marketing to store design. And this is a key element of the work that we’ve launched here in recent weeks. We need to make sure that we're really in a position to how relevant brand stories that really connect our consumers with the values of our brands. The second, real area of focus is on as you drive growth, how do you really ensure that you’ve got operating leverage in the business. So how was it that we can become more agile, more efficient and really do believe that there is an opportunity to better leverage the data and technology to increase our speed to market. We also need to be more efficient frankly in productive across many different areas from market strategies, in terms of concept to market strategies, in terms of product assortment, in terms of our stores and also the ways that we work. And I think if we’re able to do this, it will allow us to ultimately unlock resources and -- that we can distort in terms of investing more in brand building, at the same time is returning capital to our shareholders. More specifically to your -- to the part of your question on our multi-brand strategy, one of the things that clearly we're very focused on how to unlock even further benefits of our multi-brand model. And I very much believe that our brands are stronger together as a result of our shared platform. This said, let's acknowledge that Tapestry is a relatively young multi-brand company and we're doing a lot of work to better define that balance between corporate and brand functions, and do so in a way that’s appropriate to our brands and to our culture. So the diagnostic work has just begun, but it's one that we’re moving forward with quite rapidly and we want to include it relatively soon, so that we're in a position to address both near-term and long-term opportunities. We are clear that we face a number of challenges and we're clear about those challenges. At the same time, frankly, we're confident that these challenges are fixable and the [technical difficulty] that the solutions are largely within our control. So as we go forward, we are committed to being transparent in our communications and we will openly acknowledge where we see issues and at the same time we are going to move very swiftly to apply the learnings from the work we’ve done in the learnings from just the deep experience in this organization. Thank you, Bob.
Bob Drbul: Got it. And if I could just ask a second question, I think the guidance is for sequential Kate Spade improvement in comps in the second quarter. I just wanted to know if you could just give us a read in terms of your confidence in there? What are the key drivers that you’re seeing within that business on the sequential improvement expected? Thanks.
Jide Zeitlin: Absolutely, Bob, and hopefully nothing, if not consistent on that front in terms of being very focused on our product architecture, in terms of broadening that, being very focused on our merchandising. So introducing more color, for example, in outlet really working to find that right balance between sophistication and faithful witty elements in our product and in our marketing and in our store environment that are consistent with the brand. So it's a lot of -- kind of a very fundamental steps in terms just broadening the reach of the brand and of the product and of the business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Irwin Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Irwin Boruchow: Hey. Good morning, everyone. So my one question will be regarding the progress at Kate Spade. So I guess just curious, within your guidance for the fiscal year, is there a plan to see a positive comp in any quarter for the remainder of the fiscal year? And then, just when we kind of think about the inflection in the business that is going to loom at some point. Jide, would you expect to see comps inflect positive before or able to see Kate's margin stabilize or could EBIT margin actually begin to improve ahead of comp growth. Just trying to understand the cost side, the pricing side, basically what’s going on at the brand overall.
Jide Zeitlin: You cut out just a moment. Do you mind repeating the second half of your question? I got the first half in terms of -- would you mind repeating the second half?
Irwin Boruchow: Yes. I was just basically asking is it possible that we could see the Kate Spade EBIT margins stabilize ahead of comp growth? Just trying to understand on the cost side and pricing, like how do we think about EBIT margin inflection in relation to comp inflection?
Jide Zeitlin: Yes, understood. So a couple of things. First of all, we are calling for sequential improvement as the year unfolds and particularly in the second half of the year. Footwear will be additive to the business as we brought in that license in the second half of the year. And in terms of calling specifically a positive comp or calling margin enhancement, that’s not something that I’m prepared to do at this moment.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Yes, I can jump in. Our guidance thus reflects sequential improvement in the Kate business as we see those merchandising actions really gain traction as we move through the year. Near-term we expect some gross margin challenges related to both tariff pressure, which is more exacerbated at the Kate Spade brand based on the penetration of ready-to-wear and footwear and jewelry, which are manufactured in China. Although we are working on diversifying our sourcing in that brand there are near-term pressures related to tariffs as well as bringing footwear in-house although it will have a top line benefit, it will have a -- versus the license agreement it will weigh on margins a bit in the back half. And then, we expect some heightened promotional activity as we clear through some inventory levels at Kate. So that’s the near-term story of gross margin for the brand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I guess my question today is on the Coach brand and the consistency there. You’ve referenced the North American business bit flat. Could you share kind of what you saw between full price in outlet during the quarter? And then what did tourism into the North American market looks like this quarter in context relative to the prior view? Thank you so much.
Jide Zeitlin: Thank you. Josh?
Josh Schulman: Yes, I will take that one. Good morning, Erinn. As we said, the North America market was flat quarter this quarter and given the tough trends in both retail and outlet mall traffic, we were pleased with our ability to outperform the mall traffic in both of those relative sectors. And we did that through a variety of methods. You can see the -- there was an acceleration in our strategy around collaborations and we saw that when we do those, those tend to drive big inflection in traffic, particularly in the outlet malls. So we thought that with Disney in July, we had a graffiti artist capsule in August and so we’ve been getting better at executing those and we see the traffic cost in outlet. Jide also mentioned something on the horizon. Our big Star Wars collaboration which will be hitting in advance of Black Friday this year. So that’s something to look forward to on that front. Your question about tourism, tourism has been tough for all of fiscal '19 and that trend continued into Q1. So the traction that we've seen in North America retail and outlet has been primarily through the domestic customer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Walvis of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Walvis: Great. Thanks so much. A little bit of a follow-up to the previous question. Can you talk a little bit about that the Coach brand continues to deliver solid results in North America, despite challenges seen elsewhere. Can you comment on the backdrop for consumer spending and overall retail traffic, where are we versus where we are 3 months ago? How are you expecting those trends to progress?
Josh Schulman: You know it's been very consistent. The data that we see about the consumer is that the consumer is in a good place. However, the traffic has been challenging consistently through fiscal '19 and into Q1 and whether that’s retail malls or the outlet malls, the traffic has been tough. And so that really speaks to the execution of the teams in-house there driving excitement, so that we get an outsize share of the traffic that is coming to the mall and increasingly the customer shopping in an omni-channel ecosystem and engaging with us online where we’re seeing very robust growth. And when we talked about the digital growth and international growth outpacing a lot of that digital growth that’s happening in North America obviously.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen & Company.
Oliver Chen: Hi.
Jide Zeitlin: Good morning, Oliver.
Oliver Chen: Jide, regarding -- good morning. Regarding the brand architecture at Kate Spade, what’s your hypothesis regarding balance and thinking about product versus some entity versus novelty? And as we seek to understand the opportunity ahead at Kate Spade, would love your thoughts on sequencing the change, because there's different things that are happening whether it would be silhouettes, options and thinking about the speed of execution? Would love your thoughts on how this unfolds and how are you thinking about timing and what should come earlier versus later as you also test read and react in the marketplace? Thank you.
Jide Zeitlin: Thank you. So let me just make an overall comments about Kate, because questions come up a number of times. And we talk a lot about and you’ve heard us and both Joanne and me talk in our opening comments and Josh in his last response about kind of brand equities and connecting consumers emotionally with these values. And as you know that’s a process that is part science and part are -- but it's also a 100% experience and its one where -- when you look at a premium fashion brand you do not turn it on the dine. And so you go back 6 or 7 years when we had overextended the Coach brand, the process of rebuilding the health of that critical brand did not happen overnight. And I still personally remember how there was a period of time after we taken some dramatic steps to reconnect the brand with its core consumer when we did not immediately see green shoots. So we had to at that time have confidence in the relevance of our brand values and in the experience of brand building. And in many ways, Oliver, this is where we are met today with Kate Spade, right? Since acquiring the brand we’ve changed both the creative and commercial leadership of the brand. We understand what the process is for building brand health and growing the business. And we also as part of that, we understand that it's not a straight line, but it's one that we believe will -- we will get right. It's just -- it's part of our DNA. And I got -- we really believe we're not telling ourselves stories, we are not telling you stories, when we look at the core pillars of this brand and we see a lot of white space, a lot of alignment with the values, the desires of a large group of consumers globally. So the brand work we’ve done and more recently done with the help of some outside consultants, since I became CEO has only confirmed and deepened our internal analysis in terms of just the size of potential market that really has a alignment with the Kate Spade brand pillars. So, as I said earlier we are -- when working with premium fashion brands, positioning yourself for sustained growth has not happened in a straight line. It's a process that we know well and it's a process that we're confident that we will get right. There are a number of near-term tactical steps that we're taking including adding more novelty to the product line, broadening the assortment in specially, particularly around satchels, more innovation in outlet. But all of those are steps or durations along the way towards a process that we've went through before and that we’re confident that we will ultimately get right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Great. Good morning. Thank you. I wanted to ask a question on Coach. So recently the Coach comp has been led by international. Just given the pull forward in Japan that benefited Q1 and some of the intensifying pressure in Hong Kong, does the performance in North America need to accelerate in order for the brand to maintain its positive comps? Overall, I’m just trying to better understand your level of confidence and the sustainability of the positive comps at Coach, given some of those intensifying macro pressures internationally? Thank you.
Josh Schulman: Good morning. We continue to be confident in our ability to drive low single-digit comp for the remainder of the year. in each quarter. And we understand that there will be puts and takes given some of the macro trends, but we are confident in our guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Trussell of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Trussell: Good morning. Thanks for taking our question. I wanted to ask about gross margins. Perhaps, first starting with the reported quarter, maybe break down for us some of the puts and takes across FX, product sourcing costs, mix and days of promotion in terms of the overall companies and specifically the Coach banners, GPM, and how should we think about those same puts and takes looking forward?
Jide Zeitlin: Yes. This is Joanne, Paul. I will jump on that. The gross margin it makes sense I think that this aggregate by brand and talk about what happened in Q1. In the Coach brand, the gross margin performance was primarily driven by FX, so they decrease in gross margin. Promo activity was up a little bit, but much less than what we saw in Q4. In Kate Spade, the gross margin performance was fairly stable year-over-year and far or less promotional than we had been in Q4. We were very focused on carefully balancing promotional activity and brand health in the Kate Spade brand and that continues to be a focus as we move forward. And with Stuart Weitzman, we saw a significant increase in gross margin primarily due to channel mix with the increase in direct business through the impact of the distributor buybacks that we've invested in a new store openings that we’ve seen there. So that was the story for the first quarter. As we look to gross margin for the year, the modest decline in gross margin -- really, the mix at Hong Kong impacting Coach, in Kate Spade along with I should say, along with FX pressures in the Coach brand. In Kate Spade we continue to see pressures as we right size inventory. So there will be some promotional pressures related to tariffs as I mentioned before. And related to bringing footwear in-house, which again as -- from the change from being a licensed business to bringing in-house weighs [ph] a little bit on our gross margins there. So those are the primary contributors to the gross margin outlook for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Omar Saad of ISI.
Omar Saad: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Jide, as a follow-up to the multi-brand question. Maybe you could talk about your assessment of some of the kind of core competencies and capabilities, especially in the digital arena that Tapestry, the operating group has that it can really bring to bear unique capabilities and technologies it can bring to bear across multiple brands. where do you think some of those competencies are that we can watch unfold across all three brands over the coming years? Thanks.
Jide Zeitlin: Thank you, Omar. A couple of comments there. First, in terms of broadly some of the benefits of the multi-brand and then we will talk to more specifically to digitally, but as you likely heard us talk about before, first, it's just a diversified earnings stream reduces the pressure on -- not to be overly reliant on any one brand. Two, stronger -- we are stronger when dealing with landlords whether buy marketing, advertising and as well as creating a more robust platform for top tier talent to want to be on and so that is -- those are some of the benefits. As you’ve heard us talk about in earlier calls, we’ve also talked extensively about our data labs capability that we've built now over time that allows us to both take a very deep database and leverage the insights from that database everywhere from marketing to a promotional cadence to really thinking through our brand alignment in terms of product as well as store environment. Our new Chief Digital Officer, Noam, has really brought a lot of capacity to bear in terms of thinking through an enterprise plan that allows us to drive kind of efficiency across the platform. So we're actually one of the key aspects of the work we’re doing right now in terms of diagnostic work is very focused on how to better leverage our digital capability and that’s literally everything from thinking about strategic partners with people such -- with entity such as Tmall and how do we deepen that to thinking about other ways so in an omni-channel world, meeting our customer where she or he most looks to engage with the product. And there's some -- I think one of the benefits of this combination that we've talked about of experience management with new leaders coming in, is there have been certain aspects of digital that have perhaps been a little bit more out of -- ones that the organization was less willing to engage with that we're very much open to thinking about how whether or not it makes sense for us to engage with until leverage is part of driving the top line growth of this business.
Josh Schulman: Just building on what Jide mentioned, I think a great example of this is our work with Tmall. As we’ve mentioned, we’ve recently launched Coach on Tmall with a soft launch in September and we’ve seen terrific results with 90% of the customers being new customers to the brand, and with known partnership we're going to be able to more quickly leverage those learnings across not just Coach, but the other brand. So there's a lot of work here on how we can leverage insights from each other's digital activities for the greater good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti of Credit Suisse.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking all of our questions here. Let me ask you on -- Jide, I would love to know, if you’re willing to share whether the brands are trending today inline of our your outlook for the quarter? I know the low single-digit for Coach and high singles for Kate. And whether that includes the negative snapback in Japan that you guys have seen in the past after some of the change -- the spike and the change in the tax rate? And I guess bigger picture point though on Coach, on the Coach brand and the leverage point there. I’ve to say with that brand is -- its been remarkably consistent through good times and bad and where is the leverage point on that brand? Now you’ve done a nice a job of growing same-store sales for the past few years in that low single-digit rate. But the margins have been up every year. How do you think about the sustainability of that dynamic, given some of the natural inflation in that business.
Jide Zeitlin: Absolutely. So why don’t I start and then Josh, you may want to jump in. First, its early days in the quarter and our guidance that we’ve given in terms of full-year guidance is predicated on our current view in terms of outlook for the quarter end and beyond. So I wouldn’t say a lot more than that. But one comment I will make in terms of just Coach and the opportunity there, I very much believe and a lot of the initial work that we’re doing is that there is actually substantial opportunity over the intermediate to long-term to actually to drive organic growth there to even more closely align the core brand values with where we believe consumers are today and where consumers are going. So if anything -- some of the early days of the work that we're doing would suggest that there is greater growth opportunity there as opposed to what I think was implicit in your question in terms of the opposite of that.
Josh Schulman: So I will comment actually on both aspects of the question. Just a few things to watch out for in the upcoming holiday season. With Coach, I mentioned the Star Wars collaboration in outlet. And we are also super excited about Coach's appearance as the first fashion luxury brand in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. And all of us will be watching on Thanksgiving morning as our mascot Rexy, flows to down Broadway. I think that’s an example of the power of Coach. Coach is a powerful brand that has always astute for inclusivity and how we can even more fully own that in a culturally relevant way. We are pleased with Coach and that the base we start with is a well-run machine with a 27% operating margin today. And as we think about product opportunities for us, our strategy is really focused on innovation in our core. We’ve talked about the need to innovate in the good, better and best price bucket. This quarter we specifically called out our handbag AUR in the outlet channel. We know a lot of you’ve been on the journey with us here, particularly in North America and we're so pleased with the progress that our teams are making on introducing new differentiated product, but also leveraging some of the insights from our data labs. In terms of finessing their promotional strategies to drive a better AUR. So innovation in core is key, because leather goods are today and will always be the core of Coach. Secondly, collaboration and co-creation. Whether that is a big traffic driving collaboration that we've done. We’ve mentioned Star Wars, which is coming up in the future. We’ve mentioned Disney, which drive a lot of traffic and sales, or Jide mentioned in his prepared remarks, a collaboration with Michael B. Jordan and Naruto, much smaller in scale actually driving scarcity and brand heat, both of those are super important. And then, the third category of our focus here in product are acceleration categories. And as we’ve said that there are opportunities for us in footwear, in men's and to a lesser extent EEE in ready-to-wear, all of which are important focus is for us and you will be hearing more about our important footwear launch of the City Sole family, which we will launch in spring. City Sole is a new sneaker and a hybrid category, to be clear.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rick Patel of Needham.
Rick Patel: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. My question is on Kate Spade. So given what you’re seeing with traffic, can you provide some additional color on the outlook for marketing? I’m curious if you will invest more in performance-based marketing or higher up the funnel, what you can do differently there. And as we think about financials, any context on how much marketing investment may change relative to last year?
Jide Zeitlin: Yes. I will say this, we don’t anticipate any significant shifts in our marketing spend as we go forward. And although we are one of the conversations that we’ve had a lot of discussion on internally is the mix of performance versus brand building. And if you take a look at last year second quarter, we didn't spend effectively anything on marketing. This year we will spend on marketing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nagel of Oppenheimer.
Brian Nagel: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So my one question, bigger picture, today and over the last few quarters we’ve been discussing the kind of the weakness. And you’ve done a really nice job of outlining the initiatives you’re taking -- you undertake to drive better results at Kate and even Coach. But the question I have is, as we step back, how much of the weakness in the bags -- and again this is mostly Kate, but even to a certain extend Coach, you think is a function of internal missteps versus some shifts in the competitive landscape. And then the other question on top of that is, is there still within the context of your multi-brand strategy, is there still enough differentiation between Coach and Kate that they’re not cannibalizing one another? Thank you.
Jide Zeitlin: Yes. Thank you and in many ways both questions are I think -- asking the same question in two different ways. But the work that we’re doing is really intended to make sure, first part of it is to really make sure we get underneath the brand equity and that we have real clarity as to a distinct consumer basis for each of the brands. And the work we’ve done so far built on top of internal work that’s been done, does underscore that they’re distinct consumer basis. And as such, we think as we execute against those consumer basis that you will see even probably greater distinction between the positioning of the products and the brands between each of the brands. That said, inherent in that is a view that the Kate Spade brand, I’m sorry to repeat myself, but the Kate Spade brand does speak very clearly to a substantial core consumer, somebody who was looking for action, who is looking for fun, who is looking for a feminine product. And we think that there is a reasonable amount of white space around that positioning that creates real opportunity for that brand. So we're optimistic, but also mindful of the real work ahead of us to more fully achieve that potential.
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question will come from the line of Paul [indiscernible] of Citi.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey. Thanks, guys. You guys have talked about some industry headwinds facing the business. I’m curious would you consider to be the greatest pressure points in that North America business? Maybe talk about by brand, and if any of those headwinds are actually shown some signs of improvement or are they working against you even further? Thanks.
Jide Zeitlin: Right. So why don’t we -- I mean the big headwind that we’ve talked about is traffic here domestically and largely driven by a fall off in tourism. But why don’t we perhaps start with Coach and then we can talk as appropriate about the other brands.
Josh Schulman: Yes. I think we touched on it earlier. We are --overall, we're geographically agnostic in terms of where we are recognizing the revenue. So traffic -- tourist traffic trends ebb and flow over time, but clearly they have impacted North America now for a ongoing period. And that really just forces us to be sharper on our focus for the domestic customer and how do we get better serving the domestic customer. I think historically we may have had stores that were more tourist centric and those ones are being challenged to the most. But even in those locations, how do we focus most on the domestic customer, and what we find is that per shopping habits are changing. So when it's a domestic customer, she is more often to start her shopping during the online and want to continue that in the store channel, so how do we become more symbiotic between those channels in catering to the evolving needs of the domestic customer, really is one of our biggest focuses.
Jide Zeitlin: And just very briefly in terms of Kate Spade, the traffic trends are consistent there. So nothing really different to say there. And on Stuart Weitzman, the challenges, the historical one coming out of our supply chain challenges, which had an impact on our order book with -- at wholesale, which were very, very much focused on addressing. So thank you for the question.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: That will conclude our Q&A. Jide, I will turn it over to you for some brief closing comments.
Jide Zeitlin: Terrific. Thank you, Andrea. I want to just take a moment to thank our shareholders. We are mindful that it is your capital that enables us to come to work every day, seeking to connect consumers emotionally with our powerful brands. We take our responsibility as stewards of your capital very seriously. To my fellow employees, thank you for everything you do for our customers and thank you for your contributions to the culture of this house of remarkable brands. I’m grateful for the opportunity to work with each of you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for participating in this Tapestry conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-08-15 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Tapestry Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Christina Colone, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Christina Colone: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly and annual results are Victor Luis, Tapestry’s Chief Executive Officer and Andrea Shaw Resnick, Tapestry’s Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information as well as the related reconciliations on our website www.tapestry.com/investors and then viewing the earnings release and the presentation slides posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor will provide an overview of our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results for Tapestry as well as our three brands. Andrea will continue with details on the financial and operational results and our outlook for FY ‘20. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn Tapestry’s President and Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer; Josh Schulman, CEO and Brand President of Coach; and Joanne Crevoiserat, Tapestry’s recently appointed CFO. Following Q&A, we will conclude with some brief summary remarks. I would now like to turn it over to Victor Luis, Tapestry’s CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thank you, Christina and welcome everyone. As noted in our press release, 2019 was a year of meaningful evolution for Tapestry. Importantly, we made significant progress on our strategic initiatives against a difficult retail backdrop in North America. Touching on results by brand, we achieved solid and consistent performance at Coach, which speaks to the success of our transformation strategy, driving brand health and vibrancy. For the year, Coach’s international and digital channels led, while the brand also outperformed its direct competition in North America. Coach’s performance is key for two important reasons. First, Coach is the core of Tapestry. We understand that driving sustainable growth at Coach is essential to the success of our company overall. Therefore, we are incredibly proud of the brand’s results in spite of the volatile backdrop. Second, this performance reinforces our strategic intent to diversify our acquired brands across geographies and channels. Turning to Stuart Weitzman, we made advancements across product, people and processes, returning the business to top line growth. The SW team remains focused on driving improved profitability in the year ahead. At Kate Spade, we launched a new creative vision for the brand. And while there have been some green shoots, we clearly need more time to drive an inflection to positive comps, especially given the brand’s exposure to the competitive and traffic challenged North America market. We acknowledge that there are opportunities and are addressing those areas with a sense of urgency. As we look ahead, we are revising our outlook for FY ‘20 to reflect the current trends in our business, notably at Kate Spade. We believe this is prudent, particularly in light of the uncertain environment in North America and while we build the brand’s awareness in global markets. Importantly, with continued momentum at the Coach brand, our priority is to fuel an acceleration in our acquired businesses to unlock the power of our multi-brand platform. Therefore, while our long-term vision is unchanged, we are modifying our capital allocation policy in fiscal 2020 dedicating our resources to driving organic growth and do not expect to pursue strategic acquisitions. We are focused on balancing the investment in our brands to drive growth with the return to capital, with the return of capital to shareholders. To this end, we plan to increase the capital we return to shareholders, repurchasing approximately $300 million of common stock, while maintaining our annual dividend, resulting in the total payout of nearly $700 million. Overall, we remain steadfast in our vision and are focused on maximizing the benefits of our global multi-brand platform. Now, turning to our FY ‘19 milestones and FY ‘20 priorities across our strategic pillars. First, we made significant progress in reinforcing the foundation of our distinctive multi-brand platform in fiscal 2019. We generated the anticipated synergies from the integration of Kate Spade into our portfolio, which funded in part our key strategic initiatives. To this point, we made material investments in Tapestry’s infrastructure implementing Phases 1 and 2 of our ERP system in FY ‘19 with the third and final phase just launched last week, all without business interruption. We could not be proud of our teams for their diligence and hard work throughout this multiyear projects. We launched comprehensive 2025 corporate responsibility goals, recognizing our role as a leader in our industry to effect change and solidifying our commitment to social responsibility. These goals are consistent with the values led culture that we are building. And we brought in key new Tapestry leaders, Noam Paransky, Chief Digital Officer; Tom Glaser COO, and most recently, Joanne Crevoiserat as our CFO to help set and execute our strategic agenda. Looking ahead to FY ‘20, we are focused on leveraging the investments we have made in our platform. Specifically, our investments in our ERP system will help to drive standardization across the organization. In addition, we are excited to benefit from Tom Glaser’s unique and deep operational experience in multi-brand, multi category fashion supply chains. One of our key initiatives led by Tom will be to identify opportunities to improve our demand to production planning cycle, while increasing our speed to market across categories. This is especially important as we accelerate product innovation and the number of customization programs within our brands. It will also be important as we bring the Kate Spade footwear business in-house in the second half of the fiscal year, which I will touch on shortly. Next, driving global growth, in FY ‘19, we expanded our international presence through both distributor acquisitions and new store openings in key regions. This allows us to directly control and drive our business internationally capitalizing on our scale and market knowledge across brands. Importantly, we also gained traction with Chinese consumers globally, which as of FY ‘19 represented a high-teens percentage of Tapestry sales and where we see tremendous opportunity for growth. Throughout the year, we drove awareness for our brands with targeted events and marketing campaigns featuring locally relevant influencers, first for Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. And perhaps the most significant highlight of FY ‘19 was Coach’s first ever runway show in Shanghai, which garnered 1.6 billion impressions. Turning to FY ‘20, capturing growth with the Chinese consumers for all brands remains a key strategic initiative. Our focus will be creating seamless and innovative experiences both offline and online as we continue to translate each of our brand’s key messages into locally relevant content, which takes us to digital and data labs where we are building the skills and capabilities that truly differentiate us from the competitive set. During the fiscal year, we officially launched Tapestry’s Data Labs portal, a personalized suite of data science and AI tools that are changing the way we use and interact with data, providing access to those on the frontlines of our business. As mentioned, we recently welcomed Noam Paransky as our new Chief Digital Officer to lead our company-wide digital innovation agenda. He will play a key role as our enterprise leader to deliver innovative omni-channel experiences across all our customer digital touchpoints. His objective is to create a scalable Tapestry global digital ecosystem, comprised of people, process and technology to enable global teams to act locally with greater agility and at greater velocity. Noam has hit the ground running. We are excited to announce the launch of China Next, an agenda focused on the China market. Adding fuel to our digital leadership on Sina Weibo and WeChat, this initiative connects two of Tapestry’s key strategic priorities, driving digital innovation and growing our business with Chinese consumers. And not only are we focused on driving local engagement, we expect our China Next digital innovation agenda to provide learnings that we can leverage on a global scale. Overall, driving advancements in digital and Data Labs will be an important area of focus in FY ‘20 and we look forward to updating you on our progress in the quarters ahead. And finally, brand innovation, nothing is more important than this. As a brand-led and consumer-centric company, our goal is to nurture authentic innovative brands to capture the opportunities within the attractive and growing premium bags and small leather goods footwear and outerwear categories. We estimate that these combined categories totaled $95 billion and grew at a high single-digit rate on an organic basis in FY ‘19. This growth was led by bags and accessories which topped an estimated $50 billion and grew at an estimated high single-digit rate in FY ‘19 or a mid to high single-digit rate in U.S. dollars given the appreciation of the dollar for both the fourth quarter and the year. With that, I will move into our performance by brand starting with Coach. Global comparable store sales rose 2% in the fourth quarter led by outperformance in our international channels and across our e-commerce platforms consistent with the previous quarter. The drivers of our positive global brick-and-mortar comparable store sales were conversion, reflecting our strong product offering as well as traffic. This was Coach’s seventh consecutive quarter of comp store sales growth. By region, we delivered overall positive comps across all of our international regions, including Europe, other Asia, Greater China and Japan. Our international wholesale business also rose on a POS basis in the quarter. Comps in North America was flat to the prior year, accelerating sequentially, including the positive impact of the shift in timing of Easter, along with the negative impact of continued pressure from lowest tourist spend as well as ongoing volatility in Daigou or reseller activity. In addition, our North America wholesale shipments were above prior year and our business at POS increased despite a lower level of promotional event days. We are particularly proud of the brand’s sequential improvement in North America in light of the weekend traffic trends in both outlet and full-priced retail malls. We believe this speaks to the vibrancy of the brand, which is outperforming its direct accessible luxury peers fueled by innovation across channels and products, marketing and in-store experience. Looking at our progress against the brand strategies for FY ‘19, we drove leather goods innovation across the pyramid of fashion, occasion and price. In retail, our Signature assortment comp-to-comp reflecting the continued demand for this most proprietary brand icon, while in outlet we benefited from our good, better, best strategy in our core women’s handbag business. We fueled brand momentum and sales through collaborations, drops and pop-ups, including Disney, ex-Coach and most recently, a Rexy Remix, a collaboration with Chinese artists, which was featured on the runway of our Shanghai Fashion Show. During the year, we had over 130 pop-ups, engaging with our customers in a new way. We gained traction on lifestyle categories, including footwear and ready-to-wear, while growing our men’s business to almost $900 million at POS. These initiatives were supported by compelling marketing campaigns, which balanced our position as a fashion authority, while broadening our messages. We launched Michael B. Jordan as the first global ambassador of Coach men’s and post innovative culturally relevant and disruptive messages throughout the year. We also drove e-commerce growth and digital innovation globally as we continue to enhance our omni-channel capabilities. Overall, we saw strong double-digit increases in the brand’s followers on Instagram, WeChat and Weibo. Moving forward in FY ‘20, we will first accelerate product innovation and disruption; second, drive fashion authority through cultural relevance tapping into celebrities and influencers; third, inject excitement into stores with light touch, high impact refreshes; and fourth, fuel digital innovation in e-commerce growth benefiting from the enterprise initiatives underway. In summary, we are excited about the seasons ahead and remain confident in our largest brands opportunity for continued growth as we look to accelerate innovation and relevance globally. Moving to Kate Spade and focusing on the fourth quarter. Total sales rose 6% on a reported basis and 7% in constant currency driven by new store distribution as well as the acquisition of the brand’s operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia, which we have not yet anniversaried. Comparable store sales fell below our expectations, declining 6% on an aggregate basis. Conversion comp in our bricks and mortars business accelerated on a sequential basis and was positive for the quarter, reflecting the emerging positive signs we are seeing with Nicola’s new product offering. However, traffic comp was significantly under pressure against the challenging backdrop in North America and compounded by the anniversary of the difficult comparison following the passing of the Brand’s Founder, which drove unusually high traffic as discussed last year. Conversely, our international business was essentially inline with our expectations and on a relative basis significantly outpaced the performance in North America, including positive comps in Greater China. Turning to product, while the penetration of Nicola’s collection was consistent with our expectations in both retail and outlet, clearly, overall sales were not on plan. We feel strongly that we have the right strategic and creative direction based on customers’ response to the brand’s new iconic elements and strength we are seeing in select handbag offerings, such as the Margot, Molly and Nicola families, and most recently, the introduction of [indiscernible]. We have also experienced traction in jewelry and ready-to-wear. However, we were missing breadth of choice in key silhouettes, such as wear-to-work [indiscernible], as well as in the diversity of material ways. In addition, during the quarter, we introduced previous retail best selling styles into the outlet channel, Cameron Street and Jackson Street, which did not perform as expected. In short, while we refine the balance across silhouettes and full price, the outlet channel is the need of a much more substantial amount of distinctive newness than we planned. Looking forward, our overarching objectives for Kate Spade remain unchanged, leveraging the brand’s unique positioning of optimistic femininity and leadership in the attributes of fashionable and fun. That said we felt it was important to provide you with some additional color on the specific actions underway to immediately address the areas of opportunity. First, we are applying our product and merchandising learnings by launching additional [indiscernible] and keeping with the brand’s feminine aesthetic updated in modern and relevant ways. We are introducing new designs in a broader range of high-quality materials that provide the structure, durability and functionality that the Kate Spade brand is known for. We also believe there is an opportunity in cross-bodies and backpacks given the hands-free trend in the market. We are bringing in additional witty and emotional novelty items, which have been hallmarks of the brand both as permanent and limited addition offerings. We are also planning to launch product collaborations across categories to drive excitement and buzz. For holiday, we are launching a new Make It Mine personalization program in both specialty stores and on our e-commerce site, which will feature an updated multifunction bag and accessories offering, designed to appeal to a broad audience. We are also excited by the footwear opportunity for the brand as we take the business in-house from our licensed partner, Steve Madden, beginning in the calendar 2020. We showed our new spring collection at Fannie just last week and the response was very positive as buyers describe the offering as relevant, fun, exciting and truly lifestyle in addressing many usage occasions. For stores, we are continuing to expand our distribution with the focus on international markets. That said we are deliberately pulling back on the number of new store openings for the brand, while we focus on maximizing awareness and productivity. In marketing, we will drive brand awareness and aspiration with both collaborations with global and local celebrities and influencers, leveraging the power of social media and PR buzz across markets. In outlet, we are leaving no stone unturned. We are looking at product design, branding, merchandising, in-store experience and on-mall and direct e-mail marketing. In product, we are focused on accelerating the pace of newness with an assortment that is more clearly differentiated from the Saffiano heavy competitive set. This will also include the launch of new materials, branding elements and collaborations unique to the channel. We are also building out the successful Nicola designed AVA Group. With these measures in place, we have a comprehensive plan to drive an inflection in the business. Overall, we are acting swiftly and decisively applying our learnings to drive positive change and we remain confident in our direction and the $2 billion opportunity for improved profitability. Turning to Stuart Weitzman, in FY ‘19 our priority was to return the brand to top line growth addressing the production challenges we faced exiting FY ‘18. I am pleased that we were successful in doing this with revenue increasing 17% in the fourth quarter on a reported basis and 20% in constant currency driving the mid single-digit gain for the year. We made important advancements in several key areas. In product, we focused on fit and construction, creating foundational pieces that were consistent with the brand’s DNA. We broadened our footwear offering while maintaining our authority, in iconic Stuart Weitzman styles. We also introduced brand new codes that we will build upon in the seasons and years ahead. We gained further credibility in handbags and leather goods, which remains an area of opportunity for the brand. We also drove international expansion, particularly in China, where we doubled our store footprint, including the acquisition of our business in Southern China and we completed the buyback of our operations in Australia, where we will leverage Tapestry’s multi-brand hub. Finally, we evolved the brand’s marketing, featuring a cast of new and culturally relevant global brand ambassadors, distorting our investment to digital. Looking ahead to fiscal 2020, our strategic pillars include: first, enhancing our systems and processes to improve profitability. Key to this will be optimizing the supply chain in the wake of our three of our Phase 3 S4 go-live. Second, maintaining the brand’s boot and sandal authority, while expanding our footwear expression, especially in slacks and sneakers and keeping with current trends. This is paramount as we look to recapture the brand’s leadership position in top tier wholesale accounts. To this end, we were pleased with the initial positive feedback we received from our department store partners during the brand’s spring market presentation last month. Third, driving credibility in handbags through exceptional functionality and differentiated design and branding. Fourth, fueling customer desire through marketing, increased brand awareness globally and acquiring new customers; and fifth, expanding globally with the focus on China building on our current momentum. In summary, we have made significant progress in sharpening the focus of the brand’s core strengths and we remain excited about the opportunities for Stuart Weitzman. To recap, we have a clear vision and a unique global multi-brand platform. Our model is distinctive. We are brand-led and consumer-centric with the culture built-upon values of optimism, innovation and inclusivity. Each of our brands have differentiated attitudes, bringing diversification to our portfolio at the same time each can leverage Tapestry’s core capabilities and infrastructure to drive meaningful synergies. Before I turn it over for the financial review, I would like to welcome our CFO, Joanne Crevoiserat to the team. I know that many of you have had the opportunity to work with her throughout her career. We are delighted that she has joined Tapestry. She has extensive financial and operational experience with established retailers and global brands and brings a unique perspective and important skill set to our Company. I am confident that she is the right person to lead our strong finance team, as we execute our strategic initiatives and long-term vision. Joanne?
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks, Victor. I’m very excited to be here at Tapestry working with the talented teams across the globe as we execute our brand and growth strategies. I’m also looking forward to reconnecting with many of you on the line and meeting those new to me who follow our story in the months ahead.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Joanne and before turning it over to Andrea, I’d like to recognize it for our hard work and energy over the last several months, that she has held the position of Interim CFO. Andrea, wear many hats within our organization. She is a mentor to many, and a key business partner to me and our leadership team, with an unparalleled understanding of our Company and its history. On behalf of our entire leadership team, thank you Andrea for year end less energy and leading the finance team in this period. With that, I’ll now turn the call over to Andrea for a discussion of our financial results, as well as our outlook for fiscal year ‘20.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks, Victor for those kind words, and good morning everyone. Victor has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details as well as our outlook for fiscal year ‘20. Before I begin, please keep in mind that the comments I’m about to make are based on non-GAAP results, corresponding GAAP results, as well as the related reconciliations can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. As Victor mentioned, it was an evolutionary year for the Company, we entered FY ‘19, understanding that it would be one of significant strategic investment as we built the foundation of our multi-brand platform. We also anticipated and achieved meaningful synergies from the successful integration of Kate Spade, in part funding these investments. At the same time, we delivered ongoing top and bottom line increases at Coach, the core of our house. That said, we did not drive the intended growth at Kate Spade and faced incremental industry wide promotional headwinds in the North America outlet channel. Overall, our EPS was in line with our most recent guidance. Now turning to some key financial details of the fourth quarter, sales in the quarter rose 2% on a reported basis and 4% in constant currency, with disparate results by brand. We continue to drive positive same-store sales at Coach and delivered strong sales growth at Stuart Weitzman, lapping a challenging quarter from a year ago, while Kate Spade comps declined 6% in Q4. Consolidated gross margin declined 60 basis points versus prior year. For context, we did project and guide to a gross margin contraction for the quarter pressured by Kate Spade, given the brand’s difficult prior year compare, which included the financial benefit of unusually high full-price selling, following the founder’s passing, as well as the initial realization of synergies. In addition, Kate Spade’s gross margin was further pressured by incremental promotional activity, year-over-year, particularly in the North America outlet channel. In contrast, and importantly, both Coach and Stuart Weitzman delivered gross margin expansion over the prior year. SG&A expenses rose 2% in line with the top line increase. Operating income declined 3% and represented 14.6% of sales as compared to 15.3% in the prior year. Our EPS of $0.61 was a penny above last year and consistent with the implied guidance range for the quarter, reflecting in part a lower-than-expected tax rate. We also commenced our buyback period program during the quarter as reported, repurchasing approximately 3.4 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $29.31 for a total of $100 million. Now, moving to global distribution, as highlighted in our press release across Tapestry, we added a net of 108 locations in FY ‘19 driven by international expansion at Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, including a total of 69 net new openings and 39 stores acquired through regional distributor buybacks. We ended the year with 1,540 directly operated stores globally. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows at the end of the fiscal year, our cash and short-term investments were approximately $1.2 billion, while our borrowings outstanding were $1.6 billion, consisting primarily of senior notes. Inventory levels at year-end were $778 million, an increase of 16%, reflecting in part the unusually low ending inventory balance at Kate Spade in the prior year, given the magnitude of full price selling, following the founder’s passing. In addition, as discussed on our last earnings call, we’ve continued to experience port congestion in Asia, which has resulted in a higher level of in-transit. Importantly, we are confident that we can strategically manage our inventory, given its currency and our multi-channel distribution model. We have a plan to work through our inventory specifically at Kate Spade in a programmatic manner, during the first half of fiscal ‘20, which has been contemplated in our gross margin guidance. For the full year, net cash from operating activities was an inflow of $792 million as compared to an inflow of $997 million a year ago. Our CapEx spending was $274 million versus $267 million a year ago. CapEx spend came in favorable to our expectations primarily to the – due to the timing of cash payments, which shifted into fiscal 2020 Free cash flow for the year with an inflow of $517 million versus an inflow of $729 million last year. And in FY ‘19 we returned a total of approximately $490 million to shareholders through our dividend as well as our recently instituted share repurchase program, representing approximately 95% of our free cash flow for the year. Now turning to our capital allocation policy as Victor mentioned, while our long-term priorities remain unchanged, supported by our strong balance sheet and cash flow, we are modifying our policy in the near term, dedicating our resources to driving organic growth while returning capital to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase program. To that end, in fiscal 2020 we do not expect to pursue a strategic acquisition. Now moving to our 2020 outlook, consistent with our prior practice, the following guidance is presented on a non-GAAP basis and replaces our previous guidance. Starting with Q1, we are projecting revenue in the first quarter to be slightly below prior year, this reflects, low-single digit comp growth at Coach. Kate Spade comps are expected to decline at a high-teens rate based on the current traffic trends we are seeing in the business, and as we address the product and merchandising challenges. We would also expect Stuart Weitzman to post an operating loss in this – its smallest quarter, reflective of wholesale shipment timing. We’re forecasting gross margin for Tapestry to be slightly pressured in the quarter, impacted by FX, notably at Coach, while SG&A is expected to increase, driven by new store openings and higher depreciation associated with our systems investments. Taken together, we expect Tapestry EPS to be in [Technical Difficulty] $0.37 in Q1. Now turning to our full-year outlook, we expect total revenues for Tapestry in fiscal 2020 to increase at a low single digit rate from fiscal ‘19. This includes the expectation for low-single digit growth at Coach, driven by continued positive low-single digit comp. We expect Kate Spade to deliver low to mid-single digit sales growth, driven by distribution. At Stuart Weitzman we expect solid sales growth for the year. In addition, we are projecting a modest decline in Tapestry’s gross margin for the year, including the negative impacts associated with bringing Kate Spade’s footwear business in-house along with pressure from currency. Our gross margin forecast also incorporates the impact of U.S. tariffs on imports from China, including the 25% tariffs on handbags and small leather goods, currently in place, as well as the recently announced 10% tariff on the list of 300 billion of goods expected to go into effect on September 1 for categories such as footwear and ready-to-wear. As you know, we have a diversified manufacturing base and our exposure to China is relatively limited for handbags and small leather goods, where we’ve migrated our production. And while footwear and ready-to-wear are smaller but fast-growing categories for Tapestry, we do have more exposure currently to China. We expect SG&A growth to be approximately inline with top line growth. As you know, we’ve made several important investments in our multi-brand model and our brands over the last few years, which are foundational to our long-term success. These include new store openings and regional buybacks as we focus on expanding our brands and directly managing the customer experience in key international market, and systems to allow us to drive sustainable growth in an increasingly digital world. Net interest expense is expected to be in the area of $45 million to $50 million for the year. The full year fiscal 2020 tax rate is projected to be in the area, 17.5%. And overall, we are projecting earnings per diluted share to be roughly even with prior year. This incorporates the expectation of share repurchase of approximately $300 million in fiscal ‘20. We expect CapEx to be approximately $300 million for the year, which includes the shift in cash payments from 4Q ‘19 as mentioned. Touching briefly on our FY ‘20 directly operated distribution plans, across Tapestry our distribution expansion efforts will focus on international market. By brand, we expect little change in our Coach, directly operated store count with closures in North America, offset by modest net openings internationally. Stuart Weitzman we expect to open a net of 15 to 20 locations globally, and the Kate Spade we’re projecting 30 to 40 net openings in FY ‘20. As noted in our press release this morning, this represents a modestly slower pace of openings at Kate Spade as compared to FY ‘19 and our prior projection as we strategically focus on maximizing the brand’s productivity. In closing, we are focused on executing our vision, supported by a strong balance sheet and cash flows, providing us with important financial and strategic flexibility, while enabling us to return meaningful capital to our shareholders. I’d now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Bob Drbul: Hey, good morning. Joanne, welcome and congratulations. Best of luck.
Joanne Crevoiserat: Thanks Bob.
Bob Drbul: I guess, I’d like to focus just on the Kate Spade brand for a minute. Victor, are you still confident about Kate’s brand health? And I guess when you look at the results this quarter, how did you not see it coming and how will you fix it? When you look at it, contrasting it to the strong Coach brand performance, can you just talk a little bit about that as well? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Okay. Thank you, Bob. Maybe I’ll start with the contrasting with Coach, get into Kate and then Josh can support at the end on the Coach’s performance, which of course is really outperforming, not only here in the U.S. but truly globally against our more direct competitive set, could not be prouder of that team and the work that they’re doing, they’re really hitting on all cylinders. On Kate, as you all know, we saw a significant improvement in the third quarter, and really many emerging signs of the traction post the launch of Nicola’s collection, we saw a positive conversion comps, we launched a new core family in Margot, late followed by Polly which is really checking and increasingly we received, really positive signs across categories, especially ready-to-wear in jewelry with the iconography of working well, that we launched. As we entered Q4 we were optimistic, of course we are supported by the Easter shift and with the amount of newness that we had coming in, starting in the outlet channel. What we saw though was through May, into June, but especially beginning in May was rapid deterioration in the North American environments, traffic declined. And especially in the outlet channel, this led to increasing promotion across competitors. And in fact, I would say across the channel. And as all of you know, Kate is disproportionately impacted, given its nascent international footprint and its dependence on North America relative to the Coach brand. In addition, I would add that Kate simply did not have the level of distinctive newness, that we needed to drive conversion in that channel, especially given the decreasing traffic and especially against the Saffiano heavy competition. For context, when we transformed the Coach brand, one of the strategies that we took early on, when Stuart joined was to take top selling previous full price collections, we re-engineered, then we launched them an outlet and we really drove terrific AURs. In the case of Nicola, you’ve heard us talk Nicola’s collections, you’ve heard us talk about the fact that approximately 30% of the outlet product was Nicola designed product. Of that 30% of the total, two-thirds, or 20% of the total were slightly more actually – whereas we had done with Coach, taking previous full priced top sellers which Nicola reengineered – re-touched, added some functionality and brought into the channel. Specifically, collections Cameron Street and Jackson Street which are today, still core to our business. And unfortunately are not performing as we expected, and the key learning there is that, they were just not perceived as new enough in the outlet channel, especially as they were Cameron Street, Saffiano-based collections and not able to compete with some of the major competitors who are really being promotional in those key platforms. And what we began to see basically is with that pressure and with the continued traffic pressures, the collections are simply still not pulling their way, and now we are prioritizing gross margin and quite frankly, longer term brand health. The good news, so what do we see? First AVA which was 100% designed by Nicola and it’s under 10% of the total outlet, is truly outperforming and gives us a lot of confidence as we bring in tremendous amounts of distinctive newness over the next months and quarters. And we’re also pleased with the performance that we’re seeing outside of North America, especially in Asia and in Greater China, where we’re seeing positive comps, and is a key area of investment for us. So key steps, Bob, to your – the second part of your Kate question and what are we working on, what we’re doing. So look with a great sense of urgency the Kate Spade team is really focused on first and foremost product. In the full price channel I would say it’s much more tweaking the collections, really getting in high function styles that are focused on our key wear-to-work consumer. And outlet, it’s truly about distinctive innovation, both in silhouettes, materials and I would say even in branding, as we continue to diversify collections. And then in both channels, we are looking to truly leverage novelty, which is a key part of the brand, while launching coming up in the second quarter, Make It Mine and I think as you heard in my notes, Q3, the launch of footwear. And taking a lot of learning’s from what’s happening across brands and those that are truly engaging effectively with consumers. We have a tremendous amount of activation in store as well as collaborations coming up. On the marketing side, you guys will hear us talk a lot about leveraging influencers and celebrity, stay tuned there, we will have one or two announcements in the not too distant future on key partnerships there. And then stores, the focus right now is truly on driving productivity. We’re going to be doing some light touch investments especially in the most productive part of our outlet fleet and there you’re going to see us look at fixture productivity, signage and window package renewals, as we look to truly drives a much bigger change in the eye of the consumer. Turning to brand health, saying all of that and that gives you, I think a little bit of a synopsis on where we were, what we saw, steps that we’re taking and now looking at brand health. Look, we just finished, recently May into June, a global brand tracker. We interviewed thousands of consumers here in North America across all of our brands and the competitive set, and we are confident in the health of the brand and it actually gave us confidence in the creative direction and Nicola’s vision. We continue to be very strong, in a very unique position, we lead in the key emotional attributes of fashionable, fund and feminine, and the key is really in tweaking our execution in some of those areas and I remain very confident, and Kate being a $2 billion opportunity. And being so, at gross margins that are going to be similar to Coach and like categories, and that remains our clear vision. As I mentioned, relative to Coach, Bob could not be prouder of Josh and the team, and what they’re doing in that brand, because as I said, they’re really hitting on all cylinders. I’ll let Josh talk a little bit about what he is seeing both globally and here in North America as that brand truly, I think outperforms the direct competition in a very strong way. Josh?
Joshua Schulman: Thank you, Victor. And good morning, Bob. So you know how we’re thinking about innovation at Coach is really at the heart, I think of how we’ve been able to drive the seven consecutive quarters of positive comps, and the gross margin expansion that we’ve been able to see this year. And so I’ll share a little bit about how we’re thinking about driving this balance of consistency and disruption within the brand, really across three pillars. So, the first is, we have to consistently innovate in our core. We have to – yes, every day in every channel have our core products at good, better, best price points with product excellence and innovation there. I think the best example of that, that we’ve talked about on numerous calls and – that you’ve seen in our stores is the re-launch of Signature, which is now into its second year and is continuing to drive a high AURs in our retail channel actually higher AURs than leather. And we have examples of that, of the innovation and core product in our outlet channel as well, whether that has been The Edit at best clinical prices or whether that has been a new introductions like Jet really speaking to our broad customer around the world. The second pillar is more about the disruption, and that is – and I call that collaboration or co-creation. And during this year we have had an unprecedented number of activations, pop-ups, drops, capsules where we’re either collaborating with a third-party or driving innovation around important cultural moments. So in this quarter, in this most recent quarter, we did at 360 activations around Mother’s Day, particularly important in North America, where it’s the visual, it’s the product, it is the whole experience we’ve done, third-party partnerships. We did artist collaborations with a series of Chinese artists, which we call the Rexy Remix which we rolled out in our retail channel. In outlet, we did a collaboration all around ‘80s video games Pac-man – Ms. Pac-Man and these are traffic driving collaborations. And so when we do these activations, they have really helped us, and I think you see that this quarter, they helped us in a traffic challenged environment, drive the traffic to Coach, in the malls, in the full-price malls and the in the outlet malls. And then the third pillar, I would say, is around acceleration, so there is innovation, collaboration and acceleration. And acceleration is really for our categories where we – we consider our growth categories so, our men’s business which is approaching $900 million, our footwear business and our ready-to-wear business. And how do we have distinct strategies to drive growth in those areas. And I think what you’re starting to see is you’re starting to see how those three pillars can work together consistently, back to buy marketing that is no longer, just about one seasonal fashion message – about something much broader, which is driving a cultural relevance through marketing. And so you see – we have a mix of global ambassadors like a Michael B. Jordan or a more regional ambassador like Kiko Mizuhara in Japan, and driving these messages across the digital channels, and using those digital channels as really the hub of an ecosystem that brings the customers into the stores. And so, we can’t be complacent, it’s competitive out there, but we have a pretty exciting pipeline ahead of these types of innovations and activations.
Victor Luis: Yes. And I think I would just close to wrap up on those points there. Please if you haven’t had the opportunity, do take a couple of visits to a couple of key outlet stores in your region, and walk the competitive set compared with Coach’s execution and you’ll – I think very easily understand a lot of the great work that Josh has just explained, impacting across all channels at once. And we’re on that journey with Kate and I’m very confident in that team’s ability with Anna and Nicola and very talented folks, they have supporting them to execute accordingly.
Bob Drbul: Great. Thank you very much. Good luck.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Irwin Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Irwin Boruchow: Hi, good morning everyone. Just two quick questions on Kate. On the store growth pullback can you Victor is that tied to any specific region or is that broad-based globally, just overall? And then I appreciate all the guidance on the year for the business, but is there any chance you could give a little bit more color on your view of Kate for the year as you progress you kind of gave us some comp expectations for Q1. Can you help us how you’re thinking about how that business should progress through the year? Both comp and on operating profit metrics, anything that you’re comfortable sharing? And most specifically are you targeting a positive comp at some point this fiscal year? Thank you very much.
Victor Luis: Sure. Thanks. In terms of the openings really our focus is on productivity, I mean you were planning above 40 locations for the year, we’re still planning between 30 and 40, we’re just being much more selective. And with the continued focus on Asia and especially in China where we are seeing the opportunity of course to leverage those investments as part of our greater program to build brand awareness there, which clearly remains the number one single growth opportunity for that brand and for us from an awareness perspective. In terms of Kate and through the year and comps, first and foremost, I think we gave guidance that we’re expecting low-to-mid single digit sales growth, driven by distribution. At this point I won’t be making a call on the exact timing of positive comps, particularly given the dependence of Kate Spade, what is the challenge North America environments of course we expect clear improvement throughout the year as significant newness hits, and of course as we enter a period of easier compares once we get into Q2, Q3 and Q4. But at this point, I would say that you should expect that our confidence in the mid-to-single digit total growth driven by distribution.
Ike Boruchow: Thank you.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Ike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thanks, good morning. I guess my question is around the EBIT dollar guide, I guess you moved from what would have been roughly $95 million of incremental EBIT growth, and now it looks like EBIT dollars are slightly down for the year. Can you just help us walk through the moving parts by brand, is that all Kate Spade or there, incremental investments? And are you still expecting Coach and Stuart Weitzman in that guide to be positive contributors to EBIT dollars? Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Sure Erinn. So, in terms of the primary change, absolutely correct, it’s really coming from Kate Spade where we now have taken down top line growth through a combination of lower than originally expected comp as well as the modern the modification in our store opening schedule. As you know, we had 40 to 50 originally planned, now we have 30 to 40 as Victor just mentioned. Those are the primary reasons, the primary delta from where we were. And then of course we do still have elevated SG&A specifically at the Kate brand associated with the new store openings that we opened this year, as well as we won’t anniversary the buyback until the end of the first quarter. So it is really primarily coming from the Kate Spade brand, we are looking for operating income generation at Stuart Weitzman, although the first quarter will be probably a similar operating loss to what we exited fourth quarter and of course Coach is, I would say, steady as she goes or it goes.
Christina Colone: Great. Thank you so much.
Erinn Murphy: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Walvis of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Walvis: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask a question about the decision to bring footwear in-house at Kate Spade. And I wonder if you could reflect on the same strategy at Coach, how that’s progressed versus your plan on what’s worked well there? And why the decision to do that with Kate now and how that could be an opportunity and ways it could differ from the Coach experience?
Victor Luis: Sure, very clear opportunity, Alex, for us. We’ve taken, basically the last, I would say, two to three years to establish a very solid product developments, production capacity in footwear in Asia, incredibly pleased to have with us Tom Glaser who comes of course from a very deep experience in that space, supporting our teams as we look to truly get best-in-class in all of these categories, so he will provide key leadership and we have a team at Kate that has experience in doing this. And I can tell you we’ve just shown the first Kate collection at Fanny as well of course of Coach and Stuart Weitzman, just basically wrapping up a week of markets here in New York across all three brands. And what I can share with you is that in all three brands the reaction has been superb. Kate it’s first collection, if I compare to Coach’s first collection three years ago, they’ve really taken a leap forward, whether it’s from a design perspective, silhouette style perspective, excuse me the usage occasion and in terms of product development, leveraging pricing and developing and the development capacity that we established with Coach, over the last three years. I go into the Kate first season with a lot more confidence than we entered Coach three years ago. I would also add that this season in Fanny, Josh and the Coach team have taken a very substantial lead role. We’ve been operating now for a few months, Josh and his team have with some new third-party development capabilities, especially in the core sneaker business, which as many of you know, is driving a huge trend in footwear, we just showed a new collection, which has been incredibly well received at wholesale and by our own teams, so fully excited by that. And for those of you who follow on Instagram and maybe have Stuart Weitzman on your feed, you’ll see the new sneaker collection that they’ve just launched a Daryl, which is really new to them. Given that they were at sandal and food resource, and very excited of course, as we enter fall-winter given that they are such a strong group resource, but it’s truly a good reflection of the Eraldo and that teams move to also diversify and bring new usage occasions to the brand. So this is a great platform, I think, was really coming into our own and I speak with a good level of confidence on that, look in the first year financially, there is a small investment that takes place, but really minor from year two, this thing becomes much more accretive than the royalty, it was a timely business relative to the Coach license that we took back. We’re very thankful to the partners that we had not in their predecessors, but now it really is about us leveraging this key strategic category along with core handbags and accessories and outerwear as core drivers for all of these investments that we’re making in our own direct distribution and with key third-party partners.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen & Company.
Oliver Chen: Hi, thank you. Regarding Kate Spade what are your thoughts regarding the customer reception of the newness ahead and how the sequencing may go as customers look to the changes? Also, I would love your thoughts on the codes of the Kate Spade house and how you evaluated? How those are performing or tweaks you may make? And then finally regarding Kate, just ensuring that there is a great level of distinctiveness versus Coach and that the segmentation is how you wanted. That would be great to hear this, your thoughts. Thank you.
Victor Luis: Yes. Great. Great question. Look, Kate has really unique positioning. And in many ways, I would say, first and foremost from an addiction perspective, definitely considered on the fashion and given its stronger reliance on ready-to-wear traditionally and other accessory categories, including jewelry tech, much SKUs much younger, much more millennial than Coach. And I would say, has a very strong in the hand bag space, a very strong and I’m talking here in North America now, because we’re very much in the early stages of building this business outside of Japan internationally, very strong suburban consumer who see that as a key wear-to-work resource and we’re really focused on providing that functionality. I think, that relative to differences between Coach and Kate, the teams are completely separate, Nicola and [indiscernible], they don’t come in and look at the Coach collections from Stuart, Stuart doesn’t go over and with the Kate collections, obviously in the fashion world they follow in general trends, but I think you’ll see, whether it’s in product and functionality, that you would go to the full price stores, it’s probably a good place to visit where they’re across from each other here at the Hudson Yards Mall here in Manhattan, where you can see Coach and Kate. The Kate experience and the Coach experience are very, very different. Kate speaking to her customer with its very specific codes in femininity, that I’m going to talk to in a minute and Coach to its customer with a much more urban fashion take, and I would say Stuart’s leverage of Coach is much more house of leather coats. If we look at Kate and the codes that we’ve launched, and I think I touched upon this in my remarks, in terms of our ability to compete effectively in the outlet channel. Kate has traditionally depended on a few very core clothes, first and foremost from the material perspective, there has been about Safiana; from a silhouette perspective, it has been about satchels and wear-to-work types of styles and from a branding perspective, it’s really been about that Kate Spade New York metal lock-up, which is on these products. These are traditional codes, they’re used by many brands across the spectrum and the issue is just that, one is Safiana, in and of itself is a material way, is facing challenges in terms of the ability of brands to distinguish themselves from one another. And then when you have the price competition coming on that, it becomes even more challenging. So, what we’re seeing in terms of the Coach that we launch, first and foremost, new materials, new type of leathers, we are seeing new nylon executions. You will see in the future, new textile executions, PVC executions, much more different branding executions, you’ve seen Nicola especially in the full price, part of the business, which has been well received, leverage a more universal code that is uniquely owned by us, which is the Spade, turning that into hardware, turning that into different lockup executions which are good is going to give us diversity, in the iconography of the brands. And now we’re leveraging all of that into the outlet channel, which we’re really excited about. And I would just say, that’s when we looked at and as you know, [indiscernible] we’ve talked about this a few times in the past, we have an extensive database, we capture north of 85% of customer transactions, across our brands. And what I can share with you is that, the overlap in the database between Coach and Kate Spade consumers is truly less than 5%. So, I’m not as concerned about that at all, as I am about Kate being true to its DNA, yet continue to modernize itself, continuing to give the Kate Spade’s core customer, distinctive newness that she can engage with and that differentiates it from all of the competitive set.
Oliver Chen: Thank you. Very helpful. Best regards.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Oli.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Right good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Just I guess a few quick ones from me, kind of housekeeping here. But what is the share count implied in the flat EPS guide for fiscal 2020? And then how should we be thinking about free cash flow? I guess, based on your current outlook, could you do more than the $300 million on the buyback, without increasing your net leverage ratios? And then finally just hoping you could touch on inventory levels by brand, any pockets of excess inventory that you need to work through in the short run here? Thanks.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Sure. So, Mark, on the share count, think of anything between 282 and 286, depending on when we buy that $300 million worth of stock over the course of the year. We are committing to $300 million right now. And that’s all I think we’re willing to commit to you. And then in terms of your third question on cash flow, could we do more without tripping any leverage issue? Yes, we could, based on our projections of cash flow for the year. On the inventory so inventory was up as you know about 16%. On a two-year stack, I think that was around 8.5% for total Tapestry on pro forma basis, if you include Kate in the two-year comparison. Kate was actually down about 10% over the two-year period, because of the low levels on inventory as we exited 4Q last year, and given the full price selling that we’ve seen and a little bit of delayed delivery. We had projected it, we saw an increase in-transit, we talked about port congestion last quarter, I would reiterate that now in terms of where that excess is on the lower levels of sales, you can assume obviously that we have a little bit more than we’d like to have on Kate Spade. We are very confident that we can strategically manage through this, it’s going to be a balance on brand health versus promotional activities along we want to be very strategic in that, but we feel good given the currency of the inventory that we can work through that in the first half of the year.
Mark Altschwager: Alright. Thanks, and best of luck.
Victor Luis: Thanks Mark.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jamie Merriman of Bernstein.
Jamie Merriman: Thanks very much. Victor in your comments about Kate, you mentioned some of the initiatives that you have in terms of things like bringing in satchels and cross-body etc. Can you give us a sense of the timing of some of those initiatives, you know given the length of your supply chain and speed, when would you expect those initiatives to start to help? Thanks.
Victor Luis: I think in the full price channel really is what I was referring to there, because I do think we’re very much in inventory in that type of style, we don’t have enough diversity in outlet, we don’t have enough diversification in outlet from the material and branding perspective, as well as bringing in, I would say incremental silhouettes to the core satchels where we are very much in inventory and outlet. In full-price there is definitely an opportunity there, and you’re going to see us bring those in fact every month over the next four to five months. We have two to three families launching in the next two to three months, that we expect to be very significant players along with Margot, which today is our key and most successful family in the full-price channel.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude our Q&A. I will now turn it back over to Victor for some closing remarks.
Victor Luis: Thank you everyone for being with us. It’s is our custom, I just want to take the opportunity to thank our teams across the globe for their hard work and dedication, couldn’t be prouder of their commitment in all of their efforts. As we had an amazing year of building the foundation that will certainly serve as the key to our growth for years ahead. I have a tremendous confidence in them and look forward to working and partnering with them to drive growth out of this foundation that we’ve built. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s Tapestry conference call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-05-09 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to, Christina Colone Vice President Investor Relations. 
Christina Colone: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer; and Andrea Shaw Resnick, Tapestry’s Interim CFO.  Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and other important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and in our presentation slides. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information, as well as the related reconciliations on our website, www.tapestry.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release and the presentation slides posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor will provide an overview summary of our third quarter 2019 results for Tapestry, as well as our three brands. Andrea will continue with details on the financial and operational results of the quarter and our outlook for the balance of FY19.  Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, Tapestry's President and Chief Administrative Officer; and Chief Legal Officer, as well as Josh Schulman, CEO & Brand President of Coach. Following Q&A, we will conclude with some brief summary remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Victor Luis, Tapestry's CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release this morning, we are pleased with our third quarter performance, highlighted by increases in sales and gross margin on a constant currency basis in each of our three brands.  Further, we continued to make key investments across our portfolio and to realize meaningful synergies from the successful integration of Kate Spade as we harness the power of our multi-brand model.  Taken together, adjusted EPS was in-line with our expectations for the quarter. Some additional highlights by brand include, another quarter of positive comps at Coach led by international, and e-commerce.  The significant sequential comp improvement at Kate Spade with Nicola Glass’s new collection resonating with consumers globally. And at Stuart Weitzman, results were consistent with our expectations with top-line growth driven by our buy now wear now strategy and spring newness.  We are also excited to announce the approval of a $1 billion share repurchase authorization demonstrating our confidence in driving long-term sustainable growth and value. Through this program, we will optimize our capital deployment and enhance shareholder return while maintaining our financial and strategic flexibility.  Importantly, we remain committed to our longstanding capital allocation priorities supported by our strong balance sheet and free cash flow. First, investing in our brands and business. Second, pursuing strategic acquisitions on an opportunistic basis. And third, returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.  Now, as is our practice, I’d like to discuss our progress on our strategic pillars. First, continuing to harness the power of our multi-brand model, which is unlike other portfolio holding companies in our space with each of our brands targeting a unique consumer attitude within the attractive and growing accessories, footwear and outerwear markets.  We are driving significant synergies on a shared platform with each brand leveraging Tapestry’s core capabilities, and infrastructure. To that end, we remain on track to achieve runrate synergies from both COGS and SG&A of approximately $100 million to $115 million in fiscal 2019, up from $45 million in fiscal year 2018. We’ve also continued to make progress on building a scalable shared services model including investments in systems and infrastructure to support our current and future growth opportunities.  Our ERP implementation is well advanced with Phases one and two successfully completed and Phase 3 targeted to launch this summer. We are also brand-led and consumer-centric. Our goal is to nurture authentic, innovative brands, thereby creating meaningful relationships with our customers by offering relevant products and experiences.  And we are building a values-led culture based on optimism, innovation and inclusivity. Having both a strong culture and talented teams are critical to our success. We believe that anyone from anywhere can have the best idea and with hard work and determination, anything is possible.  Our belief in meritocracy creates credible career opportunities and rewards for those who share our values and who want to part of and help shape our growing company.  Nowhere are our values more apparent than in our comprehensive 2025 corporate responsibility goals recently launched. These goals, across our three pillars of our people, our planet and our communities solidify our commitment to social responsibility as we recognize our role as a leader in our industry to effect real measurable change.  Further, we are committed to reporting to our stakeholders annually on our progress and achieving these goals. Second, fueling innovation. Innovation is at our core and it’s foundational to our success. Across each of our brands, we are focused on delivering distinctive newness and compelling products across categories and channels supported by our flexible and dynamic supply chain.  Some examples of how we are working in new, innovative ways include, at the beginning of April, we held our first opensource vendor fair. Over three days, we hosted 250 attendees from over 100 vendors around the world at our Hudson Yards headquarters. They presented their best ideas across leather, hardware and textiles to our design and product development teams from all three brands.  We challenged our vendors to bring new ideas and they came enthusiastically. This is an example of a new way we can work benefiting from our scale as a multi-brand company. In addition, we have also launched a series of design-led thinking pilots within our creative process enhancing the individual talent and limitless imagination of our creative teams.  Several cross-functional groups of product designers and developers, merchants and marketeers are involved in pilots this season. Design-led thinking minimizes the uncertainty and risk of innovation by engaging customers, or users through a series of prototypes to learn, test and refine concepts.  Design-led thinkers rely on customer insights gained from real-world experiments, not just historical data or market research leading to the discovery of often unforeseen functional and emotional needs.  Third, driving global growth, with an emphasis on underpenetrated markets through both new store openings and distributor buybacks on a selective basis. This quarter, we anniversaried the consolidation of Kate Spade’s Greater China joint ventures in January and the buyback of Stuart Weitzman operations in Northern China in mid-February and Coach’s business in Australia and New Zealand in March.  Since taking operational control of these markets, we’ve invested in key talent and infrastructure to support further development across our portfolio. These initiatives are allowing us to accelerate international growth and drive brand awareness.  We also continue to integrate the buybacks of the Kate Spade operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia, as well as the Stuart Weitzman business in Southern China, which closed earlier this fiscal year.  And we are excited to announce that just this week, we completed the acquisition of Stuart Weitzman’s business in Australia, further leveraging our multi-brand hub in Sydney. We are also continuing to maximize the opportunity with Chinese consumers globally across each of our brands. At Coach, our global business with Chinese consumers again rose driven by domestic consumption.  In fact, following our Shanghai Fashion Show in our recent Handbag Brand Tracking Survey held in China this quarter, we saw an improvement in Coach’s unaided awareness from 32% to 41% and aided awareness from 69% to 72% driven by growth amongst millennials.  We are also continuing to build awareness for both the Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman brands amplifying our brand messages with tailored marketing introducing local brand ambassadors for the first time this quarter.  And in the same China Hand Bag Brand Tracking Survey, Kate Spade’s unaided awareness was 4% versus 2% previously, while the brand’s aided awareness improved from 11% to 16%, also driven by growth among millenials. Importantly, we’ve expanded our reach through the opening of new stores utilizing the key learnings we’ve had from Coach’s successful growth in the region.  In fact, during the quarter, we opened four net Kate Spade locations and seven Stuart Weitzman stores in Greater China.  And fourth, advancing our digital and data analytics capabilities. Digital touches every part of our business. In a world with technology is changing everything, investing in an industry-leading digital strategy is critical to our success.  And keeping with this, I am pleased to announce that Noam Paransky has joined Tapestry as Chief Digital Officer leading our company-wide digital strategy. Noam is a thought leader who has built his career around the digital experience and retail.  He also brings expertise building digital integration within multi-brand organizations. Joining us most recently from Gap Inc., where he was SVP of Digital and led digital sales and engagement channels for all of Gap Inc.’s brands.  Prior to that, he spent six years at Alex Partners as a retail, digital and marketing expert working directly with a number of retail and fashion brands navigating the digital space.  At Tapestry, Noam will focus first and foremost on refining and building a scalable global digital platform to drive growth and efficiency for our brands. He will play role as our enterprise leader to deliver an innovative omni-channel experience for all of our customer digital touchpoints including our websites, marketing, social and digital in-store experience.  Noam will also lead our digital innovation agenda bringing new technology and ideas to support our brands to uniquely express their brand promise in new and compelling ways.  Touching on Data Labs, this quarter, we officially launched Tapestry’s Data Labs portal, a centralized web platform that offer secure and seamless access to applications built in-house. This provides our internal teams with a personalized suite of data science and AI tools tailored to maximize the impact on both their short-term and long-term strategies.  Our portal also enables us to scale our applications such as our real estate and product portfolio tools to an expanded user base.  In addition, we developed a suite of Application Programming Interfaces or APIs that can be integrated with other systems utilized by cross-functional partners on the frontlines of our business. In the near future, the output from our algorithm will seed into our POS, client selling and CRM platforms to further enhance the overall customer experience.  Overall, we are confident in the clarity of our vision, the strength of our team and the benefits of our global multi-brand platform. As we look ahead, we are committed to executing our strategic plan and achieving our near-term and long range financial targets including delivering double-digit operating income and EPS growth in FY 2020.  Now turning to category trends. During the third quarter, we estimate that the men’s and women’s premium handbag and accessories market which is now over $45 billion grew at a high-single-digit rate globally on an organic basis consistent with the December quarter. In U.S. dollars, the growth rate was mid to high-single-digits given the appreciation of the dollar.  Now looking at specific brand performance and starting with Coach. Global comparable store sales rose 1% in the third quarter led by outperformance in our international channels and across our e-commerce platforms consistent with the previous quarter. The drivers of our global bricks and mortars comparable store sales were conversion, reflecting our strong product offering, as well as traffic.  By region, we delivered overall positive comps across all of our international regions, including Europe, Japan, Greater China and Asia. Comps in North America declined slightly including negative impact of the shift in timing of Easter, the continued pressure from lower tourist spend, as well as the ongoing volatility in Daigou or reseller activity.  Moving to wholesale, our North America shipments were below prior year including the negative impact of timing with the fourth quarter while our business at POS increased despite a lower level of promotional event days. Our international wholesale revenue rose versus the prior year in Q3, while POS sales were modestly below prior year on the same basis.  There are many highlights of the quarter in keeping with our brand priority. In retail, we continued to cascade leather goods innovation with the successful launches of the Parker Top Handle as well as the Charlie Carryall 40. Dreamer also remained the top family with new novelty introductions. Our Signature offering remains strong comping the comp anniversaring its relaunch in retail last spring.  We were thrilled with the performance of novelty with our runway patch work and denim assortment resonating with consumers. Our Japanese exclusive Sakura Cherry Blossom collection also outperformed. We also saw momentum in lifestyle categories driven by women’s ready to wear and footwear notably sneakers with continued strength in the C143 RUNNER as well as sandals.  Additionally, we continued our partnership with Disney, which was included in our Spring Runway Show and featured Dumbo across the playful collections of bags, ready to wear and accessories. In outlets, we debuted a fresh dual-gender key pairing collaboration across categories and in women’s handbags launched with the Coach Avenue Carrryall continuing to infuse newness throughout the assortment.  We also remained focused on introducing pinnacle products with higher AURs. This quarter, within the added assortment, we were pleased with the performance of the new Willy Carryall, as well as the continued momentum in Abby where we launched a new mini Silhouette. And as in retail, we drove growth in Signature, while Denim resonated across platforms and categories.  Footwear also outperformed and we were excited by the traction experienced in Loafers, and Sneakers. And consistent with our strategy to drive growth outside of our core women’s bags, and small leather goods categories, men’s continued to comp across channels driven by lifestyle, notably apparel and footwear, as well as small leather goods.  The launch of a new Coach logo and retro sports style as shown in our ad campaign featuring Michael B. Jordan also proved a great success and outperformed expectations.  On stores, our customization program Coach Create, which includes footwear and outerwear in addition to leather goods continued to drive sales in Q3. I would also like to touch on our pop-up store initiative, which is another exciting way where connecting with consumers and creating innovative, immersive experiences.  These pop-ups showcase the product in interactive settings allowing customers to engage with the brand in new ways. Thus far in FY 2019, we’ve launched over 100 pop-ups globally including a New York City Subway installation at Le Bon Marché in Paris, and Made to Order Rogue Shop at Neiman Marcus and Hudson Yards in New York and the Coach Create pop-up on the stage at Isetan Shinjuku in Tokyo Japan, as well as a men’s modern active installation at Aventura Mall in Miami.  On marketing, we are driving fashion authority both from the runway and increasingly through cultural relevance and co-creation. For the February Fashion Show, Coach’s Creative Director Stuart Vevers collaborated with artist Kaffe Fassett, known for his maximalist prints which added color to the brand’s already robust visual vocabulary.  Also in February, we were especially excited to launch a collaboration between Academy Award Winners Spike Lee and active producer and global face of Coach, Michael B. Jordan. Shot last fall, this short film entitled Words Matter, brings together two modern dreamers who are known for challenging and redefining the American film landscape.  While we were inspired to create this story telling moment with a simple goal to harness the power of our brand to speak up for inclusion and optimism. This is a universal message and represents the best of Coach.  We also launched a series of first person videos, #Wordsmatter to spark a social conversation and inspire the greater community to share their own stories and personal points of views on why words matter. The series features the artist Whisbe, Nets player, Spencer Dinwiddie, Spikes Children, Jackson and Satchel Lee amongst others.  And an another first for Coach, we debuted our Dream It Real podcast series in late April. These are unfiltered conversations featuring celebrity guests, thought leaders and inspiring young people talking about their dreams for themselves and for the future. This is an exciting moment as we continue our commitment to empowering young people.  Our first episode featured Selena Gomez as she spoke about authenticity and self-acceptance. And our second Michael B. Jordan joined us to speak about courage. Future episodes will feature Stuart Vevers, as well as actors Maisie" Williams and Ben Platt.  Overall, we are satisfied with Coach’s performance in the quarter in light of the volatile tourist trends and Easter shifts, notably impacting North America.  Moving forward, we remain focused on, first, delivering a heightened level of newness through the pyramid of fashion, price and occasion across channels and geographies. Continuing to build on our established and authentic Signature platform, driving growth beyond our core bags and accessories, utilizing technology and digital to enhance and modernize the customer experience, notably through customization. And lastly, amplifying our marketing message that balances unexpected brand impact and broad appeal.  In summary, we are excited about the seasons ahead and remain confident in our largest brands’ opportunity for growth.  Moving to Kate Spade, we drove a significant eight point sequential improvement in comparable store sales to negative 3%. In both our brick and mortars and e-commerce channels, conversion accelerated from the prior quarter. Total sales rose 4% on a reported basis or 5% in constant currency driven by new store distribution, as well as the acquisition of the brand’s operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia, which we’ve not yet anniversaried.  We also made significant progress in keeping with our five strategic pillars, drive global growth, especially across Asia; introduce emotional and distinctive product platforms, launch lifestyle-focused branding; create immersive channel experiences, and leverage of the Tapestry platform.  As you know, this quarter we launched Nicola Glass’s Spring Collection in our full price channel where penetration levels met our expectations, driving our excitement with the customer response.  In hand bags, the Margaux family has become a leading platform and the new Molly Tote is the best selling style globally.  In addition, we remain delighted with consumers’ reaction to the brand’s new code, the Enamel Spade across categories including the Nicola Handbag group and the Heritage Spade Jewelry collection. In March, we launched Polly a soft pebble leather group and initial reads have been strong. And just last month, we introduced Andy, a canteen bag which is a modern take on a classic shape and it’s becoming a top-seller.  In ready to wear, the infant dresses, feminine suit, wear to work Silhouette, statement sweaters and on-trend jump suits are key wins. As expected, our results continued to be negatively impacted by the performance of the legacy carryover products, notably in hand bags though we have made substantial headway and moving through this inventory.  We’ve also had important key learnings which will inform our future development. In hand bags, we see additional runway in satchels, in casual, soft and sophisticated iterations. We also see opportunity for product extensions within the top-performing groups such as Margaux, and Molly. We will evolve our small leather goods offering further distorting our investments to small wallets and cardholders, while also updating functionality.  In ready to wear, we were focused on chasing what’s working, building on the attributes that the Kate Spade apparel and outerwear customers have come to expect with compelling day to night style.  And we will introduce additional playful and emotional novelty items both as permanent and limited edition offerings. These are hallmarks of the brand that play well to the drop model that is driving millennial fashion shopping.  Now turning to the launch of our brand evolution across consumer touchpoints. In support of Nicola’s debut collection, we launched a 360, global marketing campaign amplifying the new creative vision and the brand’s unique positioning of optimistic femininity. The campaign featured actresses, Julia Garner, Sadie Sink and Kiki Layne and were shot by famed photographer and long time brand collaborator Tim Walker.  In fact, since the launch of the new creative direction at the end of January, through March, the number of new Instagram followers accelerated increasing nearly 20% over the same period last year. While we also introduced our first ever campaign tailored specifically for the China market, starring actress Sun Yi, driving engagements on Weibo, and WeChat.  In addition, we also focused on our stores and digital channels ensuring consistency with the new product brand vision and creating immersive channel experiences. In keeping with our strategy, we made light touch renovations in key full price locations ending the quarter with over 100. The showcase of our new color palette and enhanced visual merchandising elements.  These front room wraps leverage the brand’s new iconography in our specialty stores to appropriately showcase the new products in a cost-effective, yet brand enhancing way. In addition, we also launched a new product, brand codes and imagery across our digital and social platforms.  Importantly, we remain confident in the growth opportunities for the brand supported by the successful integration of Kate Spade onto the Tapestry platform leveraging our core capabilities.  Key accomplishments include, migrating the Kate Spade brand to the Tapestry supply chain realizing significant synergies and clear product quality improvement; attracting and retaining key operational and creative talent across the organization; laying the foundation for accelerated international growth through the direct control of the brand’s businesses in Asia, notably, Greater China; driving brand heat and reinforcing brand health through both the launch of a new creative direction and the strategic curtailment of third-party promotional channel.  We also integrated Kate Spade’s customer data across North America, Europe, and Japan into the Tapestry customer data platform. Overall, our third quarter performance along with our continued progress and our strategic initiatives underscores our confidence in delivering positive comps in the fourth quarter.  Looking beyond FY 2019, as previously noted, we continue to believe that Kate Spade can approach $2 billion in sales over our three year planning horizon at significantly higher operating margins.  Turning to Stuart Weitzman. We delivered another quarter of sales growth with revenue increasing 2% on a reported basis and 4% in constant currency. This reflects the progress the SW team has made in executing our FY 2019 strategic priorities. We are broadening our footwear offering while maintaining our authority in iconic Stuart Weitzman styles.  During the quarter, we experienced growth in our buy now, wear now offering of booties while new classifications of platforms and wedges drove growth in sandals. Pumps also performed well driven by the Mary Ann and the Lee. Sneakers remained exceptionally strong fueled by success in the SW 612. WE are also driving growth beyond footwear gaining credibility in handbags and leather goods.  Handbags rose significantly in the quarter, albeit from a small base and outpaced our expectation. We continue to see significant opportunity to grow the brand’s handbag offerings given the complementary nature of the footwear and bag categories. We are creating brand desire through bold and modern marketing.  Our Spring Campaign featuring Kendall Jenner, Yang Mi, Willow Smith and Jean Campbell with its global relevance highlights the brand’s core attributes and values of using fashion, function and fit. Stuart Weitzman continues to be a red carpet brand of choice, once again dressing many celebrities at this year’s Oscars.  Importantly, we are expanding globally with a focus on the Chinese consumer. In fact, this quarter, our business in China, once again outperformed and we remain intense on driving relevance awareness and increasing market share. We opened seven new locations in Mainland China in our new, modern and elegant store concepts.  As planned, we also launched a capsule collection in collaboration with Yang Mi across an assortment of sandals, pumps, and sneakers. Swthalassa, the pearl-embellished was a notable best seller. In addition, performance was particularly strong on our e-commerce channels globally.  And finally, as our production levels and shipments have normalized, our focus is rebuilding our order book with our global wholesales partners to capture the in-season replenishment orders. This focus will support our objective of driving strong sales growth and improved profitability in the fourth quarter.  In summary, we’ve made significant progress in evolving the brand’s creative direction through product and marketing. We remain excited about the opportunities for Stuart Weitzman across geographies, classifications and categories and are confident in our long-term vision.  To recap, we have a clear vision, a strong team, and the unique global multi-brand platform. Our model is distinctive. We are brand-led and consumer-centric with a culture built upon values of optimism, innovation and inclusivity.  Each of our brands have differentiated attitudes bringing diversification to our portfolio, at the same time, each can leverage Tapestry’s core capabilities and infrastructure to drive meaningful synergies. Taken together, we are uniquely positioned to capture the vast opportunities within the attractive and growing global accessories, footwear and outerwear markets.  With that, I will turn it to Andrea for the financial review of the quarter and our outlook. Andrea? 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks, Victor and good morning everyone. Victor has just taken you through our quarterly results and strategies, let me now take you through some of the important financial details of the quarter, as well as our outlook for the balance of fiscal year 2019.  Before I begin, please keep in mind that the comments I’m about to make are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results, as well as the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. Now, turning to the financial results for Tapestry. Total sales for the quarter rose 1% on a reported basis to $1.33 billion, while constant currency sales increased 2% driven by growth across brands.  Gross margin for the quarter rose 30 basis points to 69.2%. The expansion in our margin was driven by Kate Spade, which increased 90 basis points, fueled by the realization of COGS synergies, as well as a 30 basis point increase in gross margin at Coach, which included 20 basis points of currency benefit.  At Stuart Weitzman gross margin declined 150 basis points, which included 210 basis points of pressure from currency. Therefore on a constant currency basis, Stuart Weitzman’s gross margin increased 70 basis points. SG&A expenses totaled $780 million and represented 58.6% of sales, as compared to $727 million and 55.0% respectively in the prior year. The increase in SG&A expenses was primarily driven as projected, by new store distribution and a higher level of marketing expense at Kate Spade, as well as cost associated with regional buybacks and a higher level of depreciation due to our systems implementation.  Our operating income totaled $141 million in the quarter as compared to $184 million in the prior year, while operating margin was 10.6% as compared to 13.9%, reflecting the higher level of investment versus prior year.  Net interest expense was $11 million for the quarter as compared to $17 million in the prior year. Our effective tax rate was 6.8% as compared to 5.6% in the prior year's Q3. The tax rate was slightly below our expectations due to favorability associated with certain statute expirations and the geographic mix of earnings. Taken together, our EPS was a $0.42 in the quarter.  Now moving to global distribution by brand. Across Tapestry, we opened a net of 17 stores internationally, while closing 11 net locations in North America to end the quarter with 1,502 directly operated stores globally.  By brand, we closed three net Coach locations, one net Kate Spade store and opened ten net Stuart Weitzman locations. During the quarter, we were particularly excited to open new Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman stores adjacent to our Tapestry corporate headquarters at Hudson Yards here in New York City. These locations which are outperforming our expectations manifests our latest store concept and feature new elements across each of their brand.  Turning now to our balance sheet and cash flows. At the end of third quarter, our cash and short-term investments were approximately $1.3 billion while our borrowings outstanding were $1.6 billion, consisting primarily of senior notes.  Inventory levels at quarter end were $811 million as compared to ending inventory of $714 million in the year-ago period. The increase was primarily driven by a higher level of in-transits related to port congestion in Asia. Specifically, as companies have migrated production outside of China, infrastructure investments in key Asia ports including the Philippines, Vietnam and Cambodia especially not kept pace.  And while this has not resulted in higher freight costs, it has resulted in longer lead times with more inventory on the water at any given time which we would expect to normalize when we anniversary this in the second half of fiscal 2020.  Net cash from operating activities was an inflow $3 million as compared to an inflow of $156 million a year ago. Our CapEx spending was $68 million versus $60 million a year ago. Free cash flow was an outflow of $65 million versus an inflow of $95 million in the same period last year.  For the first nine months of FY 2019, net cash from operating activities was $602 million as compared to $586 million last year, while CapEx spending was $184 million versus $187 million last year. Therefore, on a year-to-date basis, free cash flow was an inflow of $418 million as compared to $400 million last year.  Now, turning to our capital allocation policy. As Victor mentioned, our long-term priorities remain unchanged, supported by our strong balance sheet, and cash flow. First, we will continue to invest in our brands in order to drive sustainable growth and value creation. Secondly, we will seek strategic acquisitions looking for great brands with opportunities for expansion.  And finally, returning capital to shareholders. We are committed to our dividend and are pleased today to announce a $1 billion share repurchase authorization underscoring our confidence in our long-term vision and focus on driving shareholder value.  In terms of guardrails, our primary objective is to offset future dilution related to share issuances under our employee compensation plan. We may on an opportunistic basis repurchase additional shares when market conditions are conducive. This plan will allow us to maintain strategic flexibility while supporting earnings per share growth and enhancing shareholder returns.  Now, moving to our 2019 outlook. Consistent with our prior practice, the following guidance is presented on a non-GAAP basis and replaces all previous guidance. Starting with sales, we expect total revenues for Tapestry in fiscal 2019 to increase at a low to mid-single-digit rate from fiscal 2018.  This includes the expectation for positive low-single-digit comp growth at Coach, in the fourth quarter, in addition in Q4, we expect to achieve positive comps at Kate Spade, as well as total sales growth at Stuart Weitzman. In addition, we continue to project an increase in Tapestry’s gross margin for the year, which does include a contraction in Q4.  We continue to expect SG&A delverage in FY 2019 given the impact of regional distributor buyback activity and systems investments.  Net interest expense is expected to be in the area of $50 million for the year. The full year fiscal 2019 tax rate is projected at about 18%. We expect our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year to be approximately $292 million reflecting our year-to-date favorability. And overall, we are projecting earnings per diluted share for the year in the range of $2.55 to $2.60. We expect CapEx to be $320 million to $325 million in FY2019, which we would anticipate to be the peak level of spend over our planning horizon. In addition, in FY 2019, we expect to incur non-recurring, pre-tax charges of approximately $35 million attributable to company’s ERP implementation efforts. We also expect to incur pre-tax integration and acquisition charges of approximately $80 million to $90 million.  Finally, turning to our fiscal year 2019 directly operated distribution plans by brands. For Coach, we continue to expect a modest net decrease in our store count in FY 2019 due primarily to net closures in North America and Japan.  For Kate Spade, we remain on track to grow the brand’s directly operated store base by 60 to 70 net new locations in FY 2019. Specifically, we continue to project 40 to 50 net new door openings, notably in international markets where we see significant opportunity for growth. We've also added 21 locations through the acquisition of the brand’s operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia.  And for Stuart Weitzman, we expect to add approximately 50 directly operated locations globally this fiscal year. This is based on approximately 30 net new openings, primarily in China. In addition, we’ve added 18 locations through regional buybacks including six stores in Southern China and 12 locations in Australia.  In closing, we are committed to executing our strategic plan and achieving our near-term and long range financial targets including delivering double-digit operating income and EPS growth in FY 2020. We remain confident in the power of our brands, our multi-brand operating platform and the significant opportunities within the premium accessories, footwear and outerwear markets. At the same time, our strong balance sheet and cash flow provide us with important financial and strategic flexibility, while enabling us to return capital to our shareholders through our dividend and recently announced share repurchase authorization.  I’d now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim. 
Bob Drbul : Hi, good morning. 
Victor Luis: Good morning, Bob. 
Bob Drbul : Good morning. Victor, there was a lot of negative sentiment coming into the quarter given the issues that you’ve had with Stuart Weitzman and then followed by the issues with Kate Spade, does the announcement of the share repurchase program suggests you are hitting the pause button here or rethinking this multi-brand strategy?
Victor Luis: Got it. So, quite a few parts to that question, Bob. Obviously, in terms – first and foremost, the strategy itself, the execution of the strategy and then now the buyback. First, on the strategy, all of the strategic rationale for a multi-brand strategy remains true as far as we are concerned whether that be the risk of being a single brand, single-category business, which has the risk of overextending.  As has been the history for us and even some competitors here in the U.S. and of course, the leverage that we can bring across the platform with different categories, markets and brands. So, I would say that, absolutely not. We are not putting the pause button and are committed to our strategy of acquiring great brands that have solid growth potential. In terms of the execution of the strategy.  And I think you touched both on SW Stuart Weitzman and Kate, first, and I will start with Kate, the most recent acquisition. I think it’s important for all of us to remember that that is an acquisition that has been accretive from day one and I could not be prouder of the work that our teams have done in integrating that business onto the Tapestry platform.  We’ve migrated supply chains not only realizing significant cost synergies, we have very visibly improved product quality. We have the key talent in place both from a management and a creative perspective. We’ve laid the foundation for solid international growth by buying back all of our businesses in Asia and are already making great progress there.  We reinforced brand health with the launch of a fresh creative direction that we are already seeing consumers react to. And lastly, as we announced last quarter, we integrated KS on to what is in essence a real world-class SAP S4 on a platform first in the world in fact and already seeing the benefits of synergies from that.  I think that, any confusion between the carryover product having underperformed in the December quarter with the issues that we saw which were much more purely executional issues that we talked about as it relates to SW is really misplaced. And we’ve been very clear on that SW was really a one-off transition.  We had a founder. We had been there for 30 or 40 years and there was obviously a lot of opportunity on our side from a supply chain perspective. We put now the team in place have worked really hard and I think go forward, we will begin to see the results of that in a much more sustainable long-term manner.  Look, saying all of that, the share repurchase clearly signals our confidence in our business, in our brands and their long-term value and we have obviously a very strong balance sheet and the cash flow and we clearly believe that we can optimize our capital to enhance shareholder returns while maintaining our strategic and financial flexibility. So we are excited about what the future holds. 
Bob Drbul : Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hi, good morning everyone. Congratulations. Very, very nice quarter. I guess, Victor, when you are talking about the Coach business in North America, you referenced a few headwinds you are dealing with and one of those points was the reseller market in North America. I’d love to get your perspective on the luxury resell market, what it means to you and your category accessible luxury et cetera.  Just how you kind of think about that as a growing space you now have kind of contend with in North America?
Victor Luis: Sure, sure. We know, Ike, that you’ve recently put out an interesting note on the topic which of course we’ve studied and we’ve been studying that whole phenomenon quite closely. In my notes, what we referenced in terms of resell, it was really much more the – those who are reselling as parallel products to China, the Daigou.  I think that’s resale in what you are referencing in your note with much more of the U.S. platforms, I’ll touch on in a moment, but let me allow first Josh to talk specifically to the Chinese Daigou resellers and then I will touch much more on the U.S. based platforms, European based platforms that you’ve been talking a bit about. Josh?
Josh Schulman: So, hi, Ike. As we mentioned last quarter, we have been seeing this volatility in what we call the Daigou business which are the Chinese resellers who have been purchasing from us to resell on the digital platforms in China. So, from what we can tell, the reseller activity continues to be volatile. And it remained a headwind in Q3.  We’ve been analyzing the e-commerce platforms in China, as well as news articles about what is happening with this market and it appears that some of the smaller resellers may have exited or closed up shops. What they are reacting to, we believe is the changing regulations and the evolution of the digital platforms globally.  For us, for the long-term, the curtailments of this activity we see is a positive, because, keep in mind that our biggest focus and our primary goal is building Coach in the domestic market, with the domestic customer in China and with the domestic customer in North America and we couldn’t be more thrilled with the traction we are having in China, both in terms of the comp performance but also in terms of the brand tracking that Victor referenced in his earlier remarks.
Victor Luis: Yes, and so, more generally, on the resell market more broadly, we see it as an opportunity based on a lot of the research that we’ve had the teams digging into this for quite some time now, a market that is about $24 billion globally. But the vast majority of that is still in watches and jewelry. Our own estimates of that about 5% $1.5 billion more or less is in handbags and accessories.  We also see it as – and this is more resell of used products now. I am not talking about the parallel opportunity which is resell from lower priced markets into Asia. But we see it as much more concentrated in Europe and the U.S. and we see it less of an opportunity in Asia where consumers are much more focused on new product and much more focused on taking advantage of the international price premiums to access new products at a discount.  In Europe and the U.S., we still see brick and mortar playing a very important role. In fact, our own studies show still 70% to 75% of this used product is going via brick and mortar stores and with opportunity of course for more of it to go online. But this is not a new phenomenon. Look, before the current platforms, whether it was eBay and other marketplaces, this has been certainly a trend.  We dug deep into the handbag and accessories space and what we can share with you is that we see an average AUR that is really focused on traditional luxury brands. An average AUR that is about a $1000 and it’s really more than anything focused on what we see as seasonal luxury fashion bags as a result.  That would not be necessarily the main targets for what we consider our core accessible luxury handbag customer who is really looking for a $300 to $400 handbag. And so, if anything we see it, potentially taking some share from the new sales in Europe and the U.S. to the traditional luxury customers.  That customer who is looking for the newest hit bags that could be $2000 to $3000 is accessing it via some of these sites now at a $1000 or $1200 or $1300. Saying that, look, we are constantly following all of these formats. There are resellers.  There is upcycling, recycling, there is rental formats. There is drops. Limited editions. Resale and consignment models and for me, for the team, for all of us across our brands, the main insights that we are really leveraging here is the opportunity for us to continue to up our gain in terms of increased collaborations.  We are working on limited edition and drops. You heard in our speakers’ notes and Josh the teams and as well as Kate and Stuart Weitzman now working increasingly on pop-up stores and an increasing number of dotcom exclusives. All of this aligning with the experiences that’s millennials and Gen Zs drives.  On the rental side, we have across a couple of our brands especially partnered very, very nicely with rent the runway, still a small opportunity, but we see that as a good way for us to continue to learn.
Ike Boruchow: Super helpful. Thanks again. 
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Jaffray. 
Erinn Murphy : Great. Thank you and good morning to you all. 
Victor Luis: Good morning, Erinn. 
Erinn Murphy : My question is around Kate Spade and the operating income pathway. So you are reiterating the $100 million to $115 million of synergies today which is $55 million to $70 million incremental this year. But when I just look at the key operating income this year, it’s only up slightly on a dollar basis.  So, I am curious with the pressures you are seeing in Kate this year, how much do you expect to recover next year? And then, on the Kate Spade comp being positive in the fourth quarter, what are you currently seeing that’s giving you that confidence. Thank you. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Sure. I’ll start Erinn, on the question around operating income. And obviously, we have seen the COGS flow through and the significant growth we had today on including last year’s fourth quarter as well as the first three quarters of this year.  Where we have seen pressure if you will, has been, as our choosing and that we are seeing significantly higher SG&A expenses associated with our buyback, associated with our significant ramp in new store openings, et cetera.  So, we do expect that operating margin for Kate will grow as we move forward, but and we lap these investments, but this year we’ve really seen that in the increase and SG&A investments. I think I’ll turn it over to Victor on the positive comp question. 
Victor Luis: Sure. Erinn, of course, you know, we don’t discuss intra-quarter comps, but what I would share is that, we are definitely tracking to our plan to drive positive comps, some of what you’ve heard us talk about of course in terms of increased penetration of Nicola’s products is a key part of that by the end of the third quarter approximately three-fourth of the product in full priced was newness.  By the end of the fourth quarter, all of the in essence will be new products in the full price channel and then in the outlet channel, we will be about one-third newness and we are really excited by the consumer reaction. 
Erinn Murphy : Thank you very much. 
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks, Erinn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen and Company. 
Oliver Chen : Hi. Thank you. As we look at the Coach brands, what are your thoughts on long-term growth opportunity? And how that will pace relative to the handbag market, thoughts on pricing and categories and what you prioritize renovation there? And then, a quick follow-up, the open source vendor forum as well as design-led thinking, that sounded new to me, as well as very interesting for driving some competitive advantages. I mean, how would you articulate that moving forward in terms of what makes it different versus how you innovated in the past and how that may drive our models on a long-term basis? Thank you. 
Victor Luis: Sure, sure. Let me let Josh talk a little bit about Coach and what we are thinking long-term or let me just start, I’ll start and Josh will then jump in on Coach. But on opensource and design-led thinking which we are really leveraging across the Tapestry platform. As you know, we’ve been talking about innovation for quite some time.  I think it’s not just us, it’s obviously invention and newness and the pace that is today required is vital for all businesses in an increasingly transparent world. We are looking for ways in which we can obviously engage differently with outside partners to increase and drive the level of that innovation.  And one of the ideas that we started working on a year ago that we just executed that really brought tremendous excitement to 10 Hudson Yards was actually reaching out to all of our current vendor base globally as well as new vendors and asking them to come for three days to our headquarters present to all of our design teams, present to all of our merchants as well as product development and even marketeers in pods.  So, we have the small leather goods team for Coach combined with the PD people, combined with their marketeer parts, with their marketing partners and merchant partners across each of the categories, across all three brands go around for three days and meet with all of these vendors who came and we asked them to bring us newness.  We asked them to bring us new ideas and materials, executions, printings, hardware, leathers, that we would then as a company take some bets behind and it was exciting. I mean the teams come up with incredible opportunity now. Over the next quarters, we will be able to see some of that actually executed into product and bets that we will be taking.  With the opportunity for some of that to obviously, depending on the size of bets that we take to partner with these vendors and this newness and actually drive some exclusives. So, this will be an annual event.  And I am actually not – we were still happy with the results, Oliver that we are thinking about allowing some of these vendor partners to leverage their visits to even in our building perhaps partner with non-competitors to come in and drive a little bit of synergy for the fashion community here in New York.  As it relates to design-led thinking, look, nothing more important to me absolute, creative genius and imagination of our designers. We believe in that fully. But there are ways to drive innovation across the organization and new ways of working and design-led thinking as a process is one of these ways. It is based upon very deep consumer insights.  It forces the designers, again working with their merchants, PD and marketing partners to get out talk to consumers with deep interviews to gain those insights. Test their ideas, come back and iterate in a very short period of time to again drive newness not only in function, but also in emotional attributes that normally we would not have.  And so, we are excited about that. It resulted out of a experience with these stand for design school. It is now a program that we are doing two pilots in the Coach brand that we will then leverage those individuals as catalysts to drive that profits across the entire organization. So, those are just two examples.  We are working on a few others. We are going to test and learn and as we see traction, we see it as driving of course newness and innovation across the organization which is absolutely vital to our success. So, on Coach, I am going to let Josh jump in long-term growth for Coach. Josh?
Josh Schulman: Yes, hi, Oliver. So, as we think about long-term growth for Coach, from a product lens, it really comes from innovation as Victor was mentioning. And the way we think about that by category is within handbag, it’s developing new powerful core lines, like we have now with Charlie, with Parker, with Dreamer that have a certain consistency about them.  But then, can get updated in new platforms season-after-season. And then, increasingly it’s also about getting that balance between consistency and disruption. And so, in this quarter, we talked about our collaboration with Disney and Dumbo and things like that that surprise and delight the customer. Certainly, a lot of these pop-ups that we’ve been doing are important to drive disruptive messages around the brand as well.  Then from a emerging category perspective, we have three focus areas which is footwear, where we are really starting to see a nice traction in that business both within our own stores and within wholesale that’s growing driven by sneakers for both genders and booties for women and fashion sandals, as well, this season.  Our men's business is also a focus. In men’s we have a clear path to $1 billion and that is getting an inflection from our association with Michael B. Jordan and as we think about the way men are dressing today, in a more modern active sensibility, the importance of signature and logo in that business has been really powerful.  And while still small, and intended to remain a small percentage for us, our ready to wear business is growing as well, driven by outerwear.  In terms of distribution growth, we see no net distribution growth, but geographically, a big focus on China of course, and Europe where we are starting to see some nice traction. In addition, of course, it’s everything we are doing digitally. So, I hope that gives you some perspectives on the categories and the geographies that we are thinking about. 
Oliver Chen : Yes, that’s really helpful. The last one on sustainability, that was a really nice point of difference, Victor, how you moved in that direction. Maybe just if you could share with us of the consumer insights around sustainability and why this matters to you and how it may play in to separating you from competitors?
Victor Luis: Sure. Look, at the end of the day, Oliver, and simple – to put it simply, it’s just good business. Our teams care about it. Our consumers care about it. And I think that’s as fiduciaries and good corporate citizens and good citizens within the communities that we live and work in, we think it’s just the right thing to do whether it be on how we treat our teams, how we treat and support the communities that we work in.  And as well, of course, from the environment we work with our vendor partners very closely and I think that’s putting out very, very clear targets for 2025 and coming out every single year and holding ourselves accountable to those targets by communicating them very clearly to all of you, to our teams, and to the consumers who will hold us accountable, we felt it was the absolute right thing to do and we are really proud of the moves we are making there. 
Oliver Chen : Thank you. Best regards.
Victor Luis: Thank you. 
Operator: We have time for one more question. Your final question will come from the line of Simeon Siegel of Nomura Instinet. 
Simeon Siegel : Thanks. Hey guys. Good morning and nice progress in the quarter.
Victor Luis: Good morning Simeon. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning. 
Simeon Siegel : Victor, did you or can you speak to a trend that you are seeing at full price versus outlets? And then, just Andrea, maybe within just given the moving pieces and the Kate non-comp component, I guess the buy-ins also best positions. What do we need to keep in mind into Q4 and next year for the sales to comps rate? Thanks. 
Victor Luis: Yes, I think full price to outlet, as you know, of course, we deliver and only provide global comps. But in general, I would say that, from a global perspective, Simeon, the reality is all of our businesses internationally have been very robust. I could not be prouder of the traction that we are seeing across Asia on all of our brands and now from a much smaller base of course.  As you are all aware, in Europe, really good and I would say across all channels really. Asia, of course has now wholesales, but full price and outlet performing really well and I would say that in Europe, the same is true with wholesale becoming an increasingly important part of our business across all three of our brands. In the U.S. I would say that our full price business is robust.  I encourage you guys, especially for those of you who haven’t, please come to Hudson Yards, and you will see the most recent execution of the store formats for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman that we are tweaking and rolling out globally. Those stores are all doing incredibly, incredibly well.  Really pleased with the performance of this new location for us really significantly above our expectations for all three actually. And what I would say is that, the opportunity in the outlet channel for increasing AURs that we’ve been talking about, that Josh has been talking about and the teams have been talking about, remains the real opportunity and we are very, very focused on innovating there, on obviously engaging with the consumer there and separating ourselves from the competition. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: And I think, Simeon, as you look into the fourth quarter and you look beyond the fourth quarter, you are going to see both the Kate Spade organic comp growth augmented by significant non-comp growth.  We will still be accelerating store openings next year and in this last quarter, just as an aside, we already saw the China business outperformed and contribute to our overall comps in terms of the fact that we brought them in Jan 1 of last year.  So they did participate in the global comp number that we shared. So they were a driver of the improvement. 
Victor Luis: Yes, I think, I’ll just add Simeon on that, you got 242 Coach doors in Greater China where it’s 54 for Kate, 39 for SW. We are only scratching the surface here. So, a lot, a lot of opportunity. We are very excited about that.
Simeon Siegel : Great. That’s exciting.
Christina Colone: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A. I’ll now turn it back over to Victor for some closing remarks.
Victor Luis: Thanks to all of you as usual for joining us and as is our custom, I just want to again thank our 21,000 strong team across the globe for all of their hard work and dedication and to recognize my excitement for the great work being done, not only across our brands, but as well across our very nascent and increasingly strong Tapestry platform.  We have three amazing brands. Each of them has a unique narrative and an exciting creative direction that we are committed to investing behind across our multichannel and our global platforms. And I am continually inspired by the resilience and the desire of our teams to drive great experience for our customers globally. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude the Tapestry earnings conference. We thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-02-07 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Andrea Resnick, Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Andrea Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer; and Kevin Wills, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our quarterly report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today and our presentation slides. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information as well as the related reconciliations on our website, www.tapestry.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release posted today in the presentation slide. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2019 results for Tapestry as well as our three brands. Kevin Wills will continue with details on financial and operational results of the quarter and our outlook for the balance of FY19. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, Tapestry's President and Chief Administrative Officer; and Josh Schulman, CEO & Brand President of Coach. Following Q&A, we will conclude with some brief summary remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Victor Luis, Tapestry's CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release this morning, during the second quarter, our sales and gross profit rose, successfully anniversarying the strong holiday results of the prior year. That said, this performance fell short of our expectations in the face of an increasingly volatile macroeconomic and geopolitical backdrop. Importantly and as expected, we generated significant synergies while also making material systems and strategic brand investments across our portfolio. Taken together, adjusted earnings per diluted share were even with the prior year. Across Tapestry, we made significant progress on our strategic pillars during Q2, notably maximizing the opportunity with the Chinese consumer globally. To this end, Coach held its first-ever runway show in Shanghai, which was incredibly well-received by the editorial community and generated more than 1.1 billion impressions. At Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman where we are focused on driving awareness in the region, we invested in key talents, infrastructure as well as marketing partnerships with Chinese brand ambassadors, while expanding our reach to the opening of new stores. While we understand that there are some continuing concerns around Chinese luxury spending, we view China's heightened emphasis on driving domestic demand as entirely aligned with where we are making our investments across brands. Indeed, we believe further investment in domestic markets with China, the most important, is the best hedge against volatility that may at times occur in tourist spending. Further, we were very pleased by the relative outperformance of all of our brands’ China businesses this quarter. Our teams across Tapestry remained focused on executing our four strategic priorities. First, continuing to harness the power of our multi-brand model. Our synergy capture was evidenced in part in the significant gross margin expansion we achieved in Kate Spade’s second quarter results. To that end, we remain on track to achieve run rate synergies from both COGS and SG&A of approximately $100 million to $115 million in fiscal 2019, up from $45 million in fiscal year ‘18. We've also continued to make progress on building a scalable, shared services model, including investments in systems and infrastructure to support our current and future growth opportunities. During the quarter, we deployed the first phase of our ERP implementation, SAP’s S4 HANA, successfully migrating our global finance functions for Tapestry, Coach and Stuart Weitzman. And just yesterday, we successfully transitioned Kate Spade to the S4 HANA ERP system as well. Now that our S4 implementation is well-advanced and with our experience operating as a multibrand holding company, we've identified additional opportunities to further streamline our organizational structure. We expect these incremental efficiencies along with the return on our brand investments to support our goal of double-digit operating income growth in fiscal year ‘20. Second, fueling innovation. Across all of our brands, we are focused on delivering distinctiveness newness and compelling product across categories and channels, supported by bold marketing campaigns and unique collaborations. We understand that innovation is what drives velocity of purchase in our key categories. And having a nimble, flexible supply chain, which we leverage across brands, enables us to deliver a higher level of innovation with increased frequency. Our commitment to innovation is clearly evident across our brands in our just introduced spring collections as well as the impact for marketing campaigns launched to support them. Third, driving global growth. We continued to integrate the recently completed buybacks of the Kate Spade operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia, as well as the Stuart Weitzman business in southern China in the second quarter. We also invested in key talent and infrastructure in these markets to support business development across our portfolio. These initiatives will allow us to accelerate international growth and drive brand awareness. During the second quarter, we added 40 net new stores across brands including the acquired businesses. These new locations were primarily focused in international markets and took our directly operated total store count to 1,496. Our business is now more direct than ever, allowing for a consistently high level of execution in our delivery of our brand experiences. In fact, we had over 170 million visits to our stores and sites in the second quarter alone. And fourth, advancing our digital and data analytics capabilities. Across all brands, we are continuing to drive superior results for our online channel and remain committed to delivering a seamless, online-offline experience. Our data labs team is focused on further strengthening and integrating our customer database platform and supporting customer relationship management program in each of our brands, advancing data tools to drive aggregated business insights across the organization and innovating with advanced analytics to optimize key processes, for example, using machine learning on product allocation, pricing or promotion planning. The team is making substantial progress on these goals and helping us become even more data-driven and predictive, building on the solid foundation we have created. Some of the key launches of this past quarter include a Tapestry real estate tool that allows our teams to analyze store density and identify white space in any geographic location as well as measure cross-channel migration of our customers, a Tapestry product portfolio tool that allows our brand management, merchandising and marketing teams to measure the performance of all our products across channels and regions against target priority segments, driving deep insights, which can inform future product launches. Moving forward, in light of our recent results and the uncertain global environment, we are revising our outlook for the balance of the fiscal year, which Kevin will touch on shortly. And while we were not satisfied with our second quarter performance, we are proud of the continued progress on our key strategic priorities and confident that the investments we are making in our brands and our Tapestry platform will drive a return to double-digit operating income and earnings per diluted share growth in fiscal 2020. Now, returning to the second quarter results and starting with category trends. During the second quarter, we estimate that the men's and women's premium handbag and accessories market, which is now over $45 billion, grew at a high-single-digit rate globally on an organic basis, a slight deceleration from the September quarter. In U.S. dollars, the growth rate was mid to high-single-digits, given the appreciation of the dollar. We also wanted to share some highlights of our U.S. brand tracking survey fielded in November and December. Among the broad premium market and looking at emotional attributes, Coach is a leading brand in making women feel confident, original and smart, while Kate Spade leads in making women feel feminine, beautiful and fun. It is important to note that we saw gains in the brand affinities of both Coach and Kate. Specifically, among the broad premium market, the percentage of women who agree that Coach and Kate Spade are their most loved handbag brands and are brands that they would confidently recommend, increased versus year ago.  Looking at specific brand performance and starting with Coach. Global comparable store sales rose 1% in Q2, led by outperformance in our international channels and across our e-commerce platforms and reflected our compelling offering across categories. We were especially excited by the brand’s increased traction with Chinese consumers globally, driven by domestic demand, partially offset by a decline in tourist spend. Further, we drove an increase in operating income through both gross margin expansion as well as SG&A leverage. Our goal for holiday across all channels was to continue to elevate and differentiate the brand by offering innovation and emotion through our product assortment marketing and the in-store experience with a special focus on gifting for the season. There were many highlights of the quarter in keeping with our brand priorities. In retail, we successfully cascaded leather goods innovation from our fashion shows and global marketing campaigns with Parker, Charlie and dreamer families, all of which remain strong drivers of the business in the first holiday season. We’ve continued to animate these families with new materials and shapes during the quarter. Likewise, we also reinforced Signature as a coveted brand icon by having the most significant presentation at retail in many years. In addition to the iconic tan coated canvas, we also introduced the metallic signature platform for a festive holiday take on logo and the new elevated jacquard print. As expected, our customers were excited to have Signature back in a meaningful way in their retail assortments. Most broadly, during holiday, we transformed our stores into a festive gifting destination, featuring our whimsical party animals and emotional gifts across all price points. We also continued our momentum in women's ready-to-wear, with strengthened shearling outerwear globally and particularly in China. In outlet, during the quarter we increased the level and frequency of newness and novelty in the channel. We had multiple introductions in the edit, which represents the pinnacle of our outlet assortment. The bestsellers included the new Cassidy Crossbody, the perfect day to evening bag, which was featured in many novelty iterations as well as the Abby Duffle and L Hobo, two shoulder bags in rich pebbled leather. The edit continues to achieve higher AURs globally. In addition, we pulsed multiple gifting messages during the season, including the strong component of festive glitter and metallic bags and small leather goods. We also had a disruptive Wizard of Oz collaboration, bringing the excitement of this holiday classic to a full lifestyle collection, including bags, small leather goods, ready-to-wear, and soft accessories. Overall, Signature product continues to drive sales and our customer is responding to innovation within this assortment. We had multiple iterations of signature newness throughout the quarter, including an exclusive Black Friday capsule, juxtaposing Signature against animal prints. In Q2, logo penetration rose over the prior year. And consistent with our strategy to drive growth outside of our core women's bags and small leather goods categories, men’s continued to comp across channels and geographies, driven by lifestyle, notably outerwear and footwear, as well as small leather goods. In outerwear, shearling styles drove more than half of Q2 ready-to-wear sales. The November launch of the new Rivington family and bags also proved a great success. This family continues to be a focus as we move into spring and beyond. We were very pleased with the performance of our women's and men's footwear assortment globally. In retail, our strong growth was led by our sport and casual offerings, notably women's boots and booties as well as on-trend sneakers across genders. In Q2, strong performance in the C143 sneaker continued across both women's and men's with an expanded offering coming for spring. In outlet, we were excited by the traction we experienced in women's boots and booties, and men's sneakers. Our Signature platform continued to perform well in both our women's and men's offering and across channels. In addition, we have made significant progress in driving our license categories, both in stores and in the broader market. Coach fragrances gained momentum, moving up from the 27th rank to number 16th within the prestige fragrance division of the U.S. department and specialty store market based on dollar sales, according to the NPD Group's point-of-sale data in the 12 months ending December 12, 2018. Further, last month, we announced the global multiyear licensing agreement with Incipio Group to launch mobile device accessories, a comprehensive range of Coach mobile accessories will release on Coach.com and Coach stores worldwide beginning in the fall of 2019 and will be a key part of our holiday programs. We were also delighted with the growth we drove in e-commerce with particular strength in our full price retail dotcom business globally. Of note, Q2 ‘19 was our best dotcom holiday performance ever in North America. During the quarter, we also rolled out our new homepage design, which has seen terrific engagement results as well as enhanced personalization functionality through our product recommendations, which is driving strong conversion results. On stores, our customization program, Coach Create, continued to drive sales in Q2 as we accelerated our offering of customization option, now including footwear and outerwear in addition to leather goods. Customization was offered in 12 countries in 110 stores during holiday, supported by over 200 onsite craftspeople. And by fiscal year-end, this service will be expanded to over 150 stores. Around 300 additional stores are serviced remotely. With the millennial focus on personalization and authenticity, this is not surprising that this program is helping to engage and recruit the younger consumer. Our marketing, our fun and festive 360-degree holiday campaign featuring whimsical holiday party animals and key product families resonated well and drove brand buzz. We continued to drive digital engagement with Selena Gomez's video content to launch holiday. And we augmented the use of global imagery with local ambassadors with Guan Xiaotong in China and Kiko Mizuhara in Japan. As mentioned, a highlight of the quarter was our first ever Shanghai runway show, our first dual gender show outside of New York, which was live streamed and drew significant and positive global attention, both editorially and in media coverage overall. We will continue to leverage the halo from the show during the next few quarters, culminating with the in-store launch of the Shanghai collective, a series of collaborations with Chinese artists that was an integral part of the show. More recently, we’ve launched our partnership with Michael B. Jordan as the first global face of Coach Men and held our first event with our philanthropic partner for the Coach Foundation, The Future Project. To celebrate the launch, Michael surprised students at Barringer High School in his hometown of Newark, New Jersey, generating national TV coverage and driving very-positive engagement across social media platforms. Now, to get into a bit of comp detail on the quarter, the drivers of our overall second quarter performance was fairly consistent with our previous trends, with global comparable store sales in bricks and mortar driven primarily by conversion, reflecting our strong product offering. As noted, we saw continued strength in our e-commerce business globally. During the quarter, our global Coach comp remained solid, rising 1%, accelerating on a two-year stack basis, led by our international markets. Greater China comps rose and accelerated from Q1. And importantly, our business with the Chinese consumer increased globally. Japan comp was very-strong while our other Asia businesses were also positive with Korea the only exception. Finally, Europe comp returned to positive territory. North America also accelerated on a two-year stack basis but comped slightly negatively, reflecting a difficult compare given last year's very-strong holiday quarter performance. We understand that there's been a lot of focus on tourist flows as well as concerns related to Daigou or reseller activity. What we saw over the quarter was the anticipated and continued headwind from the tourist spending in North America. In addition, notably in outlet, we experienced volatility in the spending patterns of some of our customers believed to be resellers in advance of changes in e-commerce laws on the Mainland, effective January 1st. We know this type of activity is prevalent globally for luxury brands, which sell at premiums outside of their home markets. Ultimately, we believe this curtailment of reseller activity will have a long-term benefit to our brand in our business. Importantly, at the same time, we’ve seen an acceleration in local customer demand in both the U.S. and Mainland China. Moving to wholesale, as expected our North America shipments were slightly below prior year, during the quarter, due to shipment timing with the first quarter as well as the closure of certain department store accounts. On a POS basis, we comped up in the quarter, despite the lower level of promotional event days. Our international wholesale revenue rose versus the prior year in Q2, excluding Coach Australia and New Zealand as that business has transitioned to a directly operated retail model. This reflected some shipment timing shift with third quarter. At POS, sales were modestly below prior year on the same basis. Overall, we are satisfied with Coach’s performance in the quarter, in light of the tough compare, volatile tourist trends, notably in North America. Moving forward, we remain focused on, first, delivering a heightened level of newness throughout the pyramid of fashion, price and occasion across channels and geographies; continuing to build on our established and authentic signature platform; driving growth beyond our core bags and accessories; utilizing technology and digital to enhance and modernize the customer experience, notably through customization; and lastly, amplifying our marketing message that balances unexpected brand impact and broad appeal. In summary, we are excited about the spring season and remain confident in the brand’s opportunities for growth, go forward. Moving to Kate Spade, we made continues progress on our integration efforts and the execution of strategic initiatives. That said, our sales fell short of our expectations with second quarter revenue totaling $428 million, down 1% versus prior year. Top line results were driven by new stores in the consolidation of Kate Spade China offset by the deliberate pullback in disposition and the decline in comparable store sales, which fell 11% with our online business outperforming bricks and mortar stores. This comp softness reflected the lack of distinctive newness in the final season from the brand’s previous design team. Given the lack of newness for holiday and our excitement about the new creative direction, we made a deliberate decision to shift marketing dollars from both Q2 and Q4 into the current quarter in support of the launch of Nicola Glass’s new collection. In fact, her spring collection was introduced in our full price channels just last week. And while early days, initial reads have been strong. In handbags, the Nicola group featuring the Spade twistlock hardware, a new brand code, is resonating globally. And Margo, defined by its curved feminine silhouette and crafted from refined grain leather is also performing very well. Perhaps most exciting is the response to her ready-to-wear designs, notably online and across classifications. We believe this indicates that we’re taking the existing customer on the journey with us. Overall, this performance underscores our confidence in achieving a significant inflection in the business with a return to positive comps. At Kate Spade, we continue to focus on our five strategic pillars. First, global expansion, we added 31 net new locations in Q2, including 15 acquired in Singapore and Malaysia and are on track to add 60 to 70 stores globally, including distributor buybacks. To-date, our new doors are meeting or exceeding our expectations at high levels of productivity. Second, branding, we evolved our messaging to play to the brand’s core attributes of fashionable and feminine while addressing fun in a more universal way. In support of Nicola’s debut collection, we cast actress Julia Garner, Sadie Sink and KiKi Layne to star in our new Kate Spade New York campaigns for 2019. The three new faces personify the brand’s promise of optimistic femininity. The campaign was shot by famed photographer and long time brand collaborator Tim Walker, and has launched globally to very positive reviews and engagement. Third, as we’ve discussed, we’re introducing exceptional and aspirational products, upgrading quality through elevated materials and construction while maintaining price, providing excellent value to our customers. And we've begun to create compelling and covetable brand icons and codes such as the Spade turnlock to make our product both instantly recognizable and more distinctive. Fourth, we’re creating immersive channel experiences and have started to roll out new retail and outlet concepts. In fact, of all the openings thus far in fiscal year ‘19, all have reflected the new color palette, enhanced visual merchandising elements, and merchandising by category of our evolved store model. In addition, we’ve made some lifetouch renovations in key existing full price location, approximately 50 in total as of the end of January with a goal of touching approximately 90 locations globally by the end of this quarter. These front room wraps leverage the brand’s new iconography in our specialty stores to appropriately showcase the new product in a cost-effective yet brand-enhancing manner. And fifth, we are leveraging the Tapestry platform and capturing synergies for Kate Spade through COGS and indirect savings as we optimize our supply chain, notably for bags and small leather goods from raw materials buying and manufacturing to transportation and logistics. The Kate Spade team is also tapping into Tapestry’s resources and expertise such as global business development and store construction to accelerate growth and improve profitability over time. As we look ahead for Kate Spade, we continue to expect that it will be a year of solid revenue growth, driven by new distribution, acquisitions and consolidations of distributor businesses and a return to positive comps during the second half and notably in the fourth quarter when all specialty products will evolve to new designs. And while we remain confident that Nicola’s product will drive an inflection in the business, we have now built in a slightly more muted top line assumption for the balance of the year, given the weaker than expected performance of the carryover product, which we’ll be transferring to outlet. Importantly, as previously noted, over our three-year planning horizon, we continue to believe that Kate Spade can approach $2 billion in sales at significantly higher operating margins. Turning to Stuart Weitzman, we were pleased to meet our objective of returning the brand to topline growth in the holiday quarter. This reflects the progress the SW team has made in executing our FY19 strategic priorities. First, we continue to evolve and refine our product development processes and supply chain, addressing the challenges that arose last spring. Importantly, production levels and shipments have stabilized, reflecting the investment in talent and processes as well as the added manufacturing capacity. Of course, we recognize that there is still work ahead to optimize our production and delivery schedules, especially for the global wholesale market to allow us to capture the in-season replenishment orders. With the rollout of our world-class Tapestry IS platform in the months ahead, the team is excited by the prospects of capturing this opportunity. Second, we’re expanding our footwear offering in new classifications while maintaining our authority in iconic Stuart Weitzman style. During the quarter, we experienced growth in booties, loafers, sneakers and pumps where we have notable product newness. Third, we are expanding globally with the focus on the Chinese consumer. We are encouraged by the brand’s performance in China where we’ve acquired our business from our distributor partner and are focused on driving awareness and increasing market share. This spring, we’re particularly excited to launch a capsule collection in collaboration with Yang Mi, a leading celebrity and influencer in China. In fact, her first post for the brand on her own feed drove 48 million views and was reposted 700,000 times in the week after launch. In addition, in January, prior to lunar New Year, we opened an additional seven locations on the Mainland in our new modern and elegant store concept. Fourth, we’re driving growth beyond footwear, gaining credibility in handbags and leather goods. This quarter, we introduced the brand’s new spring collection of handbags which generated exceptional growth. We continue to see significant opportunity to grow the brand’s handbag offering, given the complementary nature of the footwear and bag categories. And fifth, we are creating brand desire through bold and modern marketing. We’re thrilled to have just launched our new marketing campaign, introducing Kendall Jenner, Yang Mi, Willow Smith and Jean Campbell as the season’s diverse cast of #SWWomen. This campaign with its global relevance highlights the brand’s core attributes and values of using fashion, function and fits. In summary, we’ve made significant progress in addressing the challenges in our supply chain, while at the same time evolving the brand's creative direction through product and marketing. Overall, we would expect improvement in the second half versus the prior year with the third quarter still pressured by investments and the fourth quarter approaching breakeven levels of profitability, on strong sales growth. We remain excited about the opportunities for the brand across geographies, classifications, and categories and are confident in our long-term vision.  Before handing the call over to Kevin for details on our financial results and guidance for fiscal 2019, I would like to touch on our CFO transition. As we announced in November, tomorrow will be Kevin's last day with Tapestry. He has been a key member of our leadership team, and I speak for the entire organization in wishing him success as he embarks on his next chapter in Tennessee. Until a new CFO is named, I am extremely excited to share that Andrea Resnick will serve as our interim CFO. All of you know Andrea, and her exceptional knowledge of the business and leadership will ensure that we do not miss a beat. Importantly, our strategic priorities remain unchanged with our experienced and proven teams across Tapestry focused on their execution. With that, I will turn it over to Kevin for the financial review of the quarter and our outlook. Kevin?
Kevin Wills: Thanks, Victor, for your warm wishes. I have truly enjoyed my time at Tapestry and leading exceptional finance team. Good morning, everyone. Victor has just taken you through our quarterly results and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of the quarter as well as our outlook for fiscal year ‘19. Before I begin, please keep in mind that the comments I’m about to make are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results as well as the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. Now, turning to the financial results for Tapestry. Total sales for the quarter rose 1% on a reported basis and 2% in constant currency to $1.8 billion. While we delivered growth over our solid prior year results, our performance felt short of our internal expectations due primarily to softness at Kate Spade while comparable store sales were impacted by the lack of newness in the last season under the previous design team. That said, we were pleased to generate growth at Couch, reflecting positive comparable store sales led by international outperformance as well as strong growth in our digital platforms. And at Stuart Weitzman, we achieved our objective of returning the brand to sales growth in the holiday quarter. Turning to gross margin. Our gross margin for the quarter rose 10 basis points to 67% on higher level of sales. The expansion in our margin was driven by Kate Spade, which rose 120 basis points, fueled by the realization of COGS synergies as well as a 10 basis-point increase in gross margin in Coach, which included 45 basis-point of currency benefit. These increases were partially offset by decline in gross margins at Stuart Weitzman of 380 basis points, which included 200 basis points of pressure from currency. SG&A expenses totaled $805 million and represented 44.7% of sales as compared to $783 million and 43.9% respectively in the prior year. The increase in SG&A expenses was driven, as projected, by cost associated with regional buybacks and JV consolidation, new store distribution at Kate Spade as well as a higher level of marketing at Coach. Our operating income totaled $402 million in the quarter as compared to $411 million in the prior year, while operating margin was 22.3% as compared to 23%, reflecting the higher level of investment versus prior year. As projected, net interest expense was $13 million for the quarter as compared to $22 million in the prior year. Our effective tax rate was 20.3% as compared to 21% in the prior year's Q2. Taken together, our EPS was a $1.07 in the quarter, even with prior year. Now, moving to global distribution by brand. For Coach, we opened a net two locations in the quarter. We opened 16 net new Kate Spade locations while acquiring 15 stores in Singapore and Malaysia. And for Stuart Weitzman, we opened seven new locations in Q2. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. At the end of second quarter, our cash and short-term investments were approximately $1.5 billion while our borrowings outstanding were $1.6 billion, consisting primarily of senior notes. As previously discussed the reduction in our deposition as compared to the prior year as the Q2 reflects, the repayment of $1.1 billion in term loans in January of 2018. Inventory levels at quarter end were $732 million as compared to ending inventory of $666 million in the year-ago period. The increase in the prior year was primarily driven regional buyback activity over the past 12 months. Net cash from operating activities was an inflow $618 million as compared to an inflow of $535 million a year ago. Our CapEx spending was $61 million versus $78 million a year ago. Free cash flow was an inflow of $557 million versus $457 million in the same period last year. Now, turning to our capital allocation policy. Our long-term priorities remain unchanged. First, we will continue to invest in our brands in order to drive sustainable growth and value creation; secondly, we will seek strategic acquisitions, looking for great brands with opportunities for expansion; and finally, returning capital to shareholders with the focus on dividends. Overall, our strong balance sheet will support our growth initiatives while allowing us to maintain strategic flexibility. Now, moving to our 2019 outlook. As noted in our press release, in light of our second quarter results and the uncertain global environment, we are revising our outlook for FY19. Consistent with our prior practice, the following guidance is presented on a non-GAAP basis and replaces all previous guidance. Starting with sales. We expect total revenues for Tapestry in fiscal 2019 to increase at a low to mid-single-digit rate from fiscal 2018. This includes the expectation for low-single-digit growth at Coach, driven by continued positive low-single-digit comps. In addition, we continue to project an increase in Tapestry’s gross margin for the year, although to a lesser degree than originally anticipated. That said, on a lower level of sales, we expect this improvement to be offset by SG&A deleverage, given the impact of regional distributor buyback activity and systems investments. Net interest expense is expected to be in the area of $50 million for the year. The full-year fiscal 2019 tax rate is projected at about 18% to 19%. The increase over prior year is due primarily to the introduction of a new tax regime, requiring a current inclusion in U.S. federal taxable income of certain earnings that control foreign corporations known as GILTI. We expect our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year to be approximately $293 million. Overall, we are projecting earnings per diluted share for the year in the range of $2.55 to $2.60. It is important to note that we continue to expect meaningful variability by quarter in the back half of the year. We’re planning a higher level of SG&A growth in the third quarter, based upon the timing of a regional buyback activity, new store opening plans and our investments in systems as well as the shift in Kate Spade marketing spend Victor mentioned. While in Q4 we expect revenue growth to accelerate, as we gain traction at Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, enable us to drive leverage. Therefore, taken together, we would expect operating income and EPS to decline in the third quarter, while increasing in Q4. We still expect CapEx to be in a range of $300 million to $325 million in FY19, which we would anticipate to be the peak level spend over our planning horizon. We expect to incur nonrecurring pretax charges of approximate $35 million attributable to the Company's ERP implementation efforts. We also expect to incur pretax integration and acquisition charges of approximate $80 million to $90 million. The increase versus our prior estimate includes additional expenses associated with organizational streamlining Victor mentioned, which will result in cost savings in FY20 and beyond. It also reflects the higher cost of purchase accounting related to distributor buybacks. Finally, turning to our fiscal year ‘19 directly operated distribution plans by brand which are unchanged. For Coach, we continue to expect a modest net decrease in our store count in FY19 due primarily to net closures in North America and Japan. For Kate Spade, we remain on track to grow the brand’s directly operated store base by 60 to 70 net new locations in FY19. Specifically, we continue to project 40 to 50 net new door openings, notably in international markets where we see significant opportunity for growth. We've also added 21 locations to the acquisition of brand’s operations for Singapore, Malaysia and Australia. And for Stuart Weitzman, we expect to open approximately 30 net new locations this fiscal year, primarily in China. In addition, as previously announced, following the successful buyback of the brand’s business in northern China in FY18, we acquired the brand’s operations in southern China where there are total of six locations. Beyond this fiscal year, we’re also pleased to have entered an agreement to buy back the Stuart Weitzman business in Australia, which is expected to close by this summer. In closing, we are focused on balancing near-term transitional challenges with our longer term goals. We remain confident in the power of our brands and multi-brand operating platform and are targeting double-digit operating income and EPS growth outlook for FY20. Importantly, we have a healthy balance sheet to support our strategic priorities and a strong team to drive results. I would now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is coming from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim.
Bob Drbul: Hi. Good morning. I actually have two questions this morning. I think the first one, given these results and the updated outlook for 2019, what gives you the confidence in double-digit operating income and EPS growth in 2020 and your ability to operate this multibranded model? And my second question is, when you think about the Kate Spade positioning right now, what gives you the confidence in Kate’s inflection, what are you seeing quarter-to-date? Can you give us a little bit more detail around that piece? Thanks.
Victor Luis: First, I think, to your first question in terms of guidance for FY20. There are two important themes as we target mid-single-digit topline growth with the double-digit operating income and EPS growth. The first theme is lapping key investments that we've made and the second theme is traction from the brand investment that we’ve made, specifically around Stuart Weitzman, and of course Kate. So, more specifically, as we enter Q4 of this fiscal year, we will have lapped all of the strategic brand investments, especially in Asia where we bought back, as all of you are aware, distribution for Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman. And by the end of Q3, that will mostly be behind us. And I can share with you all that I’ve spent some time with those teams on the ground in December. And we have really talented and very-focused teams there and we’re getting [Technical Difficulty]
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we apologize. But, there will be a slight delay in today’s conference. Please hold and the conference will resume momentarily.
Victor Luis: Hello. Operator, can you hear us? 
Operator: Yes. We can hear you now.
Victor Luis: Okay, great. Thank you. Sorry about that everyone. We lost one of our mics there for some reason. I’m just going to start at the beginning, Bob, with your question because I’m not sure when we lost the line and that first mic. But, as I was suggesting, two very important themes, one is lapping the key investments that we’ve made and two is the traction that we are getting from key brand investments that we are making, specifically around Stuart and Kate. And more specifically around those two themes, as we enter the fourth quarter, we will have comped all of the investments and the distribution, buy backs in Asia, especially in the key China market for both Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade. And as I was sharing, I’m not sure if you guys heard during the call, but I visited those teams in December and can share my excitement, not only by the strength of the talent that we have on the ground and the investment that we’ve made in structure but the performance that they are already driving for us, which of course we start comping from the fourth quarter. Also, as you heard in our speakers’ notes, we are really pleased with the successful implementation of the SAP S4 HANA platform. We were the first and are the first company globally to be on this new version of SAP. It started with the implementation and finance for Tapestry, Coach and Stuart Weitzman early last quarter and just this week in fact where on day two, we have implemented the entire foundation of this platform in Kate Spade including supply chain, logistics and the systems and cost savings that we expect from that and system efficiencies, have given us the confidence, along with the continued experience that we have in operating as a multibrand model to look for more efficiencies in the organization, which we discussed as well and Kevin touched up, as we move forward. As a result, by I would say Q4, we will be closer to the growth rates that we actually expect in FY20, having comped both the strategic investments and benefiting from the brand inflections that we expect in Stuart Weitzman as we comp last year's issues that we experienced, and you saw some of that already in the last quarter, as well as Kate Spade. And what I can share with you in regards to Kate Spade, obviously we normally don’t talk about comp within the quarter and I won’t talk holistically, but I can definitely share with you that in Kate Spade, we’re really pleased with the lunch, we’re entering the second week here and we have seen a definite inflection. By the end of third quarter we will have 50% of the product in the full price channel will be complete newness, and by the end of the fourth quarter 100% of the product will be complete newness, and that’s what we experienced here in Kate Spade with the lack of newness, the teams were focused on driving just that and driving innovation. We made a decision, as you heard in the speakers; notes, a shipped investment, both from the second quarter, as well as from the fourth quarter toward this launch. Hopefully some of you have followed the launch, whether it’d be on social media and look at the very positive engagement that we’re seeing, overwhelmingly positive. I encourage you to go, it be Facebook, whether it be Instagram, and see the reaction that we’re getting. And there is few things that I would share so far as early highlight. First and foremost, handbags incredibly well received, especially pleased by the fact that the iconography has been especially pleased. We have discussed over and over the need for platforms that can drive sustainable long-term growth. And the new branding on Kate Spade is exactly that, and we’re seeing the consumer react to that very, very positively; we’re seeing that across ready-to-wear, we’re seeing that across hand bags, we’re seeing that across jewelry as well, which excites us. Secondly, ready-to-wear. Ready-to-wear is a very important part of the Kate Spade business, much more sold than our other businesses. And in the case of the new launch, we’re really excited that that’s resonating well. And that is the most important point that we can make in terms in taking the current consumer along with us on the Kate Spade journey, under Nicola’s direction, so that as well excites me. And what we saw in the second quarter and actually beginning from September was that the product and the lack of newness, especially in our full price channel and our full price -- meaning full price brick and mortar and full price dotcom, and that’s what really led to the drop in comp. And we have a newness that’s coming in that’s truly global and truly a reflection of the product. So, hope that gives you some color, Bob and to the others on the call as well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Irwin Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Irwin Boruchow: So, I guess, I have my question on the gross margin line. Kate Spade, you guys talked about, carryover inventory, given the sales performance at holiday into the third quarter. What kind of a gross margin impact should we be thinking about for Kate Spade in the third quarter, could Kate gross margins be down? And then, also, you would talk about the Coach gross margin being a little less optimistic on that for the fiscal year. Just kind of can you talk about that, the promotional environment, what exactly the puts and takes are there. 
Kevin Wills: On the Kate Spade carryover, we did come out with in the speakers’ note and we expect that to put some incremental pressure on the third quarter results. We’re not giving specific margin guidance by quarter. And on Coach, again, due to the promotional nature of the North American business, we have expected some pressure there as well. So, taken together, that was one of the reasons that we were looking to reduce the guidance in the back half.
Victor Luis: Yes. And I would just add something. Obviously, with the lack of performance of the product that was in stores, we could have easily been much more promotional, gotten rid of that inventory. We made a very clear decision not to be more aggressive in the full price channel, not only to create of course an overhang with consumers as we launch new product, but more specifically because we have tremendous confidence in the new products coming in, and we have a lot of confidence that that product can and will work effectively well in the outlook channel as we exit this quarter and beyond. And relative to the total business, we think that impact will be minimal.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Schick of Consumer Edge Research.
David Schick: You called out Parker and some of the other platforms that were working. Is anything changing with cycle time in the industry, and how long one of these platforms matters and iterates? And sorry to follow on to these Kate questions. Does the repositioning, as you do that and you have more data, do you think about the real estate portfolio any differently there? 
Victor Luis: I’ll ask Josh to first talk a little bit about the Coach specifically and life cycles. And then, I'll touch on Kate.
Josh Schulman: Good morning. So, I think it’s an interesting question about cycle times and how the customer is responding to fashion. On the one hand, the customer is wanting more and more newness. I think that you can see that in how we’re dropping products more frequently in different ways, surprising and delighting the customers. At the same time, when you have an important platform like Signature, that is part of something that is not a seasonal trend, that is something that you can really build over the course of many years. And I would say, that’s one of the things that we’re most proud of in our product performance right now. It has been very deliberate way that we launched Signature over the past year, which is now in the high teens globally, in our retail channel. And we’re continuing to sustain higher AURs in signature, and the customer is really responding. So, the answer to your question is both. She wants fashion, she wants newness. But, for the brands where she has a very close affinity and a deep love, she wants to wear that icon proudly. And so, we’re seeing both impacts on our business.
Victor Luis: And David, relative to Kate and the evolution of that brand and its impact on the real estate, I think we’re all aware of the key investments of course that we talked about over the past year, first and foremost, reducing both the flash model as well as the urban disposition channel to the of $100 million, which is a key investment that we should think about in terms of long-term brand health; secondly, in terms of physical and other channels go forward. Kate footprint is much higher, I think relatively clean. We’re incredibly pleased with the new store format that we launched and the performance that we’re seeing. So, we’re being very thoughtful about how we leverage that go forward and the tremendous amount of attention right now in terms of wardrobe [ph] is on of course Asia with a specific focus on China where we’re seeing very solid performance. Again, couldn’t be happy with that team and the work that they are doing. And we start comping that business of course in the months ahead.
Operator: Your next question is from Erinn Murphy of Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: My question is around -- to see overall category and Couch’s position in it. I think, you said that category grew high single digits and Couch was up 1.5%. I’m curious to see where from a global prospective you’re seeing some of the share loss relative to where the growth is in the category? And what are the levers that you think are most actionable to kind of reaccelerate the Coach brand relatively to where the market is growing today. Thank you.
Victor Luis: Overall, we have not seen a change in theme, Erinn, from the last few quarters. I would say that globally this past quarter, most of the growth is coming -- or outsized growth coming especially from Asia, China domestically being and continuing to lead. And I would say that a lot of the growth is coming from a couple of the traditional European brands that are driving outsized dollar performance with the U.S. this past quarter having grown closer to a low single to mid single digit rate relative to the high single digit rate that we saw globally with a slight deceleration from the September quarter. In terms of what drives this at the end of the day, Erinn, it is the same things we’ve discussed; it has a lot to do obviously with brand’s connection and the motion, innovation and consumers and driving desirability with consumers. So, everything that we’ve been doing for the past several years, obviously we’re in a very different situation, very different distribution than the traditional European luxury brands, has been focused just on that. We have worked still ahead of us but continue to be incredibly satisfied with the progress made and of course never fully satisfied with the realization that it never ends and there is lot ahead of us. And I’m really excited by what Josh and the team have planned for the next 12 months in terms of both products and marketing, and of course couldn’t be happier with the work that Nicola and Anna are doing on Kate. Again, I highly encourage you guys to go and experience that over this quarter and next as everything rolls out. And of course, Eraldo and the team at Stuart Weitzman, when we think about the progress in just 12 months getting back first to deliveries and then kicking off this quarter with a really innovative marketing campaign, encourage you guys to stay tune for that one because there is more coming. And the Yang Mi collaboration for China, very exciting where that’s getting again tremendous buzz. So, very excited by the brand work being done and us getting a return on those investments.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Oliver Chen of Cowen and Company.
Oliver Chen: Thank you. Regarding the Coach brand and the go forward for merchandise margin, what are your thoughts on merchandise margin with respect to what you're seeing with tourism spending and balancing, making sure you’re offering a great value to the customers? And at the Kate Spade brand, with distinctive newness and the rebalancing that's happening with new product, could just give us some color on what happened with the product mix and the average unit retail and number of transactions, or thoughts around what the new product is versus what wasn't enough newness within those activities? Thank you.
Victor Luis: Sure. Let me start first with Kate. There is not a tremendous shift, Oliver. So, this was not about a price repositioning by any means. There were two very important themes here. Newness in terms of really innovative and I would say emotional products for the consumer, creation of brand recognizable platforms that allow us to then bring those across different categories and create sustainable long-term growth platforms within branding is absolutely vital to that and we’re on our way, and nothing but two weeks of course. But, I think you all go online and you see the reaction and you see how consumers are responding to the Spade logo and how we are beginning to play with that in print and hardware and in other branding applications, could not be happier by that. And very pleased that the consumers is seeing the Kate Spade’s emotional attributes and I talked about that on our speakers note as remaining consistent. And of course, we will test those every six months go forward but very excited by the initial results there. So, really, no mix I would say. The key drivers for us have been of course the synergies that we’ve been able to drive. So, the theme and the strategy has been very consistent, new product, more emotional products, greater perception of value at greater perceived quality at similar price points and mix to where we had been in the past. I’ll let Josh touch a little bit on Couch merchandise or gross margin in terms of any impact going forward. Josh?
Josh Schulman: Yes. So, for the full-year, we continue to anticipate gross margin expansion for Coach. And in the second half, it should be fairly flat as we’re anniversarying some of the key cost benefits we got from GSP last year. Speaking more specifically about the product strategy that drives the gross margin, as we talked about on several of these calls, we really have the line architecture around good, better, best, both for retail and for outlet. And I think in our retail channel, you’ve seen the work that we’ve done this past year in the 300 to 400 price segment, particularly around Parker and Charlie and some of those lines that have become quite significant. And now, we’re starting to see the impact of Dreamer and some of the latest introductions. We’re very excited about Harmony coming online at somewhat higher price points as well. And it’s really the same for us in outlet too. And so, you can see the price architecture there. We have focused on marketing, the added marketing, our pinnacle line. And we’re really learning a lot about what the outlet customer will pay from that exercise, and how we can influence future collections, updates on that. When we think about that on a global basis, often it is our international customers, our Chinese tourist customers and our Chinese customer at home that is most willing to pay for the top of the pyramid product with the highest AURs, whether that’s in handbags or in ready-to-wear and so forth. So, we’re feeling good about the work we’re doing. And we always want to keep the balance. So, there is always some things to be done. There are always product holes to fill in when you’re dealing with such a broad consumer.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Just a follow-up on Coach for Josh or Victor. So, you mentioned pressure from reduced sales to resellers at Coach outlet; furthermore, Coach marketing and distribution strategy is really aimed at capturing sales in Mainland China. So, I'm wondering to the extent of the changes in tourist shopping patterns have a structural component, what if anything needs to be done to right size the North American outlet footprint.
Victor Luis: I would say, first and foremost, on the resellers and the Daigou mark. We all know of course that this is something that exists across all brands relative to the price difference with their home markets. I’ve been experiencing this since I entered the luxury goods business in 1994 in Japan, so absolutely nothing new; it’s driven by economics, driven by arbitrage and very, very difficult to control. Most brands, subs included have limits in place. We try to manage these things. But, quite often, there are organized groups who come in and by very small quantities, one at a time and leveraging of course the arbitrage and pricing. The key for us is that, given the change -- and for us, the entire industry has the change and we don’t know how well it’s going to be enforced. But, given the changes in laws in China, specifically the Chinese government is trying of course to drive domestic consumption. They’ve made a few changes, the most important change of which is requiring all of these Daigous to register as businesses domestically as well as in the country where they are purchasing products. That is leading to a lot of changes from what we are learning; there is still very much in learning stages to some extent. But, overall, what we’ve seen is that the law will now make the digital platforms liable for this, which is driving some change in the flows, whether it’s movements from some digital platforms in China to the more social platforms where they sell or in some cases, some individuals getting out of the business completely. And for us, the key there is first and foremost long-term we think it’s absolutely amazing, obviously it will help our brand as the Chinese government mostly protects our IP and they’ve been great partners overall over the years to us when we’ve looked to protect IP, specifically as it relates to of course, online and safe products. And secondly, of course, for us, the key has been to leverage the investments that we’re making in Mainland China. We’ve talked about that I think throughout the whole morning and of course for the past year, whether it would be the investments we made in Coach and continue to make including the significant fashion show as well as buying back our businesses at Kate and Stuart Weitzman. We’re very committed to it. We think that that’s the long-term path. We don’t see a change as a result of any of that to our North American outlet footprint, where these folks are active happen to be the most important markets where we’re in. And so, we don’t see any impact at all to the real estate footprint.
Operator: Today’s final question is coming from Simeon Siegel of Nomura Instinet.
Simeon Siegel: Any color on where you expect inventory over the rest the year? And then, just there were some comments on watches. I believe it is relatively small part of your business; any way to quantify how big that business is for Coach and Kate? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Yes. In terms of the watch business, as you suggest, it’s very small. We are I think really pleased with the work that both Movado and Fossil are doing and trying to bring new technology into it. It has never been significant for us in our own stores and remains a pretty small business. On the license front, what we’re now really excited by from a bigger presence perspective and category of course are sunwear both in stores and globally with Luxottica as well as of course our fragrance businesses. And of course we have Sofio of course for Kate in sun wear but really pleased with the fragrance business and the work that Interparfums is doing there for the Coach brand. In terms of new licenses, we did touch on the fact that we’ve signed with Incipio, really pleased with the work they’ve done for Kate. And we know that they are going to be a great partner for the Coach brand overall.
Kevin Wills: As it relates to the inventory, as noted in our prepared remarks, we ended the quarter with inventory up about 10% year-over-year. However, if you remove the inventory associated with the regional buyback activity, the inventories were up approximately 3% for the year. So, we feel good about inventory as we head into the second half.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude Q&A. I will now turn it over to Victor Luis for some concluding remarks. Victor?
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea. Thank you, everyone. Let me first thank Kevin again for all of his wonderful work over the past almost two year with us as we laid down the foundation for Tapestry. And I want to thank and congratulate Andrew as she steps in for this interim role and we have a tremendous amount of confidence in her and of course the team supporting us. Thank you all for joining us. And as is our custom, I want to thank the 20,000 strong Tapestry team members across of the world for the wonderful job that they are doing and all of the hard work that they are putting in. While it continues to be early days in our multi-brand journey, could not be prouder of the solid foundation that they continue to lay and the hard work they are putting in. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the Tapestry earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-10-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Resnick - Global Head of IR & Corporate Communications Victor Luis - CEO Kevin Wills - CFO Joshua Schulman - CEO & President, Coach Brand
Analysts: Bob Drbul - Guggenheim Securities David Schick - Consumer Edge Research Irwin Boruchow - Wells Fargo Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Oliver Chen - Cowen and Company Mark Altschwager - Baird Alexandra Walvis - Goldman Sachs Simeon Siegel - Nomura Instinet
Operator: Good day, and welcome to this Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Andrea Resnick, Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Andrea Resnick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer; and Kevin Wills, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our quarterly report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today in our presentation slides. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information as well as the related reconciliations on our website, www.tapestry.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release posted today in the presentation slide. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our first fiscal quarter 2019 results for Tapestry as well as our three brands. Kevin Wills will continue with details on financial and operational results of the quarter and our outlook for FY '19. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, Tapestry's President and Chief Administrative Officer and Joshua Schulman, CEO & Brand President of Coach Brand. Both Eraldo Poletto and Anna Bakst are travelling and could not attend. Following Q&A, we will conclude with some brief summary remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Victor Luis, Tapestry's CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. At the one-year anniversary of our establishing Tapestry as our new corporate identity, our results continue to reflect the benefits of our diversified multi-brand model. Our solid first quarter performance was consistent with our expectations, as we achieved strong increases in sales and operating income, while earnings per share gains were further enhanced by a favorable tax rate. Our teams across Tapestry remain focused on executing our four strategic priorities. First, continuing to harness the power of our multi-brand model. Driven by gross margin expansion, synergy capture was evidenced in the significant operating leverage we achieved in Kate Spade's first quarter results. To that end, we remain on track to achieve run rate synergies from both COGS and SG&A of approximately $100 million to $115 million in fiscal 2019, up from $45 million in fiscal year '18. We've also continued to make progress on building a scalable shared services model, including investments in systems and infrastructure to support our current and future growth initiatives. Earlier this month, after over two years of designing, building and testing, we deployed the first phase of our ERP implementation SAP's S/4HANA, successfully migrating our global finance functions for Tapestry, Coach and Stuart Weitzman with Kate Spade to follow during the third quarter. And as part of our Tapestry culture and core values focused on good corporate citizenship, we issued our annual corporate responsibility report, the first to include both Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade available on tapestry.com. This report is centered on the progress we've made on our three strategic corporate responsibility pillars; environment and supply chain, community engagement and employee empowerment. We were also delighted to become a signatory to the UN Global Compact earlier this month. Second fueling innovation; across all of our brands we were and are focused on delivering distinctive newness and compelling product across categories and channels. We understand that innovation is what drives velocity of purchasing in our key categories and having a nimble, flexible supply chain, which we leverage across brands, enables us to deliver a higher level of innovation with increased frequency. Nowhere was this focus more apparent in our runway shows for Coach and Kate Spade during New York Fashion Week as well as Stuart Weitzman's Spring Collection, showing for the trade, all of which were very well received. Third, driving global growth, during September and October, we completed the buybacks of the Kate Spade operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia, as well as the Stuart Weitzman business in Southern China. We were also excited to announce an agreement to acquire the Stuart Weitzman business in Australia from our distributor partner, which is expected to close next summer. These initiatives will allow us to accelerate international growth and enhance each brand's development in these markets. As in the case of the initiatives previously announced, these agreements are focused on two global strategic priorities. First, leveraging the opportunities for our brands with the Chinese consumer globally and secondly, unlocking the value of a multi-brand operating model. While we understand that there are some near-term concerns around Chinese luxury spending, we view China's heightened emphasis on driving domestic demand as entirely aligned with where we are making our investments across brands. This is evidenced by our recent distributor buybacks, new store openings and marketing spend. Indeed, we believe further investment in domestic markets with China, the most important, is the best hedge against the volatility that may at times occur into our spending. During the first quarter, we added 24 net new stores across brands, including the acquired businesses. These new locations were primarily focused in international markets and took our directly operated store total to 1,456 and fourth, advancing our digital and data analytics capabilities. Across all brands, we driving superior results for our online channels and remain committed to delivering a seamless online, offline experience. Our data labs team is focused on further strengthening and integrating our customer database platform and supporting customer relationship management programs in each of our brands, advancing data tools to drive aggregate business insights across the organization, innovating with advanced analytics to optimize key processes, for example using machine learning on product allocation, pricing or promotion planning. The team is making substantial progress on helping us become even more data-driven and predictive, building on the solid foundation we have created. Early accomplishments include, focusing the team into four main groups;; data engineers, data scientists, product teams and business analytics. Moving all of our data in-house into the cloud, hugely important for security, agility and capacity and integrating North America and Japan customer data for Kate Spade into our central database. Finally, taking the learnings from coach and implementing customer capture reporting and tracking capabilities for all of our stores across all of our brands. Moving forward, we remain focused first and foremost on execution. As you know, our goal is to deliver strong revenue and operating income growth in fiscal 2019 while making the right strategic investments to support our long-term vision and return to double-digit operating income and EPS growth in FY '20. Overall, we are proud of our continued progress in the first quarter and remain very excited about the opportunities ahead for Tapestry and each of our brands. Now returning to the first quarter results and starting with category trends. During the first quarter, we estimate that the men's and women's premium handbag and accessories market, which is now over $45 billion grew at a high single-digit rate globally on an organic basis, consistent with the June quarter. In US dollars, the growth rate was also a high single digit, a slight deceleration from the prior period given the appreciation of the dollar. Looking at specific brand performance and starting with Coach global comparable store sales rose about 4% in Q1 led by outperformance in digital and reflected our compelling offering across categories and channels. Further, we drove leverage to the operating income line through significant gross margin expansion. There were many highlights of the quarter in keeping with our brand priorities. In retail, we successfully cascaded leather goods innovation from the runway with the introduction of the Dreamer family. This silhouette was initially shown in our February show and offers a range of sizes, embellishments and materials with most SKUs at $495 and above. It launched as the leading family in August and has maintained its position in terms of handbag penetration. In addition, our Charlie and Parker Bags groups remain strong. We continue to reinforce Signature as a coveted brand icon by expanding the offering through a new feminine rose print and across multiple styles and categories, significantly expanding the platform's reach. In September, we continued our partnership with Selena Gomez, launching our new cross category collection. This included Salina's first ready-to-wear assortment with the brand along with two new handbags The Bond and the vintage-inspired trail crossbody and the selection of belt bags and small leather goods. In outlet, we innovated to elevate with a substantial number of new style introductions. Included among the launches was the Edit in August, a collection of fashion-forward bags with elevated materials, hardware and luxury detailing. The customer embraced the value proposition, offered by these handbags and we achieved a substantially higher AUR on this product and consistent with our strategy to drive growth outside of our core women's bags and small leather goods categories, men's continue to comp across channels and geographies, driven by lifestyle, notably outerwear, ready-to-wear and footwear as well as specialty accessories. We were particularly excited to announce Michael B. Jordan as the first global face of Coach menswear business. His partnership with Coach will include global advertising campaigns for men's ready-to-wear accessories and fragrance beginning with the spring 2019 season. The partnership will also include special design projects with Stuart Beavers. Partnering with Michael who is both cool and authentic, will allow us to reinforce and strengthen the focus that we've put on our men's business. We were very pleased with the performance of our women's and men's footwear assortment globally. In retail, our strong growth was led by our sport and casual offerings, notably on-trend sneakers. In outlet, we were excited by the traction we experienced in sneakers as well as women's loafers, slides and men's drivers. Our Signature platform also performed well in both our women's and men's offering and across channels. We were also delighted with the growth we drove in e-commerce with notable strength in our full price retail.com business, both in North America and globally. The first phase of our site redesign is already in play with updated checkout functionality. We've also rolled out our digital clienteling platform Client Compass and our purchase feedback Client Loop to North American stores and dot com. On stores our customization program Coach Create celebrated its one-year anniversary this month. Customization is now offered in 110 stores, supported by over 200 on-site craftspeople and by fiscal year-end, this service will be expanded to over 150 stores. An additional 200 plus locations currently offer the service through other facilities in North America and Asia with the millennial focus on personalization and authenticity, it is not surprising that this program is helping to engage and recruit the younger consumer. Naturally, it also drives a higher UPT, given that the customer starts with a handbag purchase and then adds on embellishments. Overall, you will see continued expansion across women's and men's styles each month for customization as we move through fiscal year '19. On marketing, we launched our fall campaign with new global faces and influencers, along with a cool update to our successful Selena Gomez marketing of last fall and of course, our New York Fashion Week presentation again received praise from the editorial community. As mentioned, we were also excited to announce Michael B. Jordan as the first Global Ambassador for Coach Men's. More recently, we announced a new philanthropic partner for the Coach Foundation, The Future Project. This is an organization dedicated to providing dream directors in schools with high degrees of poverty in order to help students find the tools to unlock their own personal dreams. We are delighted to find a nonprofit that aligns so closely with Coach values and leverages our partnership with Michael B. Jordan to work with the brand on its first hash-tag Dream It Real Campaign. Now to get into a bit of comp detail on the quarter. Overall, our first quarter performance was fairly consistent with our previous trends with global comparable store sales in bricks and mortar driven primarily by conversion, reflecting our strong product offering. In addition, we saw traffic rise in stores globally, which was not surprising given the impact of natural disasters and holiday shifts in the prior year. Augmenting these in-store gains, was the strength we saw in our e-commerce business globally. During the quarter, our global Coach comp remained solid, rising 4%. North America and our international group comps were similar to the global level. Greater China comps, which now includes Taiwan, rose and importantly our business with the Chinese consumer increase globally. Japan was also positive while our other Asia businesses were quite strong. Europe comp was slightly negative, up against a strong comp in the year ago quarter, while European total sales rose driven by new distribution. Moving to wholesale, our North America shipments again grew significantly during the quarter, driven in part by footwear while our promotional days in the channel continue to decline sharply from last year. We are especially pleased with our core handbag and accessory sales growth at retail across our department store partners. Our international wholesale revenue was slightly below prior year in Q1, excluding Coach Australia and New Zealand as the business has transitioned to a directly operated retail model. At POS, sales were essentially even with prior year on the same basis. Overall, we are very pleased with Coach's performance in the quarter and moving forward, we believe we are well positioned to generate global growth, driven by delivering a heightened level of newness throughout the pyramid of fashion, price and occasion across channels and geographies. Continuing to build on our established and authentic signature platform, driving growth beyond our core bags and accessories, utilizing technology and digital to enhance and modernize the customer experience, notably through customization and amplifying our marketing message that balances unexpected brand impact and broad appeal. Looking ahead to holiday our goal across all channels is to continue to elevate and differentiate the brand by offering innovation and emotion through our product assortment, marketing and in-store experience with a special focus on gifting for the season. Specifically in retail, this holiday season we will transform our stores into the ultimate gifting destination, featuring our whimsical party animals and emotional gifts across all price points. We also address all her holiday party needs with festive platforms and polished -- and a polished evening capsule. We will reinforce our Dreamer, Parker and Charlie handbag silhouette in new sizes, materials and Luke's iterations. This will be the first holiday for each of these iconic silhouettes. Metallics for data evening take center stage with the many Dreamer 21, new updates to Parker, including a sophisticated carryall and chic backpack to round out our best-selling Parker shoulder bag and crossbody. And of course this will also be the first holiday in many years that signature will be available in a meaningful way in our retail channel. We are building on the momentum by expanding the offer with new silhouettes and introducing metallic signature for our festive holiday take on logo. In men's as well, we have increased flow of newness including a non-trend assortment of lightweight leather and leather trim signature coated canvas backpacks and belt bags. And in outlet, for the upcoming holiday season, we continue to innovate the assortment with the introduction of great new elevated silhouettes. In November, we offered new gifting bags across a range of sensibilities and price points. We are especially excited about the edit for holiday including Cassidy, a perfect evening shoulder bag with a sophisticated chain strap. In addition, our gifting assortment is stronger than ever with the infusion of glitter and an expansion of boxed gifts, including jewelry, small leather goods and cold-weather accessories. As in retail the men's assortment introduces more modern leather goods silhouettes appropriate for active casual or the modern workplace together with a broader range of outerwear and lifestyle accessories. This year we will deliver a particularly strong Black Friday assortment. For the first time, we are offering the full range of lifestyle categories, including outerwear and shoes in addition to leather goods. In addition, we launched an exciting new cross category collaboration to surprise and delight our consumers in the peak of the holiday season. This emotional capture offers fun holiday novelty with glitter and limited edition collector's items in Signature. In summary, we are excited about the holiday season and remain confident in our belief that the Coach brand will achieve another year of solid revenue growth. Moving to Kate Spade, Kate Spade contributed significantly to our overall performance as we made continued progress on our integration efforts, including the realization of synergies and the execution of strategic initiatives. Most importantly we were delighted by the very positive editorial and trade reception to creative director Nicola Glass's inaugural collection presented at the brands Spring 2019 New York Fashion Week runway show in September. This underscores our confidence in the return to positive comps in the second half of the fiscal year when the full collection launches globally. Looking at results, first quarter sales totaled $325 million up 21% from prior year. Top line results were driven by new stores and the consolidation of Kate Spade China. Sales also benefited from the inclusion of a full quarter of revenues, as compared to the prior year, which excluded the 11-day stub period when Kate was not yet a part of Tapestry. This growth was partially offset by a plant pullback in wholesale disposition as well as the global decline in comparable store sales, which fell 5%. Our online business was strong as we anniversary last year's pullback in surprise flash sales. Comps were impacted by the lack of distinctive newness to drive the business as we prepared to transition to Nicola's new creative direction. In addition, as previously noted, there was a pull forward of sales into the June quarter, which had reflected the strong and immediate heartfelt response from loyal customers to the tragic news of the founder's passing. In retail full priced handbags, small leather goods and tech, posted gains and within bags, backpacks were standout driving significant year-over-year increases. We also generated strong performance in totes and crossbodies while the suede bags from our White Rock Road and Hayes Street groups were well received. Personalization was also successful with our Make It Mine collection continuing to trend. Growth in small leather goods was primarily driven by crossbodies and wristlets. Importantly, we are pleased by the customer response to the spring capsule, the Buy Now feature of Kate Spade's runway show available for only two weeks in September, The Nicola medium shoulder bag featuring the Twist Lock Hardware, a new brand code was particularly well received. We also saw continued success with our ready-to-wear zoning test with comps trending above balance of chain, driven by conversion and expect to roll this out to nearly 40 more stores over the balance of the fiscal year. On the outlet side, we saw success in nylon with strong performance in both bags and accessories, led by our Poppy Print. Backpacks continue to trend with our smaller shapes performing exceptionally well. Given the outlet consumer's focus on durability, remains important to our bag and wallet business. We also drove excellent results with our convertible shoulder bag as the customer appreciated the multifunctional aspects of this bag and its day to evening versatility. Outside of handbags and outlet, we've seen jewelry and ready-to-wear perform well, notably dresses and outerwear as well as scarves. Under the leadership of Anna Bakst and Nicola Glass, we continue to make progress on our five strategic pillars in the first quarter. First on global expansion, we added 21 net new locations in Q1, including six acquired in Australia and are on track to add 60 to 70 stores globally including distributor buybacks. To date, our new doors are meeting or exceeding our expectations at high levels of productivity. Second branding, we are evolving our brand messaging to play to our core attributes; fashionable and feminine, while addressing fun in a more universal way and we've begun to create compelling and covetable brand icons and codes such as the spade tune lock to make our product both instantly recognizable and more distinctive. Third, we are introducing exceptional and aspirational product as seen last month at New York Fashion Week, upgrading product quality through elevated materials and construction, while maintaining price, providing excellent value with our unique optimistic feminine positioning. Fourth, we are creating immersive channel experiences and have started to roll -- and have started to roll out our new retail and outlet concepts. In fact, all of the openings thus far in fiscal year '19 have reflected the new color palette, enhanced visual merchandising elements and merchandising by category of our evolved store model. And fifth, we are leveraging the Tapestry platform and capturing synergies for Kate Spade through COGS and indirect savings, as we optimize our supply chain, notably for bags and small leather goods from raw materials buying and manufacturing, through transportation and logistics. The Kate Spade team is also tapping into Tapestry's resources and expertise, such as the global business development and store construction teams to accelerate growth and improve profitability. As we look to the year ahead for Kate Spade, we remain confident that it will be a year of double-digit revenue growth, driven by new distribution, acquisitions and consolidations of the distributor businesses and positive second half comps and as previously noted, over our three-year planning horizon, we continue to believe that Kate Spade can approach $2 billion in sales at significantly higher operating margins. Finally at Stuart Weitzman, trends improved from prior quarter with sales only slightly below last year, though results as anticipated continue to be negatively impacted by development and delivery delays, which pressured sales and margins. Importantly, production levels and shipments have now stabilized, reflecting the investment in talent and processes we have made as well as the added manufacturing capacity. As a result, we remain on track to achieve profitable sales growth in the holiday quarter. During first quarter, we were pleased about the consumer response to our new updated classic pumps and loafers as well as the SW 612 sneaker, which came in towards the end of the quarter and has seen excellent uptake. Given market trends, we had shifted investment into booties and saw success in North America and Asia. Our new backstretch booties the 50-50 are now to our iconic boot and performed strongly, which also bodes well for the reserve booty just introduced last week. Importantly, during the quarter, we continue to make progress in addressing the issues which arose last spring, as we continued our transition from a founder-led shoe manufacturer to a truly scalable global multi-category footwear and accessories brand and as mentioned, the Stuart Weitzman team and business is expected to benefit greatly from the rollout of our Tapestry IS platform over the coming quarters. Looking to fiscal year '19 our strategic priorities for Stuart Weitzman have not changed and are focused on creating a clear direction and improved execution, the impact of which will have longer-term benefit beyond just the year ahead and to create a stable platform for sustainable growth. First and foremost, we are focused on further evolving and refining our product development processes and supply chain. We understand that this underpins our ability to achieve all of our goals and therefore is our most immediate priority and as I just mentioned we've already made significant progress and will continue to do so. Second, we will expand our footwear offering in new classifications while maintaining our authority in boots and sandals. Third, we will expand globally with the focus on the Chinese consumer. As you know, we bought back our Northern China distributor in mid February and closed on the acquisition of our Southern China business last month. We are delighted with the traction we are seeing with the Chinese consumer globally. We were also excited to re-launch our brand in Japan where we believe our unique blend of design and comfort will be embraced by the local consumer as well as the Chinese tourist. During the first quarter, we opened in the top two department store locations in the country, Isetan [ph] in Tokyo and Hunky in Osaka. Different from our distributor run SW businesses of the past, this time around in Japan, we're operating the location directly in close partnership with and gaining the synergies of the existing Tapestry infrastructure. Fourth, growth beyond footwear, gaining credibility in handbags and leather goods, which we show to the trade for the first time during market weak this August and fifth, we are creating brand desire through powerful 360 degree marketing. We are building brand relevance with consumers through our identifiable seasonal advertising campaigns. To this point we are very excited about our destination boots activation across all channels, which launched earlier this month and we will be launching an influencer project in China this spring with a leading fashion influencer, while continuing to benefit from our strong celebrity following globally. In summary, we've been successfully addressing the challenges in our supply chain and will be fully back to quality and on-time deliveries this quarter. We remain excited about the opportunities for the brand across geographies, classifications and categories and are confident in our long-term vision under Eraldo's leadership and the very talented team he has built at Stuart Weitzman. With that, I'll turn it over to Kevin for the financial review of the quarter and our outlook. Kevin?
Kevin Wills: Thanks Victor and good morning. Victor has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of the quarter as well as our outlook for fiscal year '19. Before I begin, please keep in mind, the comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results as well as the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. In addition, as previously announced, beginning in FY '19, we changed our expense reporting to more closely align with the organizational structure and management of the business. Accordingly, our Q1 results are presented on this basis and our prior year results have been recast for comparability. For more information, please see our earnings release as well as the 8-K filed with the SEC today. Now turning to the financial results for Tapestry; overall, we delivered strong results in the first quarter highlighted by revenue, operating income and EPS growth, reflecting the benefits of our multi-brand model. Total sales rose 7% reported and constant currency basis to approximately $1.4 billion. Touching on performance by brand, we delivered 4% growth at Coach, reflecting positive comparable store sales gains with both North America and international increasing over prior year. At Kate Spade, sales increased 21% on a reported basis or approximately 8% on a pro forma basis assuming we own Kate Spade for the entire quarter of the prior year. Sales were primarily driven by new store distribution and the consolidation of the joint ventures for Mainland China Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, partially offset by negative comparable store sales and the strategic pullback in wholesale disposition sales. At Stuart Weitzman, sales were down 1% versus last year as expected as development and delivery delays continue to pressure results. Turning to gross margin, we generated significant gross margin expansion with total Tapestry gross margin of 67.8% up 170 basis points versus prior year, driven by an increase of approximately 250 basis points at Coach due to product cost benefits and the anniversary of the inventory mix challenges in the prior year. Currency was a benefit of approximately 70 basis points to Coach's year-over-year gross margin increase in the quarter. In addition, Kate Spade's gross margin expanded 270 basis points versus the prior year, reflecting the realization of COGS synergies as we migrate the brand on to the Tapestry supply chain. Stuart Weitzman's gross margin was down 790 basis points versus prior year, including 600 basis points of pressure from currency. SG&A expenses totaled $755 million and represented 54.6% of sales as compared to $683 million and 52.9% respectively in the prior year. The increase in SG&A expenses was driven as projected by costs associated with regional buyback and joint venture consolidations as well as Kate Spade new store distribution. Our operating income totaled $181 million in the quarter, representing an increase of 7% over prior year's operating income of $169 million. Operating margin was 13.1% in line with prior year, driven by strong margin expansion at both Coach and Kate Spade partially offset as anticipated by pressure at Stuart Weitzman. As projected, net interest expense was $13 million for the quarter, as compared to $21 million in the prior year. Their effective tax rate was 15.8% as compared to 19.3% in the prior year's Q1. The tax rate for the quarter was lower than projected driven by the benefit from ASU 2016 - 09 equity compensation deduction, which cannot be forecasted. In addition, the net impact of the US tax legislation changes compared favorably to our expectations with the guilty provision resulting in a lesser headwind than originally anticipated, while we also benefited from the foreign derived intangible income or FDII deduction. Taken together, our EPS was $0.48 in the quarter up 16% over prior year. Now moving to global distribution by brand, for Coach we closed a net of five locations globally. We opened 15 net new Kate Spade locations globally, while acquired six stores in Australia and for Stuart Weitzman, we opened two net new locations and acquired six stores as part of the buyback of Southern China business. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. At the end of the first quarter, our cash and short-term were approximately $1.1 billion while our borrowings outstanding were $1.6 million consisting primarily of senior notes. As previously discussed, the reduction in our debt position as compared to prior year reflects the repayment of $1.1 billion in term loans in January 2018. Inventory levels at quarter end were $821 million as compared to ending inventory of $853 million in the year ago, a decrease of 4%. As a reminder, we did not normalize Kate Spade's inventory levels into the back half of 2018. Importantly, we felt comfortable with our inventory position heading in the holiday season. Net cash from operating activities was an outflow of $19 million as compared to an outflow $104 million a year ago. Our CapEx spending was $55 million versus $49 million last year. Free cash flow was an outflow of $75 million versus an outflow of $153 million in the same period last year. Now turning to our capital allocation policy, our long-term priorities remain unchanged. First, we will continue to invest in our brands in order to drive sustainable growth and value creation. Secondly, we will seek strategic acquisitions looking for great brands with opportunities for expansion and finally, returning capital to shareholders with a focus on dividends. Overall our strong balance sheet will support our growth initiatives, while allowing us to maintain strategic flexibility. Now moving to our 2019 outlook, consistent with our prior practice, the following guidance is presented on a non-GAAP basis. Starting with sales, we continue to expect total revenues for Tapestry in fiscal 2019 to increase at a mid-single-digit rate from fiscal 2018 to $6.1 million to $6.2 billion. This includes the expectation for low single-digit growth at Coach driven by continued positive low single-digit comps. We expect Kate Spade sales to increase at a double-digit rate from reported fiscal 2018 results, fueled by new distribution as well as positive comps in the second half of the year. As discussed, we expect Stuart Weitzman revenue growth in the second fiscal quarter. In addition, we continue to project the operating income growth rate to exceed the revenue growth rate, driven by gross margin expansion, offset in part by SG&A deleverage. Our operating income growth reflects the organic gains of our business, the realization of incremental synergies from the Kate Spade acquisition as well as the impact of distributor consolidations and buybacks and systems investments. In addition, our guidance now contemplates the expected impact of announced China tariffs on handbags, which represent less than 5% of tapestry's production. Net interest expense is still expected to be approximately $50 million for the year. The full-year fiscal 2019 tax rate is now projected at about 19% to 20%. The increase over prior year is due primarily to the introduction of a new tax regime requiring a current inclusion in US federal taxable income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations known as guilty. The decrease from the previous FY '19 tax rate guidance of 21% to 22%, reflects additional clarification around the impact of the guilty provision, the expected benefit from the foreign-derived and tangible income of FDII deduction and the actualized impact of the ASU 2016 – 09 equity compensation deduction in the first quarter. We continue to expect our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year to be approximately 295 million. Overall, we are now projecting earnings per diluted share for the year in the range of $2.75 to $2.80 up from the previous guidance range of $2.70 to $2.80. We still expect EBITDA to be in the range of $300 million to $325 million in FY'19, which we would expect to be the peak level of spend over our planning horizon. As outlined in our press release, we now expect to incur nonrecurring pretax charges of approximately $20 million attributable to the company's ERP implementation efforts and estimated pretax integration and acquisition charges of approximately $60 million. Finally, turning to FY '19 directly operated distribution plans by brand. For Coach, we continue to expect a modest net decrease in our store count in FY '19 due primarily to net closures in North America and Japan. For Kate Spade, we remain on track to advance directly operated store base by 60 to 70 net new locations in FY '19. Specifically, we continue to project 40 to 50 net new door openings, notably in international markets where we see significant opportunity for growth. We've also added 21 locations to the acquisition of the brand's operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia and for Stuart Weitzman, we expect to open approximately 30 net new locations this fiscal year, primarily in China. As announced, following a successful buyback of the brand's business in Northern China in FY '18, we acquired the brand's operations in Southern China for there were a total of six locations. Beyond FY '19, we were also pleased to announce an agreement to buy back the Stuart Weitzman business in Australia, which we expect to close next summer. In closing, we are pleased with our first quarter performance and the progress we've made on our strategic initiatives. We remain committed to the goal of delivering solid sales and operating income growth in fiscal 2019, while making the right strategic investments to support our long-term vision and return to double-digit operating income and EPS growth in FY '20. Overall, we continue to be optimistic about global opportunities across the Tapestry portfolio of brands, supported by very healthy balance sheet and a strong team to drive results. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A. Question-and-Answer Session
Operator: Thank you. At this time, the floor is opened for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim.
Bob Drbul: Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk about China, what is your exposure to the Chinese consumer across the Tapestry portfolio and how are you feeling about your focus on the Chinese consumer and given was transpiring?
Victor Luis: Well, total tapestry Bob, we're more in the mid-to high teens today in terms of sales to Chinese consumers, which compares with some of the traditional luxury brands being as high as 30 a more. So really points to still tremendous opportunity for us and which is one of the reasons we're incredibly excited about the investments we're making in that market across all the brands. As we've pointed in the past, all of the conditions there still point to tremendous opportunity for growth. You've got a very large market, very fast growing middle class. Coach, which is the most mature brand in that market has a 32% unaided awareness, which points to tremendous opportunity still as well for that brand and as well for Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade, which are doing very well in the early stages there based on our experience of course over the last decade with Coach and have unaided awareness in the 2% to 3% range. And today we've touched 70 cities with our brands, which compares with 160 cities in that market that have a population of a million a more. So just really excited about the opportunity there that consumer in the category there with the Chinese consumer continues to outpace the growth that we're seeing globally overall and some of the current fluctuation that we see are nothing new to what we've seen in the last decade, especially driven by of course exchange rates fluctuations.
Bob Drbul: Great. And if I could just ask a follow-up, on the Kate Spade business, can you just talk about how you're feeling about in the minus five comp and do you have any concerns on the second half inflection that you've been looking for?
Victor Luis: No, look if we take a look at both the fourth quarter and the first quarter and take a look at the two-year stack in brick-and-mortar you'll see that performances has been quite consistent. Obviously there was a little bit of support from the Internet business as we are no longer comping the flash pull back that we had last year. Incredibly pleased with the work that the team has done in driving all of our synergies and of course that's reflected in the 270 Bps gross margin improvement that we saw and as you suggested, we've always talked about the inflection taking place in the second half once we get new product into stores, which we're very excited about. So not only are the internal teens excited about it because they we've already bought it. All of that is heading in Q3, but we're also getting excitement from our wholesale customers, which we've seen in their enthusiasm and as I mentioned in my notes Bob, the capsule that we've launched for a couple of weeks got really nice positive reaction. So overall, very pleased. What we're seeing still today is just consistent performance over the last quarter, which has been impacted by the continued lack of newness until Nicholas collection comes in and potentially a small pull forward in sales in the quarter which was really reflected in the strong and immediate impact that we saw from loyal customers to the tragic news of our founder's passing. So all pointing towards the guidance that we've given.
Bob Drbul: Great. Thank you very much.
Victor Luis:
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from line of David Schick of Consumer Edge Research.
David Schick: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Congrats on the traffic, talking about Coach brand and if you could update us on the traffic was a driver of comp as you said, but update us on the different traction you're seeing in the price strata that's been helpful in the past, thank you.
Victor Luis: Sure. I'll let Josh discuss that.
Joshua Schulman: Yeah, in both channels, we have a strategy of good, better, best and what you see in the retail channel is that AUR continue to be down reflective of our deliberate strategy to build the $300 to $500 price bucket, which really started in the spring in the second half of our fiscal '18 and some of the strength of those introduction notably Parker and Charlie continued into the first quarter. In addition, we were really pleased by the introduction of Dreamer, Victor referenced in his opening remarks and that starts really -- the key skew start $4.95 and up from there. So we're feeling really good about our price mix in the retail channel. In the outlet channel, also as Victor mentioned, we were encouraged by the customer response to the edit, where we did see a higher maintained AUR in that particular product. Of course the edit represented a relatively small penetration to the total and so as a result, it didn't have a meaningful impact on the EUR in outlet in a significant way. That said, as you know our gross margin outlet and specifically in North America outlet, it expanded significantly in the first quarter and so we were really pleased with the learnings we've seen on the edit and we are introducing an even broader array of newness with the holiday floor set that launches over the weekend. So we're excited about what we're seeing and we look forward to seeing the customer's reaction to this as we go into the peak of the holiday season.
David Schick: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Irwin Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Irwin Boruchow: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Congrats on a nice quarter. So Victor, so more so for the Coach brand, maybe could you just talk about at a higher level the promotional nature of the North America handbag business in the first quarter, any directional changes good or bad for price or outlet? And then quickly for Kevin, as it relates to the really strong gross margin performance that you just saw in the first quarter, any chance you could piece out how much of that is cost tailwind versus pricing and then how you think about gross margin for the remainder of the year at Coach?
Victor Luis: I'll let Josh first discuss the promotional environment and then we'll let Kevin jump in on gross margin, Josh?
Joshua Schulman: Yeah, the promotional environment really didn't change that much from what we've been seeing for most of the calendar year. And as I mentioned, we were able in that environment to deliver significant expansion in our gross margin. So we expanded 250 basis point from the prior year and specifically within there are our North America gross margin did expand significantly from last year as well as our entire North America direct businesses.
Victor Luis: And Kevin?
Kevin Wills: Sure. Good morning. Overall we were very pleased with the gross margin performance for the quarter as we indicated up about 170 basis points. We have not giving specific guidance on a gross margin increase for the year, but reflective in our guidance, we are expecting aggregate gross margin expansion for the year. As Victor mentioned earlier, we feel good about the synergy work we're doing which was reflective in part in the Kate gross margin performance for the quarter.
Irwin Boruchow: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from -- our next question comes from line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thanks. Good morning and nice job. Just a couple for me. Wanted to go back on huge for you guys on tariffs, you said your guidance now assumes the tariffs. Is it assuming they go up to 25% and then I know a lot of your peers that have a much bigger exposure to China production are increasing price. Do you have any plans for price increases in Spring '19? Just trying to understand how you guys see the playing field particularly in your price segment working at we move into '19?
Kevin Wills: Sure. This is Kevin. I will take the tariff question. As you indicated the 5%, excuse me, the 10% tariff went into effect in the latter part of September increasing to 25% January 1. We have included that in our guidance and it is having a little bit of a headwind for us. But as we indicated in our comments, the good news is our production of China is less than 5%, on handbags and small leather goods. So while a little bit of a headwind, it's certainly not material impact at this point.
Erinn Murphy: And so you're not taking pricing in Spring of '19?
Kevin Wills: At this moment, we have no such plans. Of course we'll continue to look at what happens should think ship, but at the moment, we have no such plans.
Erinn Murphy: Got it. And if I could just ask a clarification on David's outlet question, can you just reference where AURs are now versus their former peak, thanks?
Kevin Wills: In terms of AUR by channel, we don't decide those and provide those Erinn, but Joshua, could you add anything?
Joshua Schulman: Nothing more than what I explained about what we're seeing in the pricing trends in general.
Erinn Murphy: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Oliver Chen of Cowen and Company.
Oliver Chen: Hi. Thank you. Michael B. Jordan announcement is exciting, what are your thoughts in terms of how that will impact your customer profile in which product lines you see the most opportunity and any learnings from prior brand ambassadors that you'll take here? And then briefly on China, what are your thoughts on the Chinese customer shopping as he shops broad and how that may manifest in your traffic profile and also we've seen a little bit of caution on China consumer confidence. So just wondering how that interplay into what you're thinking, great quarter, thanks?
Victor Luis: Sure. Thank you. Let me start China and then I'll hand over to Josh on Michael Billion, Jordan and the exciting work that the team is doing there. In terms of China, most of the impact that we see are in much more than a lot of talk that we have heard about Daegu and under border controls, is really based on the experience that we've had over the last decade or so around exchange rates of course and the impact that, that has around traffic flows globally. And of course the appreciation or the appreciation of the dollar and depreciation of the R&D being the most impactful to travel. Overall, we feel really good about the domestic consumer. We're not seeing any negative impacts right now and concerns around their confidence I would say and what's exciting is that I think over the last decade we've seen that whenever there has been the potential for such shocks Oli, the accessible luxury brands have feared well. We may not grow as quickly in the great times compared to traditional luxury, but when there are periods of crisis, we tend to be much more resilient as consumers continue to look for value and I couldn't be more excited about the long-term opportunity for our brands in that market, on Michael B?
Joshua Schulman: So we couldn't be more excited about having Michael B. Jordan as our first global face for the Coach men's business. We've talked before as you know about the importance of men's as a driver for total Coach growth and it's currently about 20% of our business and we see a clear path to $1 billion and beyond. And the collaboration with Michael B. Jordan really started in quite inorganic way because he was already wearing Coach in a lot of his appearances and we saw that he has a truly universal appeal and is really hitting his stride in his career and the types of projects and the types of preps he is getting. I will tell you that a steward and the entire team are so excited to be working with them. I don't know if you saw in social media, they were posting already this weekend shooting their first campaign together. They're already working on a product capsule and so this is really organic energy around him and the values that he represents and the universal appeal that he holds. So we're looking forward to great things from the collaboration.
Oliver Chen: Thank you. Very helpful. Best regards.
Victor Luis: Thanks Oliver.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning. Thank you. I wanted to circle back on the Coach comp. Q1 results could benefit from the easier comparison last year. Could you just talk about how you're thinking about in the pace of growth over the remainder of the year and any change that you're expecting in the relative contribution from North America versus international? And then separately, I think Victor at the beginning you talked about how true spending can be volatile, I am wondering are you seeing signs about volatility picking up at all, within your North American source, thanks, and great quarter?
Victor Luis: In Q1, we were very pleased with the performance in both North America and international. As we look forward, we believe that we will be able to achieve the low single-digit comps in our guidance and obviously Q1 has the easier compare and as we go into the next quarters and particularly to the holiday period we have no change in our expectation either on the overall comp or on the geographic distribution of that.
Joshua Schulman: Thank you. And mark in terms of the tourists flow, it's pretty consistent over the last few quarters. What we're seeing is Asia performing better overall as the PRC consumer, the Chinese consumer continues to discover those markets from Japan down into Southeast Asia and Australia much more so today than the US or Europe. So pretty consistent trends.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Al Walvis of Goldman Sachs.
Alexandra Walvis: Good morning. And thanks for taking the question. I had a question on Stuart. You reiterated your guidance to achieve profitable sales growth in the second quarter. I was wondering if you could walk us through the changes that we should expect to see in that business from the first quarter to the second quarter that are likely to drive that inflection. I would be interested to understand the holiday strategy at the brand when new innovations are likely to be phased in and then finally whether there any more delivery and development delays or are we past those at this stage?
Victor Luis: Sure. Actually very exciting and this upcoming week we begin very much on-time deliveries of our pre-spring products. So we are now fully back on track and on time and all of that product benefits from a lot of the work that the team has done in regards to fit and comfort and fashion. So very excited about that. Of course the read that we have on that product right now is both the orders from wholesale as well of course as our own internal teams buying it for our other stores. So in many ways I would say that we are returning to the core strengths of the brand. From a marketing perspective, you have seen that we've been very focused on one of the brand's strengths for the fall winter season, which of course is boots and booties and very excited with the launch as I mentioned in my notes of our newest category, which is in the sneaker space the SW 612 sneaker, which has been very well received and the team has been in chase mode right now to put back into inventory globally. So I would say that Eraldo and the team of course now focused on execution into the future seasons, but from basically the first week of November we're back to very timely deliveries quality and are on track and have put the issues of the spring behind us.
Alexandra Walvis: Thank you. Very helpful and all the best.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one more question. Our question comes from Simeon Siegel of Nomura Instinet.
Simeon Siegel: Thanks. Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Congrats on a strong Coach margin. Sorry if I missed it. Did you say how North America versus international was? And then just with the moving pieces of the license, are there any that are still licensed out geographically to think about, thanks.
Victor Luis: Simeon, the second part of your question on distribution buybacks.
Simeon Siegel: Yes.
Victor Luis: Yeah the vast majority across all the brands now are complete. So I would not expect anything further in the near-term as we have very much now executed to our strategy of capturing the biggest opportunities, which we mentioned of course being in Asia and with a focus on the Chinese consumer. And then in terms of U.S. and international, I'll let Josh touch on that.
Joshua Schulman: Yes we had said that both US and international were similar to global.
Simeon Siegel: On the comp or the margins?
Joshua Schulman: In terms of comp.
Simeon Siegel: I was just wondering if there was…
Joshua Schulman: And the margins as well. We saw global increases in margins and I specifically mentioned North America Direct and North America outlet. As you remember last year, we were particularly challenged in that channel with mix issues, but we did see it globally, the margin expansion.
Simeon Siegel: Great, thanks a lot guys. Best of luck.
Joshua Schulman: Thank you.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you for joining us today. I'll now turn it back over to Victor for some concluding remarks, Victor?
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea. Just want to say thank you to all of you joining us as usual and want to close by congratulating all of our Tapestry and brand teams as we celebrate the first anniversary of rebranding. They worked incredibly hard and I could not be prouder of our 20,000 strong team members across of the globe. More importantly we're laying an incredible foundation for a robust business model at the house of strong brands and I could not be more excited by the endless opportunity ahead of us. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's call. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-08-14 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Resnick - Global Head of IR & Corporate Communications Victor Luis - CEO Kevin Wills - CFO  Joshua Schulman - CEO & President, Coach Brand Eraldo Poletto - CEO & Brand President of Stuart Weitzman Anna Bakst - Chief Executive Officer and Brand President of Kate Spade.
Analysts: Bob Drbul - Guggenheim Securities Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Oliver Chen - Cowen and Company Mark Altschwager - Baird
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Tapestry Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Andrea Resnick, Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Andrea Resnick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly and annual results are Victor Luis, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer; and Kevin Wills, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer. In addition, our 3 CEO and Brand Presidents, Josh Schulman for Coach, Anna Bakst for Kate Spade and Eraldo Poletto for Stuart Weitzman, will be joining us. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees, and our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ending December 30, 2017, our annual report on Form 10-K, the press release we issued this morning and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors that could impact our future results and performance. Non-GAAP financial measures are included in our comments today in our presentation slides. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information as well as the related reconciliations on our website, www.tapestry.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release posted today on the presentation slide. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our fourth fiscal quarter and full year 2018 results for Tapestry. Our brand CEOs will then review FY '18 and outline their strategies for their respective businesses, focusing on FY '19. Kevin Wills will continue with details on financial and operational results and our outlook for FY '19. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, Tapestry's President and Chief Administrative Officer. We will then conclude with some brief summary remarks. I'd now like to turn it over to Victor Luis, Tapestry's CEO. 
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As you read in this morning's press release, our strong fourth quarter results capped an excellence fiscal year '18 performance, which demonstrated the power of our multi-brand model. Importantly, we achieved our overall sales and operating income guidance, driving significant growth, while earnings per share outpaced our forecast. It was also a year of many milestones for our company. We completed the acquisition of Kate Spade and evolved into a true house of brands, establishing Tapestry as our new corporate identity. Our company is built upon shared values of optimism, innovation and inclusivity in a common platform, while our unique brands, Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, retained their distinctive personalities, respecting their individual narratives and positioning. We also strengthened our executive and creative leadership across our brands with a clear focus on global talent to execute our strategic vision. At Coach, we reinforced our regional leadership with the appointments of Laura Dubin-Wander as President, North America; and Fredrick Malm as President, Europe & International Wholesale. We also brought Cristiano Quieti, who is Head of Jack Spade, to lead Coach's ms business across channels. At Kate Spade, we named Anna Bakst as CEO and Brand President in March, joining Creative Director, Nicola Glass, who started in January. We now have the right senior management in place to lead the talented Kate Spade team and drive the business globally. At Stuart Weitzman, we're delighted to have Eraldo Poletto at the helm, who joined us as CEO and Brand President last quarter. He brings 30 years of fashion experience and a proven track record in luxury, brand growth. And most recently, we brought in renowned footwear designer, Edmundo Castillo, as Head of Product Design. At Tapestry, Fabio Luzzi joined Tapestry's Global Strategy and Data Labs team as Vice President of Data Labs and Customer Analytics. In addition, we brought fresh perspectives to our board with the appointment of new directors, all with extensive and relevant business experience in innovation, digital and business operations. Finally, we announced several important business development initiatives during the year, which allow each of our brands to assume greater direct control over their international distribution. To this end, we're excited to announce that we've now entered into purchase agreements to acquire Kate Spade's operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia as well as Stuart Weitzman's business in Southern China. These locations will transition to our brand's management in the September-October time frame. As we demonstrated with our past experience, controlling these businesses directly allows us to accelerate international growth and enhance each brand's development in these markets with only a limited impact on near-term profitability as they transition. As in the case of the initiatives previously announced, these agreements are focused on 2 global strategic priorities: First, leveraging the opportunities for our brands with the Chinese consumer globally; and secondly, unlocking the value of a multi-brand operating model. Moving to category trends. During the fourth quarter, we estimate the men's and women's premium handbag and accessories market, which is now over $45 billion, grew at a low double-digit rate globally, benefiting in part from the weaker U.S. dollar. On an organic basis, we estimate that the global category rose high single digits, similar to the March quarter. The strong fourth quarter number drove the trailing 12-month growth rate to a low double-digit rate in U.S. dollars and high single-digit on an organic basis. Looking at other categories, which play an important role in Tapestry's growth. In FY '18, we also estimate the global men's and women's premium footwear category at about $30 billion and the premium outerwear category at about $12 billion. Both grew at a high single-digit rate in constant currency. Very positive global macroeconomic factors, including strong consumer confidence, historically low unemployment, rising consumer spending and stock markets near all-time highs, have driven consumer demand across our categories. Additionally, we see the resurgence of logo and branded product, which started with the European brands, as an incremental tailwind. However, we must note that there is uncertainty in the FY '19 macroeconomic outlook, which could impact market growth in the year ahead. Moving forward, we are focused first and foremost on execution. Our goal is to deliver strong revenue and operating income growth in fiscal 2019 while making the right strategic investments to support our long-term vision and return to double-digit operating income and EPS growth in FY '20. Specifically, this year, we will: first, continue to harness the power of our multi-brand model. To that end, we remain on track to achieve run rate synergies from both COGS and SG&A of approximately $100 million to $115 million in fiscal 2019. We're also building a scalable shared services model, including investments in systems and infrastructure to support our current and future growth initiatives. Second, fuel innovation across brands, which Josh, Anna and Eraldo will speak to in detail shortly. And fourth, advance our digital and data analytics capabilities. We have made significant investments in our data infrastructure and database architecture. Today, we have nearly 120 million names in our global database and have a very high capture rate across channels, and we remain focused on growing and enhancing our database over time. Moving forward, the opportunities for us to leverage digital connectivity and data analytics from the front to the back of house is boundless. We've created a learning agenda, which includes exploring AI and machine learning for inventory management, merchandising and pricing analytics, to name a few. Overall, our strong fiscal 2018 performance reflected the benefits of diversification across brands, geographies and categories. We're proud of the progress we've made this year and couldn't be more excited about the opportunities ahead for Tapestry and each of our brands. I will now turn over the call to our brand CEOs to walk through their respective results and strategies for fiscal year '19, starting with Josh to discuss Coach. Josh? 
Joshua Schulman: Thanks, Victor, and good morning, everyone. Coach posted a strong finish to fiscal 2018 with positive fourth quarter comparable store sales, again led by outperformance in North America and driven by fashion innovation across materials and price points. In addition, and as expected, we drove significant gross margin expansion in the uarter, driving the full year margin above prior year levels. Taken together with tightly controlled expenses, we achieved operating income growth and operating margin expansion for the quarter and the year. Looking at the full fiscal year, there were many highlights. In retail, fiscal 2018 represented a pivotal year for our global business as several of our key strategies in product marketing and stores came to life. Fueled by the power of Selena Gomez in our marketing campaigns, we successfully executed our strategy to reinvigorate the $300 to $400 handbag price segment, with Charlie and Parker as the key new winnings to (inaudible). Stuart Vevers relaunched Signature as part of his spring fashion show, and the customer immediately embraced this elevated expression of this brand icon. We grew categories outside of our core leather goods, notably, women's footwear in its first full year under Coach ownership as well as ready-to-wear, driven by outerwear and other classifications of apparel.  In outlet, though we entered the year challenged by voids in our product assortment and inventory mix, we were able to put these problems behind us by the important holiday period. As we moved into spring, we were able to achieve higher margins on introductions of new innovative products. Specifically, we established precedent for commanding a premium on overt novelty. And we've proven the outlet consumers' appetite for footwear through the relaunch of the category in the second half of 2018.  In men's, we saw strength across categories and channels as we created greater demand for our lifestyle assortment with compelling specialty accessories and outerwear. In addition, our men's fragrance performed well. We were also delighted with the growth we drove in e-commerce with notable strength in our retail dot-com business, both in North America and globally.  On stores, we've made significant progress since the launch of our customization program in October. Coach Create enables customers to cocreate select products with unique details. We are very excited by the volume and increasing traction we are seeing over the 9-month period since launch. Particularly exciting is the way this personalization resonates with millennial customers. In many doors globally, this customization is done on-site by a Coach craftsman while the customer shops, a point of differentiation from other brands that offer personalization. We also continued to expand our monogramming service, which is now available at over 50% of our global direct retail fleets, immersive craftsmanship bars or monogramming stations.  On marketing, we drove our fashion authority through our well-received runway shows and amplified our global brand message through both our successful collaboration with Selena Gomez and by working with local influencers in key regional markets. We had a lot of fun with the subversion of our Signature during Q4, which will continue into FY '19.  We also made significant shifts in our marketing mix from print to digital this year. This drove customers to all channels globally, and we have particular strength in the North American and European e-commerce businesses.  In our FY '18 North America brand tracking survey, we were excited to see Coach posting meaningful increases in being viewed as on the way up by both the broad premium consumer and specifically, with millennials. We believe that this improvement in brand momentum is the collective impact of our marketing strategy with Selena Gomez, emphasizing the brand's beautiful and confident positioning, our merchandising strategy focusing on the sweet spot of $300 to $400 bags, the well-received relaunch of Signature and our increasingly personalized store experience. I could not be more proud of the global Coach teams for creating these positive customer impressions every day.  Now to get into a bit of comp detail on the quarter before I move on to our strategies for the year ahead. Overall, our fourth quarter performance was very consistent with our second and third quarters with global comparable store sales in bricks-and-mortar, driven primarily by conversion, reflecting our strong product offering with ticket also up. Internet performance globally exceeded our store comp.  During the quarter, our global Coach comp remains solid, rising 2%. North America, again, outperformed despite a tougher sequential compare with the Easter shift into the March quarter. Overall, Greater China comps rose, while Japan was also positive. Europe comped negatively, up against a double-digit comp in the year-ago quarter, while sales rose driven by new distribution. In aggregate, for the full fiscal year, comps matched our low single-digit Coach brand guidance.  Moving to wholesale. Our North America shipments again grew significantly during the quarter, driven in part by footwear, while our promotional days in the channel declined over 20% from last year. We were especially pleased with our core handbag and accessories sales growth at retail across our department store partners.  Our international wholesale revenue was even with prior year in Q4 despite the transition of Coach Australia and New Zealand to a directly-operated retail model. Overall, we are very pleased with Coach's performance in the quarter and the fiscal year. And moving forward, we believe we are well positioned to generate continued positive comparable store sales driven by compelling product, our differentiated modern luxury store experience and bold marketing campaigns.  Looking at our 5 specific Coach brand strategies for FY '19. First, building on the success of this past year, we will continue to cascade leather goods innovation across fashion, occasion and price. This includes creating a good, better, best strategy with Coach 1941 at the top of the pyramid, providing the creative vision and fashion inspiration for the broader assortment, building Signature as a coveted brand icon through animation. Adding new fabrications, colorways, embellishments and trim will be an important element of this strategy.  Also, in our outlet business, we will innovate to elevate with a substantial number of new style introductions in the first half of this year. Included among the introductions is the [Edie], a collection of fashion-forward bags with elevated materials, hardware and luxury detailing. We believe that the Edie will allow us to grow our penetration of higher-priced bags in outlet.  Second, we will capitalize on growth opportunities outside of our core women's bags and small leather goods. We see 3 specific areas of focus, starting with men's. Over the last few years, we've developed our global men's business to about $850 million in sales, and we have a clear path to over $1 billion within our 3-year planning horizon. It's important to note, with about half of the business coming from North America, Coach is the #1 domestic men's resource for bags and small leather goods. We will fuel this business through our focus on the modern men, building out our active casual offering, including backpacks, belt bags and more casual silhouettes and updating our business assortment in leather goods to reflect our customers who are increasingly working in more casual, tech-friendly and modern workplaces.  Secondly, Coach women's footwear, which had a great start in its first year under our ownership in 2018. We believe this category has significant potential across all channels, including wholesale.  And ready-to-wear, notably outerwear, has also been an area of growth for Coach, as mentioned. To help fuel awareness of our assortment, we have several exciting collaborations in the pipeline. In fact, today, we are launching preorders on coach.com and neimanmarcus.com for an exclusive collaboration with Selena Gomez. In addition to handbags, for the first time, Selena collaborated with Stuart Vevers on a capital of ready-to-wear.  Third, we will balance our position as a fashion authority while broadening our marketing messages. Through our brand transformation, we made Coach a part of the fashion conversation, now a staple at New York Fashion Week and highly regarded in the editorial community. We will continue to balance this fashion messaging with compelling communications that will cut through to a broader audience. We will drive our beautiful and confident positioning for the Coach women while also addressing the modern Coach men. We will augment our global Selena and Coach collaboration with local influencers and celebrities, notably in the Asian markets.  And in keeping with our Tapestry goal of maximizing our business with the Chinese consumer globally, we will distort our investment to China. We have several important initiatives here to build on our already strong relationship with the Chinese consumer. We have 2 Chinese celebrities, Guan Xiaotong and Timmy Xu, who will appear in our fall campaign. And most significantly, I am very excited to share that we will be doing our first-ever fashion show in Shanghai this December.  Fourth, we will continue to modernize, customize and personalize the customer experience with the goal of creating excitement and engagement. We are rolling out a new POS system in North America and Europe, the backbone of a more modern store experience, creating a seamless digital ecosystem within the stores, linking all of our tools, services and experiences into one fluid customer journey. We will maximize our successful Coach Create program and drive our Accessorize It focus across channels, transforming stores into true experiential retail destinations, integrating digital features such as our digital wallet and scarf bars.  And in customer outreach, we are implementing a digital clienteling platform across all markets and will be leveraging in-store events to drive customer retention and sales. Our China teams have been pioneers in digital clienteling with reclient, and we've incorporated learning from the system for our global clienteling application.  And fifth, further fueling digital innovation and e-commerce growth. We will be rolling out a redesign of coach.com with the goal of reducing friction, driving conversion and enhancing storytelling to engage customers. We are improving our product mix with a focus on online exclusives. And we are continuing to invest in our global capabilities focused on our direct-to-consumer business to prepare to scale to new markets and add omnichannel capabilities in new geographies.  Taken together, we are confident that the Coach brand will achieve another year of solid revenue growth, driven by positive comparable store sales globally, growth in wholesale and limited new store distribution, primarily in China, while we continue to optimize store footprint in North America and Japan. I would now like to turn it over to Anna Bakst to discuss Kate Spade. 
Anna Bakst: Thanks, Josh, and good morning, everyone. It's great to be on my first Tapestry earnings call and with good results to speak to.  At Kate Spade, the successful integration onto the Tapestry platform continued as we achieved the targeted synergies of $45 million for the year. Fourth quarter results exceeded our expectations from both the top and bottom line perspectives, with both sales and operating margin increasing from prior year reported results.  In our first year as part of Tapestry, Kate Spade delivered double-digit earnings per share accretion despite the strategic pullback in online flash and wholesale disposition. Most importantly, we set up the brand for future growth, focusing on the most significant geographic and category opportunities for the brand while staying committed to reducing negative promotional impressions.  Looking at results. Fourth quarter sales totaled $312 million, up about 4% from prior year on a pro forma basis, reflecting new store distribution and a consolidation of China.  Bricks-and-mortar comps were down 3% globally, impacted from the Easter shift in North America, which had helped our third quarter results, while aggregate comp was also down 3%.  Though we did pull back on circulation and open day is a surprise this quarter from the sale event held in the year prior, our e-commerce site as well as our store sales reflected the strong and immediate heartfelt response to loyal customers to the tragic news of our founder's passing. In fact, we were very touched by the outpouring of love across social media, filled with so many stories of the impact of her legacy and our brand.  For the full fiscal year, excluding the 10-day stub period not under Tapestry's ownership, which is worth about $30 million, Kate Spade sales totaled $1.28 billion. Global comps for the year declined 7%, in line with our guidance of a high single-digit comp decline, while bricks-and-mortar store comp was down 3%. For perspective, including the 10-day stub period that Kate was not under Tapestry's ownership, sales for the year totaled $1.32 billion as compared to $1.35 billion for fiscal 2017's full year sales results.  Overall, in fiscal year 2018, we took significant steps to position the brand for solid and sustainable profitable growth. Fiscal 2019 will be an exciting year at Kate Spade as we evolve the brand under Nicola Glass' creative direction, further leveraging our brand relevance as we expand globally.  For the coming year, our 5 key areas of focus are as follows: first, global expansion. We will build out and reinforce our presence in uncapped markets, including Greater China, South East Asia and Europe. To this end, we expect to add 70 to 70 -- 60 to 70 stores globally, including those that will be acquired in Australia, Malaysia and Singapore. As we develop a clear and consistent global positioning, we will act locally to ensure we translate relevance in each market and region.  In addition, we will merchandise and assort the collection to specific customer segments and door types to deliver the right product to the right place at the right time globally.  Second, branding. We will evolve our brand messaging to play to our core attributes, fashionable and feminine, while addressing fun in a more universal way. We will create compelling and covetable brand icons and codes such as distinctive hardware and branding, making our product instantly recognizable.  Third, introducing exceptional and aspirational product. We will lead with compelling design and best-in-class function and are extremely excited to show Nicola's first collection at New York Fashion Week next month. We are upgrading product quality through elevated materials and construction while maintaining price, providing excellent value with our unique optimistic feminine position. We're also aligning resources to support product categories that validate our aspirational lifestyle brand, including ready-to-wear, tech and jewelry.  Fourth, creating immersive channel experiences. We will develop and execute growth initiatives across our direct-to-consumer channels as well as wholesale, including global travel retail. We will elevate the customer experience and drive productivity with new store concepts, which will feature a new color palette, enhanced visual elements and merchandising by category, building on the successful ready-to-wear zoning test initiatives of fiscal year 2018.  We will also build on our leadership in digital e-commerce worldwide and are especially excited by the results of katespade.com in Europe.  And fifth, leveraging the Tapestry platform. We will fully capture synergies with Tapestry through cost and indirect savings as we optimize our supply chain, notably for bags and small leather goods, from raw materials buying and manufacturing through transportation and logistics. We will also leverage Tapestry's resources and expertise such as global business development and store construction to accelerate growth and improve profitability. Of course, all of these initiatives will be supported by our talented and passionate Kate Spade team around the world.  As we look to the year ahead, we are confident that it will be a year of double-digit revenue growth. This will be driven by distribution growth as well as positive comps within the second half of the year, fueled by the arrival of Nicola's first collection.  In addition, top line growth will benefit from the acquisition of our businesses in Australia, Malaysia and Singapore as well as the full year impact of consolidating our joint ventures in Greater China. These initiatives will far outweigh some of the additional strategic pullback in wholesale disposition.  In addition, we will continue to see a significant improvement in our margin as we realize the incremental synergies from the Tapestry integration. Over our 3-year planning horizon, we continue to believe that Kate Spade brand can approach $2 billion in sales at significantly higher operating margins than we enjoy today. Now I would like to turn the call over to Eraldo Poletto to discuss Stuart Weitzman. Eraldo? 
Eraldo Poletto: Thanks, Anna, and good morning to everyone. At Stuart Weitzman, and as anticipated, fourth quarter results continue to be negatively impacted by development and delivery delays, which pressured sales and margin across all channels of our business.  For the fiscal year, sales were essentially unchanged, reflecting the second half challenges. Importantly, during the quarter, we continue to make progress in addressing the issue which arose this spring as we continue our transition from a founder-led shoe manufacturer to a truly scalable global, multi-category footwear and accessories brand. The action we are taking are focused on 3 main areas, people, process and systems, to support the brand's creative vision and growth.  On the people front, I am delighted that Edmundo Castillo has joined the team in the role of Head of Product Design reporting directly to me. Together with our Head Merchant, Francesca Bertoncini, we have the right team to move the brand forward from a design and merchandise perspective.  We have also made significant investments in our overall supply chain teams in Spain. I am pleased with the progress they are making.  On process, we have added infrastructure and capacity as we contracted with additional manufacturing facilities also in Spain. We have built a quality assurance team on the ground to ensure that all of our footwear delivers on our brand of promise of fusing fashion and feet.  And finally, on systems. While the most significant benefit will come from the future implementation of our new ERP SAP platform, we have added additional reporting capability to improve visibility of our order and capacity.  Looking to fiscal year '19. Our strategic priority for Stuart Weitzman are focused on creating clear direction and improved execution, the impact of which will have a longer-term benefit beyond just the year ahead and create a stable platform for sustainable growth.  The Stuart Weitzman's 5 key strategies for fiscal year '19 are: First and foremost, we are focused on further evolving and refining our product development processes and supply chain. We understand that this underpins our ability to achieve all of our goals and therefore, is our most immediate priority. And as I just mentioned, we already made significant progress and will continue to do so.  Second, we will expand our footwear offering in new classification while maintaining our authority in boot ensembles. We will leverage the brand recognition we have built with the 5050 boot and the NUDIST family with new essential, including pumps, sneakers and (inaudible), capturing more end users and a greater share of our customer footwear wardrobe.  Further, we will expand globally with a focus on the Chinese consumer. As you know, we bought back our Northern China distributor in mid-February and expect to close of the acquisition of a Southern China business in the fall.  While our iconic styles are very well known in China, we have a significant opportunity to drive its value brand awareness. And we are also excited to be relaunching our brand in Japan, where we believe our unique blend of design and comfort will be embraced by the local consumer as well as a Chinese tourist.  Globally, we are introducing new store concept and making it distinctively as valued, sleek, inviting and luxurious.  Fourth, growth beyond footwear, gaining credibility in handbags and leather goods. We believe there is a significant opportunity in hand bags and small leather goods, a natural complement to shoes. And we'll be expanding this category across retail and select wholesale accounts. We are working on creating an everyday bag icon with key brand codes while also offering a small bag assortment for evening, given the already brand's strong position in special occasion.  And fifth, we will create a brand desire through powerful 360 degrees marketing activity. We will build brand relevance to the consumer through our identifiable seasonal advertising campaigns, and we will launch an influencer project in China while continuing to benefit from our strong celebrity following globally.  In summary, we are addressing the challenges in our supply chain and expect it to be better to quality and on-time deliveries by the end of the calendar year.  Given the team's excellent progress to date and are likely to (inaudible) now expected to return to top line growth by the second fiscal quarter, ahead of our original second half 2018 target. We are excited about the opportunities for the brand across geographies, classification and categories and are confident in our long-term vision.  With that, I will turn it to Kevin for the financial review of the year and our outlook. Kevin? 
Kevin Wills: Thanks, Eraldo, and good morning. The team has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details as well as our outlook for fiscal year '19.  Before I begin, please note the comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results as well as the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today.  Overall, we delivered strong results in fiscal 2018, fueled by the acquisition of Kate Spade and organic growth, reflecting the benefits of our multi-brand model.  Total sales rose 31% for both the quarter and year. We achieved our top line guidance for Tapestry, generating revenue of $5.9 billion in FY '18, with sales and comps for Coach and Kate Spade consistent with expectations. At Stuart Weitzman, sales were roughly even with prior year, reflecting challenges we experienced in the second half, as discussed.  Turning to gross margin. For the quarter and as planned, we generated significant gross margin expansion with total Tapestry gross margin of 68%, up 120 basis points versus prior year, driven by a 220 basis point increase at Coach. In addition, Kate Spade's gross margin of 65.6% in the quarter exceeded our expectations and represented a significant increase from prior year, helped in part by the realization of COGS synergies as we are now starting to benefit from migrating the brand onto the Tapestry supply chain.  Stuart Weitzman's gross margin of 53.5% in the quarter was down 540 basis points versus prior year, including 520 basis points of pressure from currency. For the year, Tapestry's gross margin of 67.5% declined 120 basis points from prior year, primarily due to pressure of 110 basis points from the addition of Kate Spade given the lower margin profile of the brand. Importantly, Coach's gross margin of 69.5% was consistent with expectations, representing a 10 basis point increase from prior year.  SG&A expenses were well-controlled control throughout the year, totaling $781 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $3 billion in FY '18. On a rate basis, SG&A represented 50.7% of sales in FY '18 as compared to 50.6% in the prior year. The change versus prior year reflected the benefit of leverage at Coach, offset by deleverage at Stuart Weitzman as well as the incremental costs associated with our global business development initiatives and the acquisition of Kate Spade as the brand has a higher expense ratio relative to our organic business.  Our operating income totaled $228 million in the fourth quarter, representing an increase of 27% over prior year. For the full year, consistent with our guidance, operating income rose 22% to $992 million. Our FY '18 operating income growth was driven by the contribution from Kate Spade of $158 million, inclusive of synergies of approximately $45 million in mid-single-digit growth at Coach, partially offset by year-over-year decrease at Stuart Weitzman.  As projected, net interest expense was $14 million for the quarter and $74 million for the year.  Our effective tax rate was 17.4% for the quarter and 17.2% for the year. This compared favorably to our annual guidance of 18% to 19%, due primarily to the geographic mix of earnings. Overall, our EPS was $0.60 in the quarter and $2.63 for the year, exceeding our most recent guidance of $2.57 to $2.60. Our FY '18 EPS gain of 22% versus prior year included double-digit accretion from the acquisition of Kate Spade.  Now moving to global distribution per brand. As outlined in our release, we ended the year with over 1,400 directly operated stores globally across our brands, including 987 Coach, 342 Kate Spade and 103 Stuart Weitzman locations.  Looking at our distribution activities for the year by brand. For Coach, we opened a net of 4 locations globally and added 21 stores through the acquisition of our businesses in Australia and New Zealand from our distributor. This is slightly higher than our previous guidance, which called for a net decrease of 5 locations pre-buyback activity as some door closures shifted into FY '19. In addition and consistent with our most recent guidance, we opened 17 net new Kate Spade locations globally while taking operational control of 50 stores across Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. And for Stuart Weitzman, we opened 2 net new locations and acquired 20 stores as part of the buyback of the Northern China business.  Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. At the end of the fiscal year, our cash and short-term investments were approximately $1.3 billion while our borrowings outstanding were $1.6 billion, consisting primarily of senior notes. As a reminder, during the year, consistent with our commitment to conservative balance sheet management, we fully repaid $1.1 billion in term loans, utilizing excess cash, resulting in reduction of our leverage by about a turn on a debt-to-EBITDA basis.  Inventory levels at quarter-end were $674 million versus ending inventory of $470 million in the year-ago period. Excluding the impact of Kate Spade as well as the inventory associated with regional buyback activity, total inventory increased approximately 6% versus prior year. Importantly, as planned, we rightsized the inventory of Kate Spade in the second half of FY '18.  For the full fiscal year 2018, net cash from operating activities was $997 million compared to $854 million a year ago. Our CapEx spending was $267 million versus $283 million last year. This spend was modestly below our expectation of $300 million. Free cash flow in fiscal 2018 was an inflow of $729 million versus an inflow of $571 million in the same period last year.  Now turning to our capital allocation policy. Our long-term priorities remain unchanged. First, we will continue to invest in our brands in order to drive sustainable growth and value creation. Secondly, we will seek strategic acquisitions, looking for great brands with opportunities for expansion. And finally, returning capital to shareholders with a focus on dividends. As you saw in our release, we're maintaining our dividend at an annual rate of $1.35. Overall, our strong balance sheet will support our growth initiatives while also allowing us to maintain strategic flexibility.  Before turning to FY '19 guidance, I want to touch on the topic of tariffs. As you know, the Trump administration released a list of $200 billion worth of products, including handbags imported from China into the U.S., that may be subject to potential tariffs. Naturally, we're monitoring the situation closely. But it's important to note that given the diversity of our manufacturing base and the steps we've made to migrate Kate Spade on to the Tapestry supply chain, less than 5% of handbags across Tapestry are produced in China.  Now moving to our 2019 outlook. Consistent with our prior practice, the following guidance is presented on a non-GAAP basis. Starting with sales. We expect total revenue for Tapestry in fiscal 2019 to increase on a mid-single-digit rate from fiscal 2018 to $6.1 billion to $6.2 billion. This includes the expectation for low single-digit growth at Coach, driven by continued positive low single-digit comps. We expect Kate Spade sales to increase on a double-digit rate from reported fiscal 2018 results, fueled by new distribution as well as positive comps in the second half of the year. As discussed, we now expect Stuart Weitzman revenue growth in the second fiscal quarter.  In addition, we are projecting the operating income growth rate to exceed the revenue growth rate, driven by gross margin expansion, offset in part by SG&A deleverage. Our operating income growth reflects the organic gains in our business, the realization of incremental synergies from the Kate Spade acquisition as well as the impact of distributor consolidations and buybacks and systems investments. As previously announced, the company expects that synergies related to the acquisition will total $100 million to $115 million in FY '19.  Net interest expense is expected to -- approximately $50 million for the year. The full year fiscal 2019 tax rate is projected at about 21% to 22%. The expected rate increase versus fiscal 2018 is due primarily to the introduction of a new tax regime requiring a current inclusion in U.S. federal taxable income of certain earnings of controlled foreign corporations known as the GILTI Provision consistent with prior years where we expect a substantially lower tax rate in the third quarter relative to the other quarters of the year.  We expect our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year to be approximately 295 million. Overall, we are projecting earnings per diluted share for the year in the range of $2.70 to $2.80. We expect CapEx to be in the range of $300 million to $325 million in FY '19, which we would expect to be the peak level of spend over our planning horizon. As outlined in our press release, we expect to incur nonrecurring pretax charges of $10 million to $15 million attributable to the company's ERP implementation efforts and estimated pretax integration and acquisition charges of $50 million to $60 million.  Before turning to a discussion of our distribution plans, I want to mention that beginning in fiscal Q1, our reported results reflect a change in our SG&A reporting at the segment level to align with the way we've organized and managed the business. This change will reflect a reclass of certain expenses and importantly, will have no change on our total Tapestry reporting.  As part of the continued integration of Kate Spade and the evolution of the company as a multibrand house, we anticipate that some expenses primarily related to employee costs within shared functional groups that were reported within our brands in FY '18 will shift to the corporate segment. In keeping with our commitment to transparency and providing you with information to track our progress against our plans in conjunction with our Q1 '19 earnings announcement, we intend to restate quarterly FY '18 results for comparability.  Finally, turning to our fiscal year '19 directly operated distribution plans by brand. For Coach, we expect a modest net decrease in our store count in FY '19 due primarily to closures in North America and Japan. For Kate Spade, we expect to accelerate its openings in FY '19 with 40 to 50 net new doors planned, notably with distribution expansion plan in international markets where we see significant opportunity for growth. In addition, as mentioned, we've entered into a purchase agreement to acquire their brands' operations in Singapore, Malaysia and Australia where there are approximately 20 locations. And for Stuart Weitzman, we expect to open approximately 30 net new locations in fiscal year, primarily in China. As announced, following the successful buyback of the brand's business in Northern China in FY '18, we've entered into an agreement to acquire their brands' operations in Southern China were there are a total of 6 locations.  In closing, we are pleased with the progress we've made and are committed to our goal of delivering solid sales and operating income growth in fiscal 2019 while making the right strategic investments to support our long-term vision and return to double-digit operating income and EPS growth in FY '20. Overall, we remain very optimistic about our global opportunities across the Tapestry portfolio of brands, supported by a very healthy balance sheet and a strong team to drive results.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities. 
Bob Drbul: I guess, Kevin, just -- with what you've just finished on one of the big comments I think is important, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the earnings algorithm that you mentioned, returning to both double-digit operating income and EPS growth in FY '20. 
Kevin Wills: Sure. First and foremost, we'll just let everyone know we're going to extend the call a little bit given that we had quite long prepared remarks, given year-end. To your question, Bob, obviously, first and foremost, we're very excited by '19 and the year ahead of us with the operating income outpacing our top line. And this, of course, in spite of the significant investments that you just heard us mentioned in our prepared remarks with the buybacks. And for '20 and beyond, we're clearly targeting mid-single-digit top line growth with double digit I think and earnings per share growth as these investments pay off. So a lot of excitement right now in terms of seeing things into the medium and long term.
Bob Drbul: Your next question comes from the line of Irwin Boruchow of Wells Fargo. 
Irwin Boruchow: I guess I'll give this one to Kevin. So the Coach brand gross margin, I think, was the strongest in 8 years this quarter. Maybe, Kevin, could you just give us some more detail around the margin performance? Maybe you see tailwinds versus improvements and pricing or promotion and then whatever benefits you saw on the cost side. How much tail is there to that as you enter the next fiscal year? 
Kevin Wills: Sure. Good morning. As indicated, we were very pleased with our Coach gross margin performance for the quarter, up 220 basis points. It was consistent with our expectation, which we outlined at the end of third quarter. As you know, there are a number of components that go into the gross margin determination but principally, saw benefits in product cost and mix is what drove the quarter. And as we look at the next year, we certainly feel good about our inventory position as we enter into FY '19 and are looking for gross margin expansion in Coach in '19. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: I guess my question is for Victor and then maybe Josh as well. I guess overall, you referenced the category as growing up high single, and the Coach brand globally is comping in a low single-digit range. So maybe for Victor, if you could walk through the factors that are creating the discrepancy between overall category and the run rate of the Coach brand? And then in 2019, when you think about low-single-digit comps, any key regions that you feel most confident in to get there? 
Victor Luis: Sure. I'll let Josh discuss the Coach factors in a moment. But in terms of the overall category, Erinn, of course, a lot to be excited about over the past year. Much of that growth, as we've referenced, pretty consistently over the last 3 to 4 quarters, has been driven by just a few limited European luxury brands, those that are the most highly branded where there's been a lot of excitement and innovation most recently and, of course, remains for us a key opportunity given our history there. Globally, in dollars, of course, as I mentioned during the call, low double digits, high single digits on an organic perspective. Of course, very unpredictable as we look ahead. Given the torrid pace with a few brands this past year, we don't see that as being sustainable. But all points to, I would say, a pretty good picture for the handbag and accessories category and most importantly, for consumers' attraction to brands and, of course, our own very strong feelings in continuing to invest in our brand portfolio. Josh?  A - Kevin Wills In terms of how we're feeling about '19, when you look at the performance in '18, North America outperformed. And as we go into '19, we see many of the same economic factors that Victor referenced in his opening remarks continuing in North America. We're also making a very significant investment in China marketing this year. So that is going to be a very big focus for us. I mentioned earlier about the fashion show that we're bringing to Shanghai. So there's going to be an unprecedented amount of attention and investments on China, which we think will drive the Chinese business as well as our global-traveling Chinese consumer. 
Victor Luis: Yes. And specifically to your question, Erinn, on discrepancy, I would just add that obviously, the 2 or 3 brands that are driving outsized growth are really unique within the space. And of course, for ourselves, within our own journey to replatform, if you will, and to transform the brand, we're in the very early stages of our own Signature growth and Josh can speak to that. But as you know, we've only relaunched Signature ourselves in March, April of this year. So very, very early innings for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen and Company.
Oliver Chen: Regarding data, Victor, what are your thoughts on near-term opportunities versus longer? And how you will also pursue data across the organization and structure that over time as you look to best practices and findings? And our other question was just on the Coach comp and modeling the Coach comp. Is there going to be more pricing or conversion led in terms of a positive comps? And if you could brief us on where you think Logo penetration can go versus where it is versus in the past. I think that'd be a helpful parameter, too, because it sounds like there's a nice runway of opportunity. 
Oliver Chen: Sure. I'll let Josh, in a moment, talk about the drivers of Coach comp and then Signature penetration. As it relates to data, I'm really excited, Oliver. And you and I have talked a little bit offline about this. In terms of the talent that we're bringing to bear to this, we have the infrastructure now in place in terms of our database. We've hired key leadership for the Data Labs with Fabio Luzzi having joined us and, in fact, just a couple of weeks ago, presented a very detailed strategy to our board discussing both what we would like to do near and longer term. Nearer term, you're going to see us, of course, leverage the 120 million names that we already have. Looking to drive insights with our merchant teams, we are beginning to leverage some machine learning in terms of driving better allocation of product and better inventory managements overall. Those would be some of the key priorities in addition to what we could do in managing pricing much more dynamically across channels. So a lot of work going on. A lot of testing going on. And I would imagine that over the next 2 or 3 quarters, we'll be able to share much more some of those results with you. Josh? 
Victor Luis: Oliver, in terms of the Coach comp, we see opportunity of -- primarily in conversion. We also have a pricing opportunity as well. We referenced earlier that in outlet specifically, we are focusing on a significant amount of innovation. And this amount of innovation is coming in at elevated prices. And we really did a study of what attributes the customer is willing to pay for in the outlet channel, and I could not be more excited about the product that's coming in the outlet channel to drive pricing. In terms of Signature penetration, I think you're referring to in retail where we reintroduced Signature this March. Our Signature penetration at -- had outperformed our initial expectation. The customer immediately embraced the way Stuart Vevers was reinterpreting this icon and is already at 10%. We see opportunity to grow from here significantly, but we're doing it in a really disciplined manner. We don't want to get back to the overexposed nature of Signature. And the best part about Signature, it shows really how the customer is feeling about the Coach brand that 4 years into the transformation, she is feeling so proud to wear Signature out in the world. And we saw this both in terms of our comp performance this year, the impact of Signature, but also in the brand tracking that we mentioned that the customer really sees Coach on the way up in both the broad premium customer and the millennial customer. And having Signature at elevated prices at the pinnacle of our brand is giving her pride to wear that icon the way she wears the European luxury brands.  And the final question, the bigger picture. But Victor, with millennials and Generation Z, and we're also seeing some interesting trends regarding the sharing economy and the circular market in terms of handbags as well as the rise of smaller brands and an openness to smaller brands which may or may not have high degrees of awareness, what are your thoughts for Tapestry over the long term in the context of ensuring that your strategies are consistent with how the new generation of shoppers are evolving?
Victor Luis: Sure. I think, in essence, Oliver, it comes down to maintaining brand relevance and us behaving in the most innovative ways possible to be relevant to younger consumers, whether, of course, that'd be through product, everything that we're doing digitally through marketing, everything that we could do, of course, through other forms of marketing and ensuring that our store experiences, whether they'd be on the digital or brick-and-mortar stores stay relevant as well. I think it's job description for our teams to continue to innovate. And obviously, in the case of Coach, you've heard Josh reference a lot of the work there. In the case of Kate Spade, very excited about that launch happening in September under Nicola's new creative direction and for you to see that live. And I know that Eraldo and Edmundo are very, very active in writing the next chapter of Stuart Weitzman as well. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager of Baird. 
Mark Altschwager: Good morning, Thank you. A lot of moving pieces with the Kate Spade model this year. Beyond the incremental synergies, how should we be thinking about the core organic EBIT growth rate at Kate versus the contribution from the distributor acquisitions? And then separately, if I could, I just wanted to follow up with Josh. At the end of the prepared remarks, you talked about the opportunity to optimize the footprint in North America. If you could just expand on that a bit more and maybe discuss by channel how we should be thinking about the magnitude of change happening this year. Thank you.
Victor Luis: Sure.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-05-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Resnick - Global Head, IR & Corporate Communications Victor Luis - CEO & Director Kevin Wills - CFO  Joshua Schulman - CEO & President, Coach Brand
Analysts: Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities David Schick - Consumer Edge Research Irwin Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies Oliver Chen - Cowen and Company Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer  Paul Trussell - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day, and welcome to this Tapestry conference call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Tapestry, Andrea Resnick.
Andrea Resnick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results and annual forecast are Victor Luis, Tapestry's Chief Executive Officer; and Kevin Willis, Tapestry's Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are built upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations, based upon a number of important factors, including risks and uncertainties, such as our ability to achieve intended benefits, cost savings and synergies from acquisitions, expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences, control cost, successfully execute our operational efficiency initiatives and growth strategies and the impact of tax reform legislation. Please refer to our latest quarterly report on Form 10-Q, our annual report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Please note that historical trends may not be indicative of future performance. Also certain financial information and metrics that will be discussed today will be presented on a non-GAAP basis. These non-GAAP measures exclude certain items related to our operational efficiency plan, integration and acquisition-related charges and the impact of tax reform legislation as well as the impact of foreign currency fluctuation were noted. You may identify these non-GAAP measures by the terms non-GAAP or constant currency. The company believes that presenting these non-GAAP measures is useful for investors and others to evaluate the company's ongoing operations and financial results against historical performance and in a manner that is consistent with management's evaluation of the business. You may the corresponding GAAP financial information or metric as well as the related reconciliation on our website, www.tapestry.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release posted today.  Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our third fiscal quarter 2018 results for our 3 brands. Kevin Willis will continue with details on financial and operational results and our outlook for the balance of FY '18. Following that, we will hold the question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Josh Schulman, Chief Executive Officer and Brand President of Coach; and Todd Kahn, Tapestry's President and Chief Administrative Officer. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. We will then conclude with some brief summary remarks.  I'd now like to introduce Victor Luis, Tapestry's CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. We are delighted to report a solid third quarter, which met our overall expectations from both a top line and bottom line perspective as we drove double-digit gains in sales, operating income and EPS on a non-GAAP basis, leveraging the benefits of Tapestry's multi-brand global model.  As noted in our press release this morning, our results benefited from strong organic sales growth at Coach as well as the contribution of Kate Spade, which more than offset from execution issues and cost headwinds at Stuart Weitzman. Naturally, we were excited to drive continued positive global comps for Coach with outperformance in North America driven by our strong product offering and the successful global relaunch of Signature in retail. We were also pleased to deliver a better-than-expected consolidated operating margin, reflecting overall tight expense control, which Kevin will review in more detail shortly. The Kate Spade integration into our operating platform continued smoothly during the quarter as we executed on the strategic actions to position the brand for long-term success. These included the pullback on flash sales and wholesale disposition while taking substantial steps to unlock cost and operating synergies. We remain especially excited about the opportunities for the brand, both in terms of revenue growth, driven by distribution expansion and productivity, and profitability improvements as we leverage our scale across our supply chain and corporate functions. We now expect to achieve synergies in the area of $45 million in FY '18, primarily related to SG&A as well as earlier-than-expected realization of COGS benefits. We are continuing to target run rate synergies from both COGS and SG&A of approximately $100 million to $115 million in fiscal 2019.  Over the last few months, we also made several key hires across our brands. At Kate Spade, we announced Anna Bakst as CEO and Brand President. She brings a rare combination of business acumen, directly related fashion experience and strong leadership skills to the company. Together with the recently appointed Creative Director, Nicola Glass, we now have the right senior management in place to lead the talented Kate Spade team and drive the business globally. At Stuart Weitzman, we're excited about the appointment of Eraldo Poletto, who just joined us as CEO and Brand President. He brings 30 years of fashion experience and a proven track record in driving luxury brand growth globally.  On the global business development front, we closed on the three transactions we announced on our last call, all focused on two global strategic priorities, first, leveraging the opportunities for our brands with the Chinese consumer globally, highlighted by the acquisition of Stuart Weitzman business from our distributor in Northern China in mid-February and taking control of our at Kate Spade joint ventures for Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan in early January; second, unlocking the value of a multi-brand operating model. To this end, we completed the buyback of the Coach business in Australia and New Zealand from our distributor in early March and created a Tapestry multi-brand hub and center of excellence in Sydney.  This allows for greater control of our brands and the structure and resources to drive growth across our portfolio in an important market as we look to consolidate other Tapestry brands on to the platform in the future. As we've demonstrated over time with our past experience, we believe that controlling these businesses directly allows us to accelerate international growth and enhance each brands' development in these markets. Moving to category trends. And as you know, given our new reporting structure, we have moved to a global category update. During the third quarter, we estimate that the men's and women's premium handbag and accessory market, which is over $40 billion, grew at a low double-digit rate globally, benefiting in part from the weaker U.S. dollar. On an organic basis, we estimate that the global category rose high single digits, similar to the December quarter. Now turning to results by brand. I'd like to discuss third quarter performance and fourth quarter outlook for Coach. Overall, our third quarter performance was very consistent with our second quarter with global comparable store sales in bricks and mortar driven primarily by conversion, reflecting our strong product offering. Internet was also a strong contributor again this quarter, adding about 1 point to global comp. For the third quarter, Coach sales increased 6% as reported and 3% in constant currency with international leading on a reported basis as positive underlying growth was augmented by the weaker dollar while North America led on a constant currency basis. The brand's international constant currency sales growth was driven by increases in Europe, Asia and Greater China while Japan contributed slightly on a reported basis.  Globally, we saw our business with the Chinese consumer increase with notable strength in Hong Kong and Macau, Korea, Japan and other Asian markets. During the quarter, our global Coach comp remained strong, rising 3%. North America again outperformed despite a tougher sequential compare, helped by the Easter shift. Overall, Greater China comps rose with the Mainland and Hong Kong and Macau, comping positively. This is the first comp gain in Hong Kong and Macau since the fall of 2014, when the retail market was negatively impacted by geopolitical events. Comps in Europe were also up while Japan was slightly positive. Moving to wholesale. Our North America shipments grew significantly during the quarter, driven in part by footwear as we've now anniversary-ed the spring '17 door closures while our promotional days in the channel declined 20% from last year. We were especially pleased with our core handbag and accessory sales growth at retail across department store partners. Our international wholesale revenue declined due in part to the transition of Coach Australia and New Zealand to a directly operated retail model as well as continued weakness in Korea travel retail locations. At POS, sales rose slightly. Turning to Coach product details and starting with retail. We were pleased with our performance in the quarter in the successful execution of our strategic vision. Specifically, we remain focused on cascading the level of innovation across the pyramid of price, occasion and function throughout our assortment. Highlights of the quarter include the successful relaunch of Signature in our retail channel, which exceeded our expectations globally. The updated version of our Signature pattern is inspired by and rooted in our history but has been reinterpreted for today.  We relaunched Signature at the top of our pyramid in our spring runway show and marketing campaign as part of a collaboration with the iconic illustrations of the artist Keith Haring. This assortment, which juxtaposed the artist's work against Coach Signature and leather craftsmanship, provided the fashion halo for the season. Its performance has exceeded expectations, driven by success in handbags and lifestyle categories, notably ready-to-wear.  In addition, we continue to drive innovation across price buckets with momentum in Coach 1941, driven by the Dinky and Rogue, as well as the very successful launch of the Charlie and Parker bags, offering a compelling combination of fashion and function at core price points under $400. Finally, in men's retail, similar to women's, Signature and Keith Haring exceeded expectations across categories while we drove solid growth in ready-to-wear. Supporting our retail product initiatives, spring marketing focused on balancing disruptive messaging and broad appeal. To this end, we successfully amplified the Signature relaunch, partnering with a variety of independent artists and creators globally to playfully reinterpret this iconic brand code. Importantly, our spring campaign showcased Selena Gomez driving impressions and supporting the introduction of our new Charlie and Parker bags. Finally, on men's, we launched a new campaign, featuring Chinese male celebrity Timmy Xu, to great success with our global Chinese market.  Looking ahead to fall, we're excited about the expanded collaboration with Selena Gomez, which will extend to ready-to-wear. During the quarter, we were particularly pleased with the continued recruitment gains in both our North America and global customer databases and across channels, in part reflecting our strategy to showcase Selena to cut through to a broader audience. In addition, in our brand tracking survey fielded in March, we saw an increase in repurchase intent among category drivers while Coach continues to lead in key emotional and functional attributes among the broad premium market. Building on the successful Q2 launch during the quarter, we were excited to expand our Coach Create customization service, which allows customers to co-create bags with unique details, such as embossed leather tea roses, souvenir pins and prairie rivets to 6 new international markets, bringing the concept to over 250 retail stores worldwide. We also added new handbag and small leather goods silhouettes to the offering while rolling out expanded customization to the footwear category. In many doors globally, this customization is done by an on-site craftsman while the customer shops, a key point of differentiation from other brands that offer personalization. We also continue to expand our monogramming service, which will be available by year-end in over 50% of our global direct retail fleets, immersive craftsmanship bars or monogramming stations.  I wanted to touch on our footwear initiative, which as you know, we took in-house and launched last summer. This spring, consistent with our strategy, we expanded our offering within the sport category while enhancing the dress assortment. As a result, we saw growth in footwear globally in the quarter with success in sneakers and heels, driven by novelty. As mentioned, we launched our footwear in our directly operated stores globally and in North America wholesale this year. And during the quarter, we made plans to expand distribution to key wholesale partners in Europe in FY '19.  Looking ahead to our retail product strategies for the fourth quarter. Our goal is to continue to drive innovation and differentiation across our offering. Specifically in retail, we will continue to drive fashion newness across our assortment for Mother's Day, including a range of new feminine styles and shapes, such as the Rogue embellished with tea roses and new smaller sizes of Parker, Charlie and camera bags, perfect for day to evening occasions. We will also build upon our Signature offering, including an expanded range of small leather goods as we continue to be encouraged by our successful launch and the current trend for highly differentiated logo product in the broader market. Introduce our Disney and Coach Dark Fairy Tale collaboration, a unique capsule collection which again offers another backdrop in fashion context for Signature and leathercraft for women and men. And as part of our pre-fall collection, we will relaunch the duffle, an iconic Coach silhouette, celebrating the brand's rich heritage. This archival shape will be reinterpreted with modern details and function, featuring new hardware and our glove-tanned pebble leather.  Moving to outlet and starting with Q3. Our spring collection celebrated vintage 1950s American motifs featured in modern ways. We drove innovation across our women's leather goods offering with the successful introduction of the Brooklyn Carryall and the Isla Chain Crossbody. We also successfully introduced newness in print with animations designed specifically for the channel while introducing a new canvas tote.  Looking ahead for the balance of the year. We will continue to infuse newness across silhouettes, price points and materials. Importantly, we have a powerful Mother's Day assortment, featuring florals, bows and other feminine details across a variety of new silhouettes. Throughout the season, we will balance new silhouette launches, emphasizing leathercraft and exploring new materials while offering a compelling and playful summer assortment in June.  On the men's side, we also have an expanded assortment of newness for Father's Day in June. Overall, we are pleased with Coach's performance in the quarter. As we look forward to the balance of the fiscal year and beyond, we are well positioned to generate positive comparable store sales, driven by compelling product, our differentiated modern luxury store experience and bold marketing campaigns. Moving to Kate Spade. Sales totaled $269 million in the third quarter, essentially even with the prior year on a pro forma basis, reflecting our strategic reduction of both wholesale disposition and flash or surprise sale, offset by the consolidation of China sales, strong domestic performance and FX, given the dollar weakness. Bricks and mortar comps were down 1% globally, an improvement from the last 2 quarters, benefiting from the Easter shift in North America while total comp was down about 9%, impacted by the purposeful reduction of promotional sales online.  Highlights of the quarter were the strength of innovation in retail. Within handbags, our core groups continued to perform, supported by our nylon offering, which in turn was driven by the backpacks, crossbodies and our new take on the sam, the bag the brand was founded on 25 years ago. The customer continued to respond to the Make It Mine customization program, which was expanded to include an additional silhouette, a convertible backpack style and new design elements. And in ready-to-wear, it was all about dresses in great spring florals. As we've noted in our last two calls, we are especially excited about our trend in ready-to-wear and have been testing a different visual merchandising approach. This test is focused on zoning retail stores by department rather than monthly introduction, allowing for an easier category shopping experience. We expect to expand this program to 10 additional doors in Q4, taking us to 25 doors in total. Finally, we were thrilled with the response to the joint launch of our first smartwatch with Fossil, which sold through quickly both in the U.S. and Japan. And we look forward to increasing our pace of innovation with this key licensing partner. And in outlet, where we've been leveraging a stronger inventory position, we capitalized on the opportunity around bundling, which continues to work with this customer. In addition and echoing retail, backpacks and the crossbody silhouettes performed well. In small leather goods, cosmetic and travel styles exceeded plan.  Supporting our spring product and seasonal marketing, including the sam campaign featuring Margaret Qualley and the 360-degree Bloom Bloom program focused on spring. Our year-long 25th anniversary campaign, focused on the brand's history and heritage, invited our customer to celebrate with us. We also built awareness and interest in our smartwatch launch and in our Full Bloom fragrance introduction with two videos and related collateral, featuring strong multigenerational women. Store events were held throughout the quarter, driving traffic into bricks and mortar.  Similarly, in outlet, we used on-mall advertising to point to Kate Spade as a gifting and self-purchase resource for Lunar New year, Presidents' Day and Easter, using windows with updated creative and LED screens to drive traffic. Within our U.S. brand tracking, which also included Kate Spade, the brand has a distinctive positioning around making women feel fashionable, feminine and fun. In addition, among the broad premium market, Kate Spade holds a leadership position in handbags being viewed as on-trend.  Overall, we have taken significant steps to position the brand, building a foundation for solid and sustainable growth. As we look ahead for Kate Spade, we will continue to significantly curtail promotional impressions by reducing surprise sales and pulling back on wholesale disposition and still expect about $100 million impact for the full year. Under the creative direction of Nicola Glass, we will accelerate innovation in the core handbag and accessories categories, along with ready-to-wear and tech, leveraging the Tapestry platform, notably our supply chain and product development capabilities. We are excited that we will be able to share her vision for the brand in September during New York Fashion Week. We have reviewed the store fleet and are already leveraging opportunities to maximize the brand's global footprint. To this point, we opened 9 new stores in Q3 and closed 11. We are also now including the 50 stores in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan as directly operated locations in the wake of taking operational control of the JVs in those markets this quarter. As noted, we believe Greater China is a huge opportunity for the brand, given low single-digit unaided brand awareness and Kate's unique aesthetic. And of course, I couldn't be more thrilled to pass the leadership baton to Anna, who has hit the ground running. She's already begun her global store visits and new product development work with Nicola and her team. Turning to Stuart Weitzman. Sales rose, driven by the global direct business, which in turn was fueled by distribution growth, including the buyback of the brand's Northern China business and e-commerce. We were disappointed with the overall level of sales growth, which was impacted by both lower-than-expected sell-through of carryover styles as well as the development and production challenges on new collections, issues that intensified towards the quarter-end and have impacted timely delivery of product.  Our dedicated Stuart Weitzman supply chain based in Spain was not prepared for the level of complexity and new development in this transitional period for the brand. As a result, we are in the process of adding infrastructure and capacity to support the brand's creative vision with quality on-time deliveries. While these efforts are underway and bode well for the long term, we expect to continue experience some disruption through the fall/winter season.  Therefore, we now believe Stuart Weitzman sales and profitability will continue to be under pressure in the fourth quarter with only slight revenue growth for the fiscal year. Longer term, we have great confidence in the team's ability to capitalize on Stuart Weitzman's potential in both the footwear and leather goods categories as we continue to evolve the brand identity across global markets under Giovanni Morelli's creative direction and Eraldo Poletto's leadership. Importantly, we expect to return to top line growth in the second half of fiscal 2019. We are also looking at distribution opportunities globally, notably in select Asian markets, where we want to leverage the rapidly growing demand for the brand. Key among these are China, where, as I mentioned, we completed the buyback of our Northern China business, and in Japan, where we can take advantage of Tapestry's deep market knowledge and business development team in launching Stuart Weitzman.  Now I'll turn it over to our CFO, Kevin Wills, for details on our third quarter financial results and guidance for fiscal 2018. Kevin?
Kevin Wills: Thanks, Victor, and good morning, everyone. Victor has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of the quarter as well as our outlook for the fourth quarter fiscal year 2018. Before I begin, please note the comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results as well as the related reconciliation can be found in earnings release posted on our website today.  Turning to the financial details. Net sales totaled at $1.32 billion as compared to $995 million in the prior year, an increase of 33%, driven by the acquisition of Kate Spade and organic growth. On a constant currency basis, total sales increased 30%. Coach net sales totaled $969 million as compared to $915 million in the prior year, an increase of 6% on a reported basis or 3% on a constant currency basis. Kate Spade net sales totaled $269 million, reflecting in part the strategic pullback in wholesale disposition and online flash, partially offset by the consolidation of joint ventures from Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. Stuart Weitzman net sales totaled $84 million, an increase of 5%, including the benefit of the Northern China buyback and currency tailwinds that negatively impacted at the execution issues mentioned earlier.  Gross profit totaled $913 million while gross margin was 69% as compared to 70.9% in the prior year. The addition of Kate Spade pressured our overall gross margin by approximately 120 basis points, given the lower margin profile of the Kate Spade brand. Gross margin for Coach was 71.4% as compared to gross margin of 71.7% in the prior year. For the quarter, we experienced 50 basis points of pressure due to bringing the women's footwear business in-house while lower product costs largely offset the negative impact of commercial activity in the outlet channel. Although the negative year-over-year impact from outlet promotions was consistent with the prior quarter, it was slightly more negative than expectations.  Finally, currency benefited the brand's gross margin rate of 50 basis points in the quarter. Importantly, we continue to expect Coach brand gross margin to be flat to slightly higher for the full year. Kate Spade gross margin was 64.3%. This performance was above our expectations in prior year, benefiting in part from lower discount rates in the North America outlet channel. Gross margin for Stuart Weitzman was 56.6% as compared to 62.1% in the prior year. The year-over-year decline was due to a combination of factors as we anniversary-ed significant gross margin expansion in the prior year.  First, we experienced a negative impact of 220 basis points from FX headwinds. Second, we had a higher penetration of carryover product and softer-than-expected sell-throughs resulting in increased markdown sales versus the prior year. And third, the production delays we encountered negatively impacted both our retail and wholesale channels. The inability to access new product led to lower-than-expected full-price selling in retail. And we were unable to achieve the planned and traditional level of wholesale full-price reorders. SG&A expenses totaled $729 million and represented 55.1% of sales as compared to 54.6% in the year-ago period. Coach SG&A expenses totaled $450 million and represented 46.4% of sales compared to 47.3% in the year-ago quarter. The year-over-year expense leverage of 90 basis points was due to sales growth and solid expense control. Kate Spade SG&A expenses were $159 million and represented 59.2% of sales. Stuart Weitzman SG&A expenses were $52 million and represented 62.4% of sales as compared to 56.7% of sales in the prior year. The year-over-year SG&A deleverage was principally due to sales falling below expectations as well as higher marketing expenses and the incremental cost associated with directly operating the Northern China business. In addition, please note that Tapestry's total SG&A includes corporate costs as outlined in our press release.  Operating income for the quarter was $184 million, an increase of 14% versus prior year while operating margin was 13.9% as compared to 16.3% in the prior year. The addition of Kate Spade pressured our overall operating margin by approximately 230 basis points. Operating income for Coach was $242 million while operating margin was 25% versus 24.4% in the prior year. Operating income for Kate Spade was $14 million while operating margin was 5.1%. Stuart Weitzman had an operating loss of $5 million in the quarter.  Net interest expense was $17 million in the quarter as compared to $4 million in the year-ago period. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher debt levels associated with the Kate Spade acquisition. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 5.6% as compared to 17.5% in the prior year, reflecting in part the U.S. tax legislation changes. In addition, the impact associated with the adoption of the Accounting Standards Update, ASU 2016-09, for the accounting of the employee share-based payments which cannot be forecasted, lowered the effective tax rate by approximately 5% in the third quarter. Net income in the quarter totaled $158 million as compared to $130 million in the prior year. Earnings per diluted share was $0.54 versus $0.46, representing a year-over-year increase of 18%.  Now moving to global distribution by brand. For Coach, we closed a net of 8 locations globally, primarily in North America. We also acquired the Coach business in Australia and New Zealand, where we ended the quarter with 21 locations. Taken together, we finished Q3 with 980 directly operated locations worldwide. For Kate Spade, we closed a net of 2 locations globally. We also assumed operational control of our joint ventures from Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, where we finished the quarter with 50 locations. Overall, we ended the quarter with 332 directly operated stores. And for Stuart Weitzman, while we had no openings or closings in the quarter, we acquired the distributor business in Northern China, where we ended Q3 with 20 stores. Therefore, we ended Q3 with 103 directly operated locations globally. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. At the end of the fiscal third quarter, our cash and short-term investments were approximately $1 billion as compared to $1.9 billion in the prior year. In addition, we have $1.6 billion of senior notes as of the end of the quarter compared to $600 million a year ago. As a reminder, in January, consistent with our commitment to conservative balance sheet management, we fully repaid $1.1 billion in term loans, utilizing excess cash, resulting in a reduction of our leverage by about a turn on a debt-to-EBITDA basis. Inventory levels at quarter-end were $714 million versus ending inventory of $479 million in the year-ago period. Excluding the impact of Kate Spade as well as the inventory associated with the regional buyback activity in the quarter, total inventory increased 7% versus prior year, consistent with organic sales growth. Importantly, we've now rightsized the inventory at Kate Spade. Net cash from operating activities in the third quarter was an inflow of $156 million compared to an inflow of $202 million last year. Our CapEx spending was $60 million in Q3 versus $70 million last year. Free cash flow in the quarter was an inflow of $95 million versus an inflow of $132 million in the same period last year.  Now turning to our capital allocation policy. Our long-term priorities remain unchanged, first, we will continue to invest in our brands in order to drive sustainable growth and value creation; secondly, we will seek strategic acquisition, looking for great brands with opportunities for expansion; and finally, returning capital to shareholders with a focus on dividends. Now moving to our 2018 outlook. Consistent with our prior practice, the following guidance is presented on a non-GAAP basis. Additionally, the Kate Spade guidance is provided subsequent to the deal close on July 11, 2017. Turning to our guidance. We continue to expect total revenues for Tapestry in fiscal 2018 to increase about 30% versus fiscal 2017 to $5.8 billion to $5.9 billion with low single-digit organic growth. This includes the expectation for low single-digit Coach global comps, along with some growth in Coach brand North America wholesale and a slight increase at Stuart Weitzman. In addition, we expect the acquisition of Kate Spade to add over $1.2 billion in revenue. The Kate Spade revenue projection includes the impact of the planned strategic pullback in the wholesale disposition and online flash sales channels and assumes a high single-digit decrease in comps for the fiscal year, offset in part by the consolidation on the joint ventures and new store contribution.  In addition, we are now projecting operating income growth of at least 22% versus fiscal 2017, driven by mid-single-digit organic growth, the acquisition of Kate Spade and estimated synergies of approximately $45 million. These energies are expected to offset in part the reduction of profitability from the strategic and deliberate pullback of Kate Spade wholesale disposition and online flash sales channels. Taken together, the Kate Spade business and resulting synergies are now expected to add approximately $145 million to operating income.  Net interest expense is now projected to be approximately $75 million for the year. The full year fiscal 2018 tax rate is now projected at about 18% to 19%. The reduction from our previous guidance is primarily attributable to the actualization of our third quarter tax rate. We expect our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year to be approximately 289 million. Overall, we are now projecting earnings per diluted share for the year in the range of $2.57 to $2.60, an increase of about 19% to 21% versus prior year, including high single-digit accretion from the acquisition of Kate Spade. We also now expect CapEx to be approximately $300 million in fiscal year '18. As previously noted, we will naturally be incurring a number of onetime charges primarily associated with the Kate Spade acquisition and integration. These charges include such items as transaction fees and integration costs, which include severance, store closure cost and inventory valuation adjustments. For the full year, we currently anticipate pretax integration charges to be approximately $250 million to $260 million for fiscal year '18, of which approximately $130 million to $135 million is expected to be noncash. In addition to such integration charges, we've also incurred approximately $40 million related to pretax acquisition fees. Finally, we expect to incur approximately $15 million of operational efficiency charges for the full year.  As outlined last quarter, we also expect to incur a net of approximately $215 million in onetime charges as a result of the recent U.S. tax reform. These charges relate to the transition tax on foreign earnings deemed to be repatriated of approximately $315 million, partially offset by the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities under the new tax code of approximately $100 million. The actual amount of the remeasurement and the deemed repatriation tax may differ from this estimate due to, among other factors, a change in interpretations of the applicable revisions to the U.S. tax code; changes in the assumptions made in developing these estimates; as well as regulatory guidance that may be issued with respect to the applicable revisions to the U.S. tax code.  Finally, turning to our fiscal year '18 directly operated distribution plans by brand. For Coach, we expect to close a net of approximately 5 locations globally. However, that does not include the addition of 21 stores associated with the acquisition of our businesses in Australia and New Zealand from our distributor. For Kate Spade, we expect to open about 20 net new locations globally in addition to the 50 stores across Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan that we took operational control of in the third quarter. And for Stuart Weitzman, we have opened a net 2 locations year-to-date. And we do not expect any net change in the fourth quarter. In addition, as reported, we've acquired 20 stores as part of the buyback of the Northern China business.  In closing, we will drive results through continued organic growth, notably at Coach, while continuing to integrate Kate Spade, which we believe will be high single-digit accretive to our fiscal 2018 results. And as mentioned, we will continue to expect to achieve run rate synergies of $100 million to $115 million in fiscal 2019. Overall, we remain very optimistic of our global opportunities, and we are committed to drive long-term sustainable growth across the Tapestry portfolio of brands with a very healthy balance sheet to support our strategies.  I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Robert Drbul: I had two questions, actually. The first one is, on the Coach brand gross margin, can you provide some color on the Coach brand gross margin for the third quarter? And I guess, fiscal year '18 being flat to up implies a significant expansion in the fourth quarter. Can you just talk about what gives you the confidence in that? And then the second question I have is on Stuart Weitzman, can you just provide some context on what happened and why you think of these execution issues are temporary, please?
Victor Luis: Sure. Thanks, Bob. Let me first touch on the Stuart Weitzman issues, our strategies, learnings and more importantly what we're doing about the current situation, given that it is really the only driver in the evolution of the guidance that we've given. And then Kevin will jump in then on gross margin. First, just a tiny bit of context on Stuart Weitzman, it's a great brand. Obviously, many of you are aware of the reasons that we've discussed in the past for this acquisition, a brand that's especially seeing tremendous growth in Asia with the focus on China and reflected in the recent investment that we made in buying that business back. And indeed, sales were tracking very close to our plan through February. As all of you know, this is a brand that has leadership in really iconic two categories, the 5050 boot, over-the-knee boots, and then in the NUDIST collection of sandals. And our strategy has really been to innovate these two iconic classifications while developing new ones, especially sneakers and pumps, and as well to add accessories as we continue to develop the brand's retail footprint. And also all of you know that this past May, May of '17, Stuart Weitzman, the individual, transitioned to non-Executive Chairman. And in fact, this upcoming week, indeed later this week, he becomes Chairman Emeritus. And the collections that we have in stores this past quarter as well as into this quarter are really the work of a hybrid of designs from several teams that have transitioned from the founder. And as such, the next few seasons really represent a unique transitional period, one where our core icons have been in need of a refresh and are suffering from a bit of fatigue while we also work to drive needed levels of fashion into the brand. Also I believe all of you know that this brand has a dedicated supply chain in Alicante, Spain that is separate from everything that we do with Coach and Kate.  And that while we're very proud of our team in Spain, it does lack the processes and the systems to deal with the level of complexity and innovation that the teams need and wants to deliver. And this has led to the execution challenges that we're facing in this one moment in time. The result has been really a lower-than-expected sell-through of our carryover styles and late delivery of our new collections. And these are issues that really intensified towards the quarter-end and impacted the timely delivery of product. So most importantly, what are we doing? What are the actions that we're taking? First, on the people side, of course -- and we're very proud and happy to bring on to the team Eraldo Poletto, and by his presence, strengthening the team as well as having recently brought in as well Francesca Bertoncini, who has 17 years of footwear experience with Prada, really strengthening that team. And over the last 2 to 3 months, we have been adding purchasing, product development, production planning, quality control people across the entire process of the business in our supply chain in Spain. Look, as mentioned in our speakers' notes, we do expect these challenges to last through the fall/winter season. But we see it as a moment in time. We're addressing them. And we expect to return to growth in the second half of FY '19. It is truly a once-in-a-lifetime transition from a founder-led business to a business that can scale and really hopefully execute to our vision, which is for this to be a $1 billion business with mid-teens operating margins. And we're truly transitioning the business structures, the organizations and the processes to allow us to achieve just this.
Kevin Wills: In terms of the Coach gross margin, it was 71.4%. And that was down 26 basis points to last year. And that compares to Q2, when we were down 19 basis points to last year. Currency was a tailwind. But the footwear drag was 25 basis points more of a headwind, specifically footwear pressured by about 55 basis points in Q3 versus 30 basis points in both Q1 and Q2. And as you noted importantly, we still expect flat to slightly up for fiscal year '18 versus fiscal year '17 for the Coach brand. Therefore, there's no change in our Coach guidance. We also are feeling great about Q4, where we have already actualized significant year-over-year gross margin expansion in April, which gives us confidence for annual expectations.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of David Schick of Consumer Edge Research.
David Schick: I just wanted to talk about the different price points in Coach brand. You talked a lot about the different bags that are working in marketing and customization. But just the energy, a different price point strata would be great. And just to follow on to Bob's question, are there any impacts worth noting in the total COGS chain, whether it's raw goods, labor? Just helping us think about what's changing versus how you thought about business 6 or 12 months ago.
Victor Luis: Sure. I'll let Josh chime in on the Coach product mix. And then Kevin will jump in on the COGS.
Joshua Schulman: As we've noted before, our strategic intent has always been to address the gaps in our handbag assortment, adding more weight of between $300 and $400 as our sweet spot. And so we're really thinking about things in terms of a good, better, best hierarchy and how we can best balance that. And so as we've always planned, the above $400 bucket declined in penetration as we increased our focus on this sweet spot. And we're continuing to drive innovation above $400 and below $300. And I think we're particularly pleased with the mix of product, both in terms of the Signature introduction and leather product in the good, better, best buckets.
Victor Luis: Okay. And then on COGS, I'll jump in here, Kevin, really no impact, very positive savings across both Kate and Coach. Of course, as we leverage the synergies of bringing both of those brands together, we're seeing pretty consistent reaction from our supply chain in terms of both labor and materials.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Irwin Boruchow of Wells Fargo.
Irwin Boruchow: So Victor, I have a question about the Kate Spade business. You gave guidance for run rate synergies that we can look out relative to the EBIT number you expect this year. I think it's an incremental $65 million to $70 million. Should we expect that to be the base case for EBIT dollar growth next year? Or should we assume that some of that needs to get reinvested maybe with some of the Asia businesses that you took in-house? And then on top of that, is there an expectation of when we should start to think about comps maybe flattening out and turning positive for that brand next year?
Victor Luis: Sure. Let me first touch on top line performance and Kevin will jump in, in a moment on synergies and -- well, we haven't provided any guidance, but I'll let him jump in, in a minute on the op inc margin. In terms of top line, look, as we've mentioned, Nicola and now joined by Anna have been incredibly busy in the evolution of our product. We've been clear that the key there, of course, is our core handbags and accessories. We have a truly experienced team that's done that at scale, both in the marketplace outside, of course, of Tapestry brands, and now most importantly will leverage the Tapestry platform to execute at a great level. They've been, in fact, sat with Anna just this week. She's back from product development visits with Nicola and the team. And we're really excited by what we're seeing. That first collection will be shown in September. It will start to hit markets early next calendar year, so the second half of our fiscal year. But I think that you can expect to see, of course, the business to perform from there quite nicely. Saying that, we're incredibly proud, of course, of what we have done with the development that was in line when we inherited the brands, Irwin. I mean, specifically if you look at, of course, our ability to have driven more or less flat or close to flat comps in brick and mortar, we have pulled the business back by reducing the online promotional events as well, of course, as you know, what we've done in terms of pulling back from wholesale but with really terrific improvements in our gross margin. And in the third quarter, that was the same as we continued to pull back on promotions, even in the outlet channel, driving gross margin improvements for the brands. So really pleased with what we are doing. And then on the op inc question, Kevin?
Kevin Wills: Yes. On the synergies, as you noted, we updated our expectation for this year to be $45 million and continue to expect $100 million to $110 million for next year. And I think the ability increase our expectations this year gives us further confidence in our abilities for next year. And as we're beginning to start to make some of the product next year, we're feeling good about the COGS synergies.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: My question was around the category just being up low double digits in the quarter globally. I know there is some FX in there but still very strong performance. What is the role of logo that you see in the trajectory of this category going forward? And then can you just walk through what you saw in North America during the quarter for the category?
Victor Luis: Sure. And I'll start there. I mean, we, of course, report globally. But that being said, and still with one major North America competitor yet to report, right now, we estimate the category grew in line in North America with the December quarter at a mid-single-digit rate with a similar story to what we're seeing globally, which is really luxury brands, especially driven by the logo brands being the main drivers. And it's very exciting to us, of course. You've heard in our speakers' notes, and Josh just talked about the excitement that we have with what we're doing with Signature, we're managing it very carefully, having had past experience with what that can do, both in terms of driving growth but also driving ubiquity to the brand. So we're managing the balance between driving growth and maintaining a certain level of scarcity around that and very excited about what it can do for the business because it is the most important way for brands to differentiate themselves as well at scale. So very ownable, very excited about the opportunity, and we see that trend continuing for the next few years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Oliver Chen of Cowen and Company.
Oliver Chen: Our question is about the Coach brand outlet and thinking about the promotions that have happened in that channel versus what you can do going forward and how you'll balance that against product cost-benefit or if those continue. And on the discussion about Signature logo, could you brief us on your thoughts about that in terms of how that's evolving by channel and where you think we are, within what time frame in terms of what you see happening in the marketplace?
Victor Luis: Sure, thanks. I'll let Josh chime in on both of those.
Joshua Schulman: Yes. In terms of the outlet channel, obviously it's a promotional channel. This season, as Kevin mentioned, we did see a little bit of heightened activity as we approached Easter. But we don't see that as particularly unusual. And we are very effectively managing the promotions in that channel. In terms of your question on Signature. I think it's important to keep in mind that even though we've been talking about this for several quarters, we only really had a full presence at retail in the middle of this quarter in March. And we saw an immediate positive response to the introduction of Signature at the top of our pyramid in products that walk the runway in our retail channels globally. And so as we see this evolve over the next season, we see opportunity obviously to introduce small leather goods, to have a presence in men's, to have a presence across categories. And in fact, Stuart Vevers put it on the runway again for fall in a completely different fashion context. But we're taking a very measured approach on this. And the products that is at retail in our full-price retail stores is very different from the product that we have had in outlet. And so far, our customers in both channels seem to be responding to the offers.
Victor Luis: I'll just add. Oliver, the last time we saw this trend, of course, from the early 2000s, it was pretty much a decade run. Now obviously, fashion cycles are speeding up. But one would imagine this to be a 5- to 6-year cycle to 7-year cycle potentially as opposed to a 10-year cycle that we saw previously.
Oliver Chen: And just the last question is on digital, Victor. Could you update us on what you're focused on, on a few key priorities and what we should pay attention to digitally as you think about omni-channel and CRM and other factors?
Victor Luis: Sure. Let me let Josh chime in as the Coach brand is really, along with Kate Spade, of course, leading our e-commerce charge. And then I'll touch a little bit on digital as it relates to data. Josh?
Joshua Schulman: So we're extremely excited about our e-commerce business globally. And more broadly, we're excited about driving digital innovation across our business. We're very focused on our customer and providing her or him with a seamless omni-channel experience. And what we're doing now is we're sharing our best practices across geographies. So for instance in China, we have a very developed digital clienteling platform on WeChat. And we're taking learnings from there and incorporating that form of digital interaction globally. And likewise, on the other hand, in North America, we have the most developed omni-channel capabilities of all of our regions. And we're using that as a springboard for development in other regions. During this year, from a marketing perspective, we have significantly accelerated the shift to digital. And we're seeing the results of these moves in our customer acquisition. Our marketing is increasingly driven by videoconference -- video content rather and our presence on global social platforms. So in America, that would be Instagram. In China, that would be Sina Weibo. And in Japan, that would be LINE. And so we really see the coach.com website as the center of this ecosystem, which connects the customer behavior when she's shopping online, looking at the website on her mobile or increasingly in the river of where she's looking at social content as well.
Victor Luis: Yes. And then I would just add there that David Kang, who runs those efforts for us and is a leader across the brands as well, and as we scale both the learnings from whether it be the marketing or the technologies or investments that we're making across our platform, of course, we immediately leverage those across the 3 brands. And that is a journey that we're on over the next fiscal year, especially from a global perspective, not only here in North America but also outside of North America. And lastly, Oliver, as you know and we've discussed in the past, for us, digital is as much about data. We have 110 million names in our database, as you know. We have, in fact, just a couple of weeks ago, completed the integration of Kate Spade fully now into our North America platform. And in fact, their global database as well as Stuart Weitzman now fully in there. So across our 3 brands, teams are leveraging the tools that already exist to much more effectively leverage the program tools to actually target and market to consumers. And we, just this week in fact, are very proud to announce the appointment of Fabio Luzzi, who joins us as Vice President of our Advanced Analytics and Data Labs teams. You've heard us talk about some of the efforts there. But we have very high expectations to leverage our customer data, product data and other sources that we are in the process of collecting to drive AI and machine learning opportunities across the company. One of the first tests that we're doing there, in fact is, around inventory, merchandising analytics and eventually even potentially pricing analytics as we think about the go-forward. But we're excited about those opportunities.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Anna Andreeva of Oppenheimer.
Anna Andreeva: Two quick ones for us. A follow-up on the outlet channel, just curious, what are you guys seeing in terms of the foreign tourism trends over there? I think a few retailers have called out some stabilization recently. And secondly, just as we think about fiscal '19, maybe talk about the puts and takes on the gross margin line for the Coach brand. Do you think there's opportunity for lesser discounting that we should start seeing next year?
Victor Luis: Anna, I'll let Josh talk to the tourist numbers that we're seeing and specifically in North America outlet.
Joshua Schulman: So from our data, it does appear that the North America regional mall traffic remained positive in this quarter. And of course, it was helped by the Easter shift as we saw that spike in the end of March. And that was -- we saw that both in the full-price mall channel as well as the outlet channel.
Kevin Wills: As it relates to the gross margin outlook for '19, obviously we're not providing any guidance at that point in time. But obviously, we would hope with product newness and innovation, all the things that you'd expect us to do to hopefully drive reductions in the discounting. But we're not providing any specific guidance at this time.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Paul Trussell of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Trussell: I just wanted to follow up on a comment made regarding, I think, the department store channel. You mentioned that you were pleased with your sell-through. Could you just comment a bit more and give us an update on where you stand in terms of the assortment that you're putting into that channel and how it's differentiated from the outlets in your brand stores and digital operations and just what else you saw with your wholesale partners?
Victor Luis: Sure. We'll let Josh chime in on that. He's very passionate and working extremely closely with the team on those efforts.
Joshua Schulman: Yes. The results that we're seeing in the department store channel now are really a result of two things. One is the hard work that the team has done over the past few years to rightsize the channel. So we feel really good about our positioning in the stores that we're now in the right doors. And so we have a great base to start from. But it's also more importantly picking up on the halo of the brands that we see overall. Specifically in North America, we had a very strong quarter across channels. And so the strength that you're seeing in the department stores is a reflection of the strength that we're seeing in our own retail stores as well.
Paul Trussell: Got it. That's very helpful. And just one quick follow-up, just on the Stuart Weitzman, you all spoke about an outlook on the revenue line for next quarter and into next year. Is there any comments you can provide on the puts and takes on how we should think about the EBIT contribution from that banner?
Kevin Wills: We've indicated that we experienced obviously operating income pressure in the third quarter. And we would expect that to continue into the fourth quarter.
Victor Luis: Yes. And then we'll be giving, of course, longer-term guidance on FY '19 in our next call. But as I close, I think over the medium term, we see this as a $1 billion business, mid-teens op inc. And that's the structure and the investments that we're putting into place right now across the organization, both on the front end and on the back end. But in the short term, at least through the fall/winter season, as we have discussed, we see some pressure on the business.
Andrea Resnick: That will conclude our Q&A. And I'll now turn it over to Victor Luis for some brief concluding remarks. Victor?
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea. I'm getting a message here that just to reiterate that our synergies target for the Kate Spade brand for next year are $100 million to $115 million for next year. And I want to just close by thanking our team across the world, all 21,000 of them who continue to drive the performance on a daily basis and connecting with our customers. And they're very focused, of course, in driving innovation and unique experiences across our markets. I couldn't be more excited and proud of them, and of course, with the limitless opportunities that we have ahead of us. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-02-06 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Resnick - Global Head, IR and Corporate Communications Victor Luis - CEO Kevin Wills - CFO Josh Schulman - CEO and Brand President, Coach
Analysts: Bob Drbul - Guggenheim Securities Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo David Schick - Consumer Edge Research Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer Oliver Chen - Cowen & Company Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Mark Altschwager - Baird Simeon Siegel - Nomura Scott Krasik - Buckingham Research
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Tapestry’s Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications of Tapestry’s Andrea Resnick.
Andrea Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results and annual forecast are Victor Luis, Tapestry, Inc.’s Chief Executive Officer; and Kevin Wills, Tapestry CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon a number of important factors, including risks and uncertainties such as our ability to achieve intended benefits, cost savings and synergies from acquisitions; expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences, control costs, successfully execute our operational efficiency initiatives and growth strategies and the impact of tax reform legislation. Please refer to our latest quarterly report on Form 10-Q, our annual report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Please note that historical trends may not be indicative of future performance. Also, certain financial information and metrics that will be discussed today will be presented on a non-GAAP basis. These non-GAAP measures exclude certain items related to our operational efficiency plan, integration and acquisition related charges, and the impact of tax reform legislation as well as the impact of foreign currency fluctuations where noted. You may identify these non-GAAP measures by the terms non-GAAP, adjusted for constant currency. The Company believes that presenting these non-GAAP measures is a useful for investors and others to evaluate the Company’s ongoing operations and financial results against historical performance, and in a manner that is consistent with management’s evaluation of the business. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information or metric as well as a related reconciliation on our website, www.tapestry.com /investors, and then viewing the earnings release posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2018 results for our three brands. Kevin Wills will continue with details on financial and operational results, and our outlook for the balance of FY18. Following that we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Josh Schulman, Chief Executive Officer and Brand President of Coach and Todd Kahn, Tapestry's President and Chief Administrative Officer. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. We will then conclude with some brief summary remarks. I’d now like to introduce Victor Luis, Tapestry’s CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning, thank you Andrea and welcome everyone. We are delighted to report a second quarter which exceeded our internal expectations from both the top line and bottom line perspective leveraging the strong holiday season in North America and the benefits of Tapestry's multi brand global model. As noted in our press release this morning our results benefited from both organic sales growth at Coach and Stuart Weitzman, as well as the contribution of Kate Spade. Naturally we were excited to drive positive global and North American comps for Coach as our inventory mix improved notably in outlets while our retail business was driven by innovation and improved domestic mall traffic for the first time in several years. We were also pleased to deliver better than expected results across financial metrics. Most notably and as will be shared in more detail by Kevin we experienced a significant sequential improvement in gross margin trend at Coach and outperformance at Kate Spade where we carefully managed promotions across channels.  The Kate Spade integration onto our operating platform continued smoothly during the quarter as we executed on the strategic actions to position the brand for long term success. These included the pull back on flash sales and wholesale disposition while taking substantial steps to unlock cost and operating synergies. We remain especially excited about the opportunities for the brand both in terms of revenue growth driven by distribution expansion and productivity and profitability improvement as we leverage our scale across our supply chain and corporate functions. As previously shared we continue to expect to achieve synergies primarily related to SG&A of about 30 million to 35 million in FY '18 and run rate synergies from both COGS and SG&A of approximately 100 million to 115 million in fiscal 2019.  This past quarter we also made several key hires across our brands. Josh strengthened the leadership team at Coach with the appointments of Laura Dubin-Wander as President, North America and Fredrick Malm as President, Europe & International Wholesale. And at Kate Spade, we announced Nicola Glass as Creative Director, a proven leader in fashion accessories design who is compelling vision for the brand as a leader in feminine accessories has the entire team excited for the next chapter. We are also pleased to announced that David Kong has joined the company in the newly created role of Head of Tapestry Digital and Coach Brand Ecommerce. David will be responsible for accelerating growth and the long-term vision of Coach's ecommerce business while driving innovation and leveraging emerging trends to create new capabilities across all Tapestry brands. On the global business development front, we are thrilled to announce several important transactions today, focused on two global strategic priorities. First, leveraging the opportunity for our brands with the Chinese consumer globally, highlighted by the pending acquisition of the Stuart Weitzman business from our distributor in northern china, and taking operational control of our Kate Spade joint venture from mainland china, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan.  And second, unlocking the value of a multi brand operating model. To this end we are excited to announce the buyback of the coach business in Australia and New Zealand from our distributor within expected closing date in the fiscal third quarter. As a result, we are creating a Tapestry multi brand hub and center of excellence in Australia which allows for greater control of our brands and the structure and resources to drive growth across our portfolio in an important market. Importantly given our strong year-to-date financial performance we expect that we will be able to fund these strategic actions while maintaining our operating income growth targets for the year. Taken together with the anticipated benefits from the lower tax rate and interest expense we expect to drive strong double digit adjusted earnings growth and exceed annual EPS guidance we set out for Tapestry at the beginning of the fiscal year. Moving to category trends and as you know given our new reporting structure we have moved to a global category update. During the second quarter we estimate that the men's and women's premium handbag and accessory market which is over 40 billion grew at a high single digit rate globally, similar to the September quarter. Now turning to results by brand. I would like to focus on second quarter performance and spring outlook for Coach where we remain focused on elevating brand perception, driving fashion relevance and ensuring balance across our product offering in both price points and material. As you know there were a number of extraordinary events that had impacted Q1 performance which were beyond our control. Along with poor inventory mix in our outlet channel.  However, as we entered Q2 we were able to address the inventory mix opportunities highlighted at the time and saw a strong inflection in both global comparable store sales and gross margin from our Q1 performance with sales driven by an improvement across all productivity metrics, traffic, ticket trends and conversion.  On a year-over-year basis conversion remains positive while traffic and ticket were essentially flat. Overall for the second quarter coach sales increase 2% both as reported an in constant currency lead by North America while the international business and aggregate also rose on both the reported and constant currency basis.  The brand's international constant currency sales growth was driven by increase in Europe, greater China, South East Asia and Japan. Globally we saw business with the Chinese consumer increase with notable strength in Japan, continental Europe and other Asia markets.  During the quarter, our global Coach comp rebounded rising 3% led by North America outperformance as the inventory mix was corrected and mall traffic trends improved. Overall greater China comps rose with positive comps on the Mainland and a significant improvement in trend in Hong Kong and Macau. Comps in Europe reflect year-over-year as expected given the double-digit gains posted on last year second quarter fueled by currency weakness notably in the UK.  Moving to wholesale. Our North America shipments grew during the quarter driven by footwear. As expected, our sales at POS declined due to the rap impact of spring 2017 door closures which have not anniversaries while our total promotional event phase in the channel declined 20%.  However, we were pleased to once again have positive year-on-year performance in comp doors within our largest account. Our results are especially strong in those doors which have been renovated into the modern luxury concept. Our international wholesale revenue declined, due in part to shipment timing but rose at POS.  Turning to Coach product performance and starting with retail. We offered a compelling holiday gift assortment with options across categories and price points in a wide selection of colors, such a playful print in the surprised and delighted our customers and while we continue to innovate leather craft launching quoting as a new technique. This novelty platform was offered across collections and silhouettes from Rogue and Dinky as well as in a full range of small leather goods, crafted in luxurious lightweight Nappa leather. In handbags for holidays, we focused on cascading the level of innovation and fashion leadership which Stuart Vevers brings to our most elevated run way collections across the pyramids of price, occasion and function in both 1941 and our broader Coach assortments.  Highlights of the quarter include, great progress on our strategy to reinforce our assortment in the $300 to $400 price tag, including the Selena Grace Bag which launched at the end of Q1 and the Fulton satchel. In addition, gifting items including whimsical branded canvas mascot tote bags were a hit with some key styles selling out within a few weeks. Likewise, our expanded range of small bags and small leather goods were well received and enhanced our position as a gifting destination. Beyond leather goods we were excited about the great response to ready to wear across geographies especially the significant penetration levels in Asian markets where Coach has always been used as a dual gender lifestyle brand.  Finally, in men's retail we saw success in gifting notable in core colors as well as in cold weather, and similar to women men's ready to wear growth exceeded expectations.  Supporting our retail product initiatives our holiday marketing focused on compelling product driven content and storytelling. We also continued to increase our focus on digital where we drove strong engagement across channels and we successfully amplified the Coach gifting message with our holiday campaign featuring Selena.  What was particularly exciting was the continued recruitment gains in both our North America and global customer databases and across channels in part reflecting our strategy to showcase the Selena collaboration to cut through to a broader audience. In addition, Coach continues to lead in emotional and functional attributes in our brand tracking survey among the broad premium markets.  As noted on our last call we launched Coach Create globally in Q2, a platform for clients that customize their bags either online or in store. In 36 stores worldwide as well as online we have the most complete expression of Coach Create which allows customers to co-create bags with signature details such as embossed leather tea roses or prairie rivets. This customization in done in store while the customer shops, and in about 35% of our direct retail fleet worldwide we now offer monogramming in our in-store craftsmanship bar for monogramming station. We've been so encouraged by the results of Coach Create that we will be expanding the most complete expression of the concept to over 250 stores globally or about 40% of the direct retail store base by the end of the year. I wanted to spend a minute on our footwear initiative which as you know we took in house and launched this summer. Our Fall collections the first under our direct control included a focused assortment of 100 SKUs grounding in shearling and boots.  At the end of Q2 in December we launched pre-spring with an expanded range of functions including a broad sneaker assortment and the introduction of the dress classification. Both of these strategies resonated with our customers. As we head into spring we continue to amplify the sport category introduce signature and enhance the dress assortment.  Looking ahead to spring for retail, we will re-launch Signature in our retail channel in a powerful way. The updated version of our Signature pattern is inspired and rooted in our history, but as has been reinterpreted by Stuart Vevers and featured in Spring 2018 run way show.  We will continue to innovate across price brackets with the focus on maintaining balance in the assortment. We will introduce two new styles under $400 that combine up town allegiance with down town ease. And next week we are looking forward to presenting our most elevated collection Coach 1941 at New York fashion week. Finally, we will offer compelling and feminine Mother's Day assortment brooded in animation in our iconic Tea Rose embellishment and featuring top styles including rogue to dinky. Moving to outlook and starting with Q2. In tactful gifting destination key style launchers and the comprehensive 360-degree experience through cross category messaging drove our holiday performance. In handbags we were pleased by the positive response [indiscernible] elegant silhouettes which resonated with customers globally.  In addition, we animated our chain family which expanded our dressed-up sensibility within the holiday assortment. Metallics, glitter and studding continued to have an increasingly important role in holiday with an expanded color palette rooted in cool parts of metallic.  In December the Coach [indiscernible] capsule played on the trend right creature animations on bags, smaller the goods and fashion accessories. Black Friday included the fun plant story across both men's and women's product categories. Backpacks and tops were especially strong within the black Friday message. Now looking to spring and outlet, we are enthusing innovation with new salivate launches across the board. We have a couple of exciting collaborations coming within the channel in the next few weeks and we will be leveraging inspiration from the 1941 runway looks. Overall, we're thrilled with Coach's holiday performance. As we look forward to spring and beyond we are well-positioned to drive positive comparable store sales driven by compelling products, our differentiated modern luxury store experience and bold marketing campaigns across all of our channels and geographies. We are especially excited about our development and logo platforms and the leverage that we expect to get from the new spring Selena Gomez campaign and bringing these ideas to our core customers globally given the current trend for highly differentiated logo products in the broader market. Moving to Kate Spade sales totaled 435 million in the second quarter, down about 7% from the prior year on a pro forma basis, reflecting our strategic reduction of both wholesale disposition and/or surprised sales. Underlying comparable store sales trends were similar to the prior quarter with brick-and-mortar comps down 3% globally and total comps down about 7% impacted by reduced promotional sales online.  Highlights of the quarter were the strength of innovation in retail where we expanded our customization program and supported the expansion of the ready-to-wear visual merchandising test. Most importantly we focused on the gifting assortment with a broader offer across price points and balanced color pallet. Within handbags our core groups performed well notably [Carmen Street] and Jackson street while backpacks and cross bodies both comps significantly. The customer continued to response to the make-it-mine customization program which built the momentum and e-com as well since small leather goods, small wallets and cross bodies drove the biggest increases. And in ready to wear it was all about by now wear now with outerwear. sweaters and dress as the strongest categories. As noted in our last call we're especially excited about our trend in ready to wear and have been testing at different visual merchandizing approach. This test is focused on zooming retail stores by department rather than monthly introduction allowing for an easier category shopping experience. The original test doors continue to outperform the balance of change during the quarter and as a result we rolled out the test to approximately 10 additional doors in Q2. We expect to expand this program throughout the second half of the fiscal year.  And in outlet, we leveraged the opportunity around our gifting capsule as well as in bag packs and cross body silhouettes. We saw improved results from higher inventory levels notably in handbag sales with small leather goods and jewelry also performing well. As always, we had fun with our retail holiday marketing across direct mail featuring our seasonal and make it mine campaigns digital with our popular misadventure and talking shop videos on holiday dressing and online gift guide.  Store events were held throughout the quarter with our levered [ph] events driving traffic into bricks and mortar. Similarly, in outlet we use on mall advertising, windows with updated creative and LED screens to drive traffic.  We're very excited about the 25th anniversary campaign coming up this spring, leveraging some of the classic handbag for the brand and celebrating our history and heritage. We also continue to further our learnings on the Kate Spade brand through U.S. brand tracking survey fielded in December. Importantly we saw the percentage of Kate Spade purchasers who are category drivers increase from the prior quarter.  In addition, when compared to prior year the percentage of women who believe carrying a Kate Spade handbag makes them feel put together increased among the broad premium market. Notably Coach and Kate shared leadership among bench mark brand in this attribute.  And among the broad premium market we continue to see the Kate Spade resonate on the attributes of fissionable, feminine and fun. In fact, 85% of women believe Kate Spade handbags are fashionable and on trend setting us up very well for the increased focus we shall be placing on core handbag innovation in the quarters ahead.  Overall, we're already taken steps to position the brand, building a foundation for solid and sustainable growth. As we look ahead for the Kate Spade for the balance of F18 we will continue to significantly promotional impressing by reducing surprise sales and pulling back on wholesale disposition. It's important to note that in the case of flash, we're not only pulling back on the number of events but also significantly reducing the circulation, no longer using flash sales as broad, widely advertise recruitment vehicles.  Under the creative direction of Nicola Glass, we will accelerate innovation in the core handbag and accessories categories, along with ready to wear and tech leveraging the Tapestry platform, notably our supply chain and product development capabilities. We have begun to review the store fleet and leverage opportunities to maximize the brand's global footprint. To this point we opened nine new stores in Q2 and closed one. In addition to the winding down of Jack Spade we continue to look for focus in our licensed portfolio, while we put our energy and team's efforts on the most significant women's opportunities, handbags, ready to wear, tech accessories and footwear both domestically and internationally.  We are very pleased to the initial response to the joint launch of our first smartwatch with Fossil and look forward to increasing our pace of innovation with this key licensing partner. And we will tailor the brand's creative and playful marketing messages ensuring that it resonates in all key global markets while remaining true to the brand's unique personality. We have begun to make progress against this initiative with the spring campaign launched just last week. Of course, we've also just announced taking operational control of the joint ventures for greater China, which we believe is a huge opportunity for Kate and where we can leverage our regional brand building capabilities. I continue to partner with the terrific Kate Spade team as interim CEO as we continue to look to both capture synergies and more importantly drive global resonance and growth. We are especially excited to support the execution of Nicola's vision for the brand as we bring our strategies to life and global markets.  Turning to Stuart Weitzman, sales rose 2% driven by the global direct business which in turn was fueled by distribution growth and global e-commerce. For perspective we did expect second quarter results to be essentially even on a year over year basis given the extremely difficult compare with last year's 2Q. During the quarter newer occasion categories performed well, including booties, weather and sneakers as well as our developing handbag offering. Most importantly Giovanni Morelli's new creative direction is beginning to gain traction. His first collection of footwear and handbags featuring new brand codes and unique details was just presented at market and was very well received by wholesale partners and the editorial community. We were also excited to unveil a new Stuart Weitzman store concept at the brand's rodeo drive flagship this past month. We remain on track to drive double digit growth for the year at Stuart Weitzman as we continue to evolve the brand identity across global markets.  The Stuart Weitzman team remains focused on innovation and capturing new occasions and wardrobing opportunities in footwear while building credibility in the leather goods category.  We are also looking at distribution opportunities globally notably in select Asian markets where we want to capitalize on the rapidly growing demand for the brand. Key among these are China where as I mentioned we are in the process of buying back our northern China business which has been generating very strong results. Now I'll turn it over to our CFO Kevin Wills for details on our second quarter financial results and guidance for fiscal 2018. Kevin?
Kevin Wills: Thanks Victor. Victor has just taken you through the highlight and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of the quarter as well as our outlook for fiscal year '18. Before I begin please note the comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results, corresponding results as well as the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. Turning to the financial details. Net sales totaled 1.79 billion as compared to 1.32 billion in the prior-year, an increase of 35% driven by the acquisition of Kate Spade and organic growth. Coach net sales totaled 1.23 billion as compared to 1.2 billion in the prior-year, an increase of 2%. Kate Spade net sales totaled 435 million reflecting in part the strategic pullback in wholesale disposition and online flash. Stuart Weitzman net sales totaled $121 million an increase of 2% and slightly ahead of guidance due to wholesale shipment time and favorability as mentioned. Gross profit totaled $1.2 billion while gross margin was 67% as compared to 68.6% in the prior year. The addition of Kate Spade pressured our overall gross margin by approximately 120 basis points, given the lower margin profile of the Kate Spade brand. Gross margin for Coach was 68.8% as compared to gross margin of 69% in the prior year. We experienced a negative 30 basis points impact due to bringing the women's footwear business in house. In addition, currency pressured the brands gross margin rate with 10 basis points in the quarter. As Victor mentioned we were pleased with the sequential improvement in gross margin trend at Coach in combination with positive comparable store sales. Kate Spade gross margin was 63.3%. This performance was above our expectations and prior year, benefiting in part from lower discount rates in the North American outlet channel. Gross margin for Stuart Weitzman was 61.9% as compared to 64.4% in the prior year. The year-over-year decline was in part due to negative impact of currency of 170 basis points. SG&A expenses totaled $785 million and represented 44% of sales as compared to 46.3% in the year ago period. SG&A was well controlled in the quarter and also benefited from a shift and expenses into the back half of the fiscal year. Coach SG&A expenses totaled $485 million and represented 39.4% of sales compared to 40.9% in the year-ago quarter. Kate Spade SG&A expenses were $183 million and represented 42.1% of sales. Stuart Weitzman SG&A expenses were $51 million, and represented 42.4% of sales as compared to 45.6% of sales in the prior year. In addition, please note that Tapestry’s total SG&A includes corporate costs, as outlined in our press release. Operating income for the quarter was $411 million, an increase of 40% versus the prior year, while operating margin expanded approximately 80 basis points to 23%. The addition of Kate Spade pressured our overall operating margin by approximately 60 basis points. Operating income for Coach was $361 million, while operating margin was 29.4% versus 28.1% in the prior year. Operating income for Kate Spade totaled $92 million, while operating margin was 21.2%. Operating income for Stuart Weitzman was $24 million or 19.6% of sales versus 18.8% in the prior year.  Net interest expense was $22 million in the quarter as compared to $5 million in the year-ago period. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher debt levels associated with the Kate Spade acquisition. Our non-GAAP effective tax rate for the quarter was 21.3% as compared to 27% in the prior year reflecting as mentioned the U.S. tax legislation changes. As outlined in detail in our press release this does not include the onetime transition tax on foreign earnings deemed to be repatriated and the measurement of the differed tax asset and liabilities resulting from the federal break reduction.  Net income for the quarter totaled $306 million as compared to $211 million in the prior year with earnings per diluted share of $1.07 versus $0.75. As noted our Q2 non-GAAP EPS was significantly ahead of our expectations with the lower tax rate driving approximately half of the to our internal plan. The balance of the EPS favorability was due to higher operating income versus our projection with approximately half of this upside driven by operational outperformance and half due to timing shift with the second half of fiscal year.  Now, moving to global distribution by brand. For Coach, we opened seven net locations globally primarily in Europe finishing the quarter with 967 directly-operated locations worldwide. For Kate Spade, we open eight net locations globally in the quarter with 284 directly-operated stores. And for Stuart Weitzman, we opened two stores and finished the quarter with 83, directly operating stores globally. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. At the end of fiscal second quarter our cash and short-term investments were approximately $2.1 billion as compared to 1.8 billion in the prior year. Our total borrowings outstanding were $2.7 billion which consisted of $1.6 billion of senior notes and $1.1 billion in terms loans versus $600 million in senior notes a year ago.  In January we fully repaid $1.1 billion in term loans utilizing excess cash, consistent with our comments to conservative balance sheet management the 800 million six-month term loans was repaid maturity and the 300 million term loan was retired early. These actions resulted in a reduction of our leverage by a term on a debt to EBITDA basis. In addition, as part of our appropriate capital structure management we will be filing a new shift registration statement this week as our prior shift expired in December 2017. While we have no plans on offer at this time an active shift registration statement allows us appropriate capital structure flexibility.  Inventory levels at quarter-end were $666 million including approximately $179 million associated with Kate Spade compared to ending inventory of $465 million a year ago. As previously communicated, we expected a higher inventory to sales ratio than has been our recent history due to elevated inventory levels of Kate Spade. We will protect the Kate Spade brand but not moving excess inventory into the disposition market but rather by primarily flowing it into our own network into the second half of the year. Therefore, we continue to expect our inventory to sales ratio to improve as we move to fiscal 2018. Net cash from operating activities in the second quarter was an inflow of $514 million, compared to an inflow of $366 million last year. Our CapEx spending was $78 million in Q2 versus $54 million last year. Free cash flow in the quarter was an inflow of $436 million versus an inflow of $312 million in the same period last year. Please note based on current available regulatory guidance, we anticipate paying repatriation taxes on accumulated foreign earnings over an eight-year period starting in fiscal year 2019. Now turning to our capital allocation policy. Our long-term priorities remain unchanged. First, we will continue to invest in our brands in order to drive sustainable growth and value creation.  Secondly, we will seek strategic acquisitions looking for great brands with opportunities for expansion and finally returning capital to shareholders with the focus on dividends.  Now moving to our 2018 outlook, consistent with our past practice the following guidance is presented on a non-GAAP basis, additional the Kate Spade guidance has provided subsequent to deal close on July 11th 2017. Turning to our guidance, we continue to expect total revenues for tapestry in fiscal 2018 to increase about 30% versus fiscal 2017 to 5.8 billion to 5.9 billion with low single digit organic growth. This includes the expectation for low single digit Coach global comps and a low double digit increase in Stuart Weitzman sales.  In addition, we expect the acquisition of Kate Spade to add over 1.2 billion in revenue. The Kate Spade revenue projection includes the impact of a planned strategic pullback in the wholesale disposition in online plus channels and assumes a high single digit decrease in comps for the year. In addition, we're continuing to project operating income growth of 22 to 25% versus fiscal 2017 driven by mid-single digit organic growth, the acquisition of Kate Spade and estimated synergies of 30 million to 35 million. These synergies are expected to offset in part the reduction in profitability from a strategic and delivered pullback of Kate Spade wholesale disposition in online flash sales channels. Taken together, Kate Spade business and resulting synergies are expected to add approximately a 130 million to a 140 million to operating income.  Importantly and as previously discussed we announced key business development initiatives today that allow each of our brands to take more direct control over the international distribution. Given our year to date operating income outperformance we can find these strategic investments while maintaining our annual operating income growth targets. Net interest is now expected to be 75 million to 78 million for the year versus previous guidance of 80 million to 85 million reflecting the debt repayment in the third quarter. The full year fiscal 2018 tax rate is now projected at about 19.5% to 21% as compared to prior guidance of 25% to 26%. The reduction from our previous guidance is primarily attributable to the recent revisions to the US tax code as discussed. We expect our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year to be approximately 289 million. Overall, we are now projecting earnings per diluted share for the year in a range of $2.52 to $2.60, an increase of about 17% to 21% including mid to half single digit accretion from the acquisition of Kate Spade. We continue to expect CapEx to be approximately 325 million in fiscal '18. As previously noted we naturally be incurring a number of one-time charges primarily associated with the Kate Spade acquisition and integration. These charges include such items as transaction fees and integration cost which includes severance, store closure costs and inventory valuation adjustments.  For the full year we currently anticipate pre-tax integration charges to be approximately 240 million to 250 million in fiscal '18 of which approximately 120 million to a 130 million is expected to be non-cash. In addition to such integration charges we also incurred 40 million in pretax acquisition transaction fees.  Finally, we are expecting to incur approximately 2 million of operational efficiency charges for full-year. As outlined today we also expect to incur net of approximately 213 million in one-time charges as a result of the recent U.S. tax reform. These charges relate to the transition tax on foreign earnings being to be repatriated for approximately 315 million, partially offset by the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities under the new tax code of approximately 102 million. The actual amount of remeasurement and being repatriation tax may differ from this estimate due to among other things a change in the interpretations of revisions to U.S. tax code, changes in assumptions made in developing these estimates as as regulatory guidance that may be issued with respect to the applicable revisions to the U.S. tax code. Finally turning to our fiscal '18 directly operated distribution plans for brand. For Coach we now expect to close in net of approximately five to 10 locations globally. The change versus previous guidance is primarily due to Japan where we planned to close fewer doors based on performance. Also following the acquisition of our businesses in Australia and New Zealand from our distributor we will operate in additional 20 stores. For Kate Spade we continue to expect to open 20 to 25 net new locations globally, while also taking operational control of approximately 50 stores across mainland china, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. And for Stuart Weitzman we continue to expect approximately five net openings globally. In addition, we expect to directly operate approximately 20 doors in northern china following a distributor buyback. In closing we will grow both Coach and Stuart Weitzman in the year ahead while successfully integrating Kate Spade which we expect to be mid to high single digit accretive to our fiscal 2018 results. And as mentioned we continue to expect to achieve run rate synergies of 100 million to 115 million in fiscal 2019.  Overall, we remain very optimistic about our global opportunities and we're committed to driving long-term sustainable growth across the Tapestry portfolio of brands with a very healthy balance sheet to support our strategies. I would now like to open it up to Q&A. Operator?
Andrea Resnick: Operator, we are ready for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities.
Bob Drbul: I just have two questions, I guess. The first one is you talked about the growth and the performance of the global premium handbag category. I was wondering if you could give us some insight into what you saw in the North American premium handbag category?  And then the second part of it, is specifically to keep call out Coach's outperformance in North America I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on that first?
Victor Luis: Sure, as we have noted Bob, both last quarter and on this speakers notes that we just provided, we're providing global sales and comps and of course are committed to providing global category growth quarterly growth forward, that said to your question with a couple of significant players that have yet to report, it does appear that the North American premium handbag and accessory market grew at a mid-single digit rate which is an acceleration from the low single digit rate that we saw in the September quarter and we believe that was of course part fueled by our own sequential improvements and I will let Josh chime in a little bit on that. 
Josh Schulman: Hi Bob, as Victor mentioned in North America we outperformed the global performance and what we would say is that about one comp point either way would be similar and anything beyond that would be outperformance and we were just so pleased with the results in North America, it was really across business units stores and the internet and across channels and it was a combination I would say that are traffic in the malls that we see and heard about coupled with excellent execution on the part of our teams. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo. 
Ike Boruchow : So, Victor maybe this one is for you, I want to ask about more about the acquisition of the Kate Spade JV in Asia. Can you talk a little bit more about what the business looks like today, maybe some of the key similarities and differences you can draw back to when you took the Coach China business in house and then just lastly, can you may be size the opportunity there longer term?
Victor Luis: Very excited about our witness development opportunities in that part of the world, as we mentioned in our speakers notes, we're actually taking some actions across a couple of market with two real key strategies there, first and foremost is around the Chinese consumer and that obviously relates most to what we're doing with Kate Spade, but also, we're very excited with the buyback of the business from China.  And the Kate Spade opportunity in that market, excuse me, and the Kate Spade opportunity in that market today it's not dramatically different quite frankly from where couch was when we purchase that business back in 2008 and so we're very excited by the experience of course across our teams and the ability to help that brand grow, terrific opportunity for distribution of course across both tier 1, 2 and 3 cities, very developed infrastructure which we know well of course with Coach having well north of 150 locations now in that market, we have terrific relationship with the trade and with distribution and we're really focused now on putting in the right investments and talent of course and driving up awareness for the brand in that market not only in the Mainland but also in Hong Kong, Macau and in Taiwan.  And then the second part of our strategy not directly connected to your question Ike is what we're doing with the Australia, New Zealand buyback of Coach which is really about leveraging a Tapestry multi brand model to allow us to successfully grow our brands in the smaller medium sized markets where each of them independently would not have the scale to be managed directly so very excited about that opportunity and look forward to sharing more on that with you in the future as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Schick of Consumer Edge Research.
David Schick: Hi, good morning, thanks for taking my question. As you seem to be moving faster maybe that's not fair but faster at least based on conversations we're already having this morning on doing what you do buying back distribution, moving through your game plan on Kate, and global synergy is part of what you talked about. Can you talk about the sourcing cost both on materials and labor as you look out through the balance of this year and longer term?
Victor Luis: We don't see much impact as we discussed in the past David for this year obviously we've discussed and shared the inventory that we inherited and we're working through that right across the second half. Of course, we are and have been working incredibly hard across our supply chains both from a sourcing of materials perspective as well as from a labor perspective with all of our partners across the supply chain and what we have shared with you of course is that when we think of the FY '19 run rate of a 100 million to 115 million approximately half of that should be cogs and Kate of course will benefit from that directly, so very excited about that.  Just as importantly we're really excited of course about the opportunity to grow top line and that is a very significant work that the team is doing on maximizing the distribution for the brand not only here in North America but globally but also bringing in the talent that we have.  Nicola Glass is going to be wonderful, she's done this at scale, she's very experienced, she really understands the brand well. I've been partnering with her now for almost a month and I'm very excited with the rest of the team for the vision that she's creating for the Kate Spade brand and that's the next chapter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: Great, thanks good morning and good quarter. I just wanted to focus a little bit on the logo transferring the second quarter. Can you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing from a consumer perspective, are you bringing in a new or a lapsed consumer, were you seeing any traction in tourism and then if you just think about the penetration rate within outlet and then as you launch within spring for full line, where do you see that going over time, thank you.
Victor Luis: Sure, I'll let Josh take that one. 
Josh Schulman: Good morning, so I think it's really important as we talked about the logo trend to separate between the inventory issues that we experienced in outlet in Q1. As we moved into Q2 we were able to normalize our inventory in the ongoing carryover logo product that has always been a part of our outlet assortment.  As we look forward what we've been talking about is the re-introduction of signature which is a historic part of our brand as you know to our retail channel. And what we are seeing there is a part of global movement in luxury brands toward a higher penetration of logo product.  Now that has been absent from our retail assortments, these past few years during the brand transformation and that new product that appeared on Stuart Vevers run way in September will only hit our retail stores as part of the March 1st, floor set.  The editorial response and the response from the wholesale community, our most elevated partners around the world has been terrific on that more elevated product. So, whether it’s a Harper's Bazaar or appearing in the Neiman Marcus catalog, the most elevated partners are excited about the way Stuart introduced it in conjunction with a collaboration with the key pairing archives. We want to be very clear though that we're going to take a very measured approach and a very disciplined approach in how we reintroduce this into retail, a building on the organic demand that is by the way. I also want to clarify one point from your question, that the recruitment in our North America customer base rose during this period.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anna Andreeva of Oppenheimer.
Anna Andreeva: We had more of a modeling questions, so I guess to Kevin as it relates to 3Q given the nights margin improvement at the Coach brand in 2Q, and sounds like you are very well positioned from innovation standpoint. Maybe talk about the P&L dynamics between the gross margin and SG&A. For Coach brand gross margin to be up in 3Q I'm not sure if you quantify the timing shift on expenses from 2Q and how should we think about the Easter shift benefit?
Kevin Wills: Good morning, as we think about the third and fourth quarter, we have given the guidance for the year. We would think from a modeling perspective the third quarter maybe in a flattish range and the gross margin with the fourth quarter up in part due to the softer gross margin performance we had in last year's fourth quarter.  And as you noted there was some timing shifts on the SG&A between the second quarter and the balance of the year. And we would expect the higher impacts of the SG&A probably in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen & Company.
Oliver Chen: Victor on the digital frontier what are your thoughts on key and near-term and longer-term priorities and your thoughts on the evolution of the supply chain digitally and as you approach digital as well as we think about both customer relationship management and fashion and big data and algorithms, what are your thoughts -- there's a lot of a different revolutions happening including with luxury goods, so I'm wondering how you see that evolving and what your customer wants?
Victor Luis: On the broader supply chain question Oli, we have been may be one of the first certainly in our space to dedicate resources to trying to digitize the backend of the process, one of the first investments we made was really on 3D technology to allow our design teams as well as our product development teams to work very closely with all of our vendors on the back end. And that is the process that continues, you will be a hearing a little bit more about some experimentation that we're going to be doing with digitizing from front to back to increased speed and agility in our supply chain.  In terms of the front end of the business, you just heard this morning the recruitment that we have made of David Kahn who has just joined us, he will be playing a dual role firstly foremost leading e-commerce for our largest brand partnership with Josh who has as you all know a great passion for all things digital and driving the strategies for couch.  At the same time leveraging that platform David will play a key role across all brand looking for opportunities for us to leverage innovation along with our data laps team across our digital platforms.  Some of the areas that we have been thinking about and I think you know that we have an incredible asset in our data, we've made substantial investment over the last couple of years across all three brands in technology with a Hadoop database investment. We currently have over 120 million names in that database and one of our key objectives is to leverage that data and recruiting the talent that allows us to obviously think about how we can not only approach consumers more directly in a more customize manner but also in terms of how we think about leveraging machine learning for the inventory management process internally, these are all areas that we're having discussions on and working on right now, so very exciting space indeed.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lindsay Drucker Mann of Goldman Sachs. 
Lindsay Drucker Mann : I had two quick one, first I was hoping you can comment on the tenor of promotions in the outlook channel for Coach and Kate, I think you mentioned it got better for Kate, which is curious what you're seeing there generally. And then second, Kevin I don’t know if you're able to help us get some understanding of what the tax rate could be in F19 and beyond once you have to deal guilty in sort of fully loaded number. 
Victor Luis: I will let Josh chime in on the Coach promotion and gross margin in a minute but as you stated Lindsey in the case of Kate we really have been very, very focused on leveraging a much cleaner approach channels with the very important focus on reducing of course flash, not only in terms of number of events but also dramatic reduction in the actual circulation of our mainland's and as well as the work that we done across the disposition channel, so across Kate we seen very nice improvements in our gross margin and excited by what the future hold there as we head into a better inventory position in terms of quality of inventory in the second half and beyond and I will let Josh touch on that.
Josh Schulman: Hi there, in the Coach brand as expected and the North America outlet channel was more promotional in Q2 but far better than what we experienced in Q1 and I think you can see the results of that in the gross margin performance that the team was able to achieve in the second quarter.
Kevin Wills: Good morning Lindsay, this is Kevin, as it relates to your question on the '19 taxes. As you know there were a number of changes in the tax law and we outlined in the press release this morning those changes that we think would have the most material impact on the business.  We are currently in the process of working through all of those items, it’s fairly complex, we've done a lot of work but we will need until the end of this fiscal year to fully determine the final impact plus there may be additional regulatory guidance is issued on some of the tax law changes.  Having said that on a preliminary basis we would estimate their effective tax rate would go down by about 300 basis points versus what we would have expected so by way of example we originally guided fiscal year '18 effective tax rate in the 24 to 25 so you should think about fiscal year '19 maybe the 21 to 22% range. So about 300 basis points but again more work to come on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Altschwager of Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Nice to see the recovery in Coach comps this quarter, just wondering as you look at the first half and normalize for all the calendar shifts weather disruptions, inventory issues, what do you view as the underlying comp rate at the Coach brand. And then looking into the back half just given the favorable consumer backdrop and some of the reduced promotional intensity you talked about, is there an opportunity to perhaps accelerate the Coach comp from that normalized first half tram line.
Victor Luis: Sure, I'll let Josh answer that.
Josh Schulman: Good morning, you know as you look at Q1 and Q2 you know obviously we had a variety of impacts in Q1 and then a nice inflection points in Q2 but as you spread them out it’s really a low single digit trend that we're seeing in the Coach brand. As we look to Q3 and beyond we're confident in our assortments and we're confident in the strategies that we have to continue driving a low single digit trend in Coach comps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Simeon Siegel of Nomura.
Simeon Siegel: So, Victor when you think about the long-term profitability for Kate it’s obviously still early but you're already making operational improvements. Are there any structural differences you see between Kate and Coach that would keep them from reaching Coach EBIT margins over the long term and then just quickly, sorry if I missed the SG&A timing shift into the back half.
Victor Luis: I'll ask Kevin in a minute to talk about the SG&A timing shift but in terms of Kate's long term profitability, over the long term Simeon I don't see a reason why it could not be at Coach levels, obviously today with Kate Spade we have a business that is more North America centric, we have a business that's slightly heavier in ready to wear which is really structurally I would say some of the biggest differences but long term as we think about a handbag and accessories focused strategy, obviously global growth and a lot of the work that we are also doing across categories that Coach and Kate together we could see things normalizing to a similar level of profitability.
Kevin Wills: On the SG&A we did not give specific numbers but we would anticipate majority of that impact being in Q3.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Scott Krasik of Buckingham Research. 
Scott Krasik: Just a question on the footwear if you could you have it like for two collections now are in the process of the second collection. Just wondering what you have learned and how big we think that can be on a wholesale basis? And then what other types of brand should we index as to like whether Stuart Weitzman could be over a multiple number of years?
Victor Luis: I'm going to let Josh jump in here in a moment but as you suggest we are in the very early days learning a tremendous amount especially in terms of what is similar what is different amongst our portfolio of brands the largest of which you mentioned being Stuart Weitzman which is really a different business model given that it's fully or mostly manufactured in Spain where as Coach lumpy.  We have leveraged the lot of the lot of the fit technology of course across the Coach brand and now getting into what we could call the second inning of that rollout as I mentioned in my speakers note. So, I'll let Josh jump in, he is working very closely with the teams on the future strategy there.
Josh Schulman: As Victor said I think we took a very delivered approach with the launch of footwear and so for the first season it was really establishing the codes of the house. And what in internally made Coach shoe has in terms of make and look, and really launched with a couple of key categories. What's hitting the stores now using expanded assortment focused on the direct classification and focused on enhanced rollout of sneakers. We are just opening our wholesale market here in network for the next season. And you will see more merchandising there along the thing good better best lines that we have in bag and introduction of other Coach from bags including the introduction of signature, in footwear again different classifications including cold weather more sport functions et cetera.  The other thing we have been delivered on is the distribution strategy. We started off with a tight number of wholesale orders in North America, taking doors down significantly from where the licensee had it. And now we are adding regions too so we will be launching in Europe as well where the brands will be placed in Kurt Geiger which is one of the preeminent footwear multi brand retailers in the UK and all of the best distribution in Europe as well. So, we are playing a long game here but we are excited about the next steps.
Victor Luis: And for those of you who haven’t yet had the opportunity and love the footwear category and I know there is one or two of you out there please do visit Stuart Weitzman stores in the months ahead as Giovanni's collection hits because I think you will find a lot of wonderful emotional products.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A and we’ll now turn it over to Victor Luis for some concluding remarks.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea. As is our custom, I just want to thank all of you and just as importantly thank the 20,000 global employees who drive our performance and make what we just announced possible. Our teams are all focused on great execution, bringing innovation to market and ensuring that consumers continue to engage with our great brands and I certainly could not be more excited by the opportunity for our brands and for Tapestry, as we continue to evolve as a house of desirable brands with very dedicated and talented global teams. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-11-07 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Resnick - Global Head, IR and Corporate Communications Victor Luis - CEO Kevin Wills - CFO Josh Schulman - CEO and Brand President, Coach
Analysts: Bob Drbul - Guggenheim Securities Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer Oliver Chen - Cowen & Company Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Simeon Siegel - Nomura Omar Saad - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Tapestry’s Conference Call. All lines have been placed in a listen-only mode until the question-and answer-portion of the program. [Operator Instructions] Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Andrea Resnick, Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Andrea Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results and annual forecast are Victor Luis, Tapestry, Inc.’s Chief Executive Officer; and Kevin Wills, Tapestry CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon a number of important factors, including risks and uncertainties such as our ability to achieve intended benefits, cost savings and synergies from acquisitions; expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences, control costs, successfully execute our operational efficiency initiatives and growth strategies. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Please note that historical trends may not be indicative of future performance. Also, certain financial information and metrics that will be discussed today will be presented on a non-GAAP basis. These non-GAAP measures exclude certain items related to our operational efficiency plan and integration and acquisition related charges, as well as the impact of foreign currency fluctuations where noted. You may identify these non-GAAP measures by the terms non-GAAP or constant currency. The Company believes that presenting these non-GAAP measures is a useful way for investors and others to evaluate the Company’s ongoing operations and financial results against historical performance, and in a manner that is consistent with management’s evaluation of the business. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information or metric as well as a related reconciliation on our website, www.tapestry.com /investors, and then viewing the earnings release posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our first fiscal quarter 2018 results for our three brands. Kevin Wills will continue with details on financial and operational results, and our outlook for the balance of FY18. Following that we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Todd Kahn, President, Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary; and Josh Schulman, Chief Executive Officer and Brand President of Coach. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. We will then conclude with some brief summary remarks. I’d now like to introduce Victor Luis, Tapestry’s CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone to our first call as Tapestry. In changing our name, we’re establishing a strong and distinct corporate identity which enables our brands to express their individual personalities and unique language to consumers, therefore eliminating confusion between Coach, Inc. and the Coach brand. We searched for a name to reflect the shared values of optimism, innovation and inclusion that all three of our brands share, while also expressing the diversity of our people and our brands. Our new corporate identity embodies our creative, brand-led, and consumer-focused business, while also representing the heritage of our group. Now, turning to our results. As noted in our press release this morning, our first quarter performance was in line with our overall expectations, which as Kevin mentioned on our last call, would be impacted by calendar shifts and currency. Our results clearly reflected the benefits of our diversified multi-brand model, notably the contribution of Kate Spade to our consolidated results, and double-digit growth at Stuart Weitzman. While we were not satisfied with Coach’s global comp store sales performance, which was impacted by both, the expected calendar shifts and inventory mix challenges as well as the effects of the unanticipated natural disasters, we have returned to global and North America comp growth in the second quarter and our well-positioned for holiday. Importantly, we remain on track to achieve the annual guidance we set out for Tapestry in August. We have been especially pleased with the progress of the integration of Kate Spade, on to our operating platform. During the quarter, we took significant actions to position the brand for long-term success. We began to implement our strategic initiatives including the pull back on wholesale, disposition and flash sales, while taking substantial steps to unlock cost synergies. After only a few months post close of the Kate Spade acquisition, we are even more excited about the opportunities for the brand, both in terms of revenue growth driven by distribution expansion and productivity, and profitability improvements as we leverage our scale across our supply chain and corporate functions. We are also optimistic about growth opportunities as we leverage our global business development organization across all brands and geographies. Importantly, we now expect to achieve run rate synergies of approximately $100 million to $115 million in fiscal 2019 versus our previous guidance of $50 million. Today, the three brands of the Tapestry family are united in a common philosophy. First, driven by brand-led strategies that focus on the consumer and on an inclusive approach to luxury; second, a focus on innovation across product, marketing and experiences both in our stores and in our digital channels; and lastly, the objectives to drive sustainable revenue and earnings growth through strategies that are focused on long-term brand health. Our strategic priority is to achieve this balance by making the appropriate investments while carefully managing our distribution channels to optimize growth. As we look forward to the balance of FY18, our strategies of Tapestry are focused on creating and operating platform that powers our multi-brand company; writing the next chapter in the Coach story; building upon our history and heritage of craftsmanship and fashion relevance across product categories, channels and geographies; establishing a healthy foundation to support Kate Spade’s global growth; launching the new creative direction for Stuart Weitzman, while maintaining the brand’s leadership position in the fusion of fashion and fit; and driving innovation and ecommerce and digital marketing, as well as materials and supply chain while leveraging Tapestry’s scale across brands. Overall, we remain focused on creating desire for our brands in re-enforcing the emotional bonds with our customers across geographies. We are confident in the opportunities for Tapestry as a whole and for each of our brands individually within the attractive and growing $80 billion global market for premium handbags and accessories, footwear and outerwear. Moving to category trends and giving our new reporting structure. We are moving to a global category update. During the first quarter, we estimate that the men’s and women’s premium handbag and accessories market which is over $40 billion grew at high single digit rate globally, accelerating from the June quarter, driven by the strength of luxury logo products, proving that brands absolutely still matter. For perspective, we did still want to provide North America trends this quarter and we estimate that the men’s and women’s premium handbag and accessories market grew at a low single digit rate, also led by the outperformance of luxury brands, partially offset by continued negative trends in the U.S. department store space as some brands have pulled back from the channel. Now, turning to results by brand. I’d like to focus on first quarter performance and the holiday outlook for the Coach brand, where we remain focused on elevating brand perception, driving fashion relevance, and ensuring balance across our product offering in both price points and materials. Overall, for the first quarter, Coach sales declined 3% as reported and 2% in constant currency. The brand’s North America business declined modestly while the international business was flat on a reported basis and up slightly in constant currency, given the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar. The brand’s international constant currency sales growth was driven by increases in Europe, Greater China, and Japan. During the quarter, our global Coach comp declined 2% with our North America comp down similarly. Europe and Mainland China continued to generate positive comps while our overall comp store sales in Greater China were down as expected, given both the holiday shift and continued weakness in Hong Kong and Macau. The balance of our direct Asia business continued to be negatively impacted by the ongoing issues in Korea with both domestic macroeconomic malaise and weak tourist flows. As I mentioned, there were a number of both anticipated and unexpected impacts on global results during the quarter. These included the movement of the Mid-Autumn Festival which reduced Chinese tourist flows and their spend during the quarter and some inventory mix opportunities, stock-outs and storages of certain products, notably logo in the North America outlet channel. There were also the negative effects of hurricanes and typhoons in North America and Asia, respectively. In addition to direct impact on sales from these disasters, we also experienced disruption to our Jacksonville, Florida distribution center, both receiving shipment into the facility as well sending inventory out the stores. However, our rebound quarter-to-date underscores our confidence in Coach’s continued transformation and brand momentum as well as our ability to deliver a strong holiday season. Moving to wholesale. Our North America shipments grew during the quarter driven by footwear. As expected, our sales at POS declined due to the rap impact of spring 2017 door closures. However, we were pleased to have positive year-on-year performance in comp doors within our largest accounts. Our results are especially strong in those doors which have been renovated into the modern luxury concept. Our international wholesale business declined as expected, due in part to shipment timing with ships in both the fourth quarter of 2017 and the second quarter of fiscal 2018, while sales at POS rose, driven by door growth. Turning to Coach product performance and starting with retail. We continue to see strong consumer response to fashion innovation. Most exciting in the quarter was the launch of the Coach and Selena Gomez collaboration, a new collection designed in partnership with the multitalented actress and singer. This launch was supported by our fall advertising campaign, featuring Selena wearing the Selena Grace bag and Red which has virtually sold out across our network. What was a specially exciting was the increase in our North America retail customer database, in part reflecting our strategy to leverage the Selena collaboration to cut through to a broader audience. This was also evidenced in our brand tracking where among the broad premium market, women who believe wearing Coach handbags make them feel fashionable and put together, rose versus a year ago, while Coach also leads in being viewed as high quality. Importantly, among category drivers, perception of the brand’s ubiquity fell year-over-year. As we entered Q2, we launched Coach Create, globally, a platform for customers to customize her bags either online or in store. In 35 stores worldwide as well as online, we have the most complete expression of Coach Create which allows customers to customize bags with signature details such as embossed leather Tea Roses or Prairie Rivets. This customization is done in store while the customer shops. And in over 25% of our direct fleet worldwide, we now have standalone monogramming stations. We consider Coach Create to be the cornerstone of our co-creation strategy. And based on very strong early results, we will be expanding the most complete expression of the concept to more stores in the second half of the year. We continue to build our fashion authority at Coach. After winning the CFDA Accessory Designer of the Year Award earlier this year, Stuart Vevers recent spring fashion show in September was named one of the top 10 global fashion shows among all designer showing in New York, London, Milan or Paris by the industry publication Business of Fashion. The runway show featured a fresh take on Coach Signature, as we begin to capitalize on the logo trend sweeping the market in the months ahead. And just recently, Stuart has been nominated for that British Fashion Council’s Accessory Designer of the Year. For Q2, we have focused on cascading the level of innovation and fashion leadership, which Stuart Vevers brings to our most elevated runway collections across a pyramid of price, occasion and function in both 1941 and broader Coach assortments. The Selena Grace bag is a great example of innovation under $400. During Q1, we launched the new Coach women’s footwear assortment, both in our stores and in the wholesale channel, following the take back of our license at the end of FY17. We started with the focused and curated offering of about 100 for pre-fall with limited wholesale distribution of about 120 doors. We will build pre-spring and spring from 100 to about a 175 skews and look to grow distribution. Though early days, we look forward to the expansion of Coach footwear as Tapestry looks to play a leading role in the $28 billion and growing premium footwear market. Looking ahead to holiday, Coach takes an overtly festive approach with product and marketing. Specifically in retail, we will first offer a compelling holiday gift assortment with options across categories and price points in the wide selection of colors. Touches of playful prints and metallic are aimed at surprising and delighting customers; and second, continue to innovate leather craft, launching coating as a new technique. This novelty platform will be offered across collections and silhouettes from rogue to dinky, as well as in a full range of smaller leather goods, crafted in luxurious lightweight nappa leather. Beyond women’s leather goods, we expect growth in lifestyle categories during holiday driven by innovation in shearling, varsity trenches and apparel as well as footwear, notably sneakers and booties. In men’s, we’re excited about growth in travel, outerwear and belts. Supporting our retail product initiatives, our holiday marketing will focus on compelling, product-driven concept and storytelling. We will also significantly increase our focus into digital, maximizing investments with 4 billion impressions targeted globally. And we will of course be using Selena to amplify our gifting message and our holiday campaign and including a personal appearance that our Regent Street store in London. Moving to Coach brand outlet and starting with Q1. This fall, we delivered Coach Varsity, inspired from our fall runway collection and just in time for back-to-school shopping. This collection included on trend varsity jackets, patches and our first full personalization assortment in outlet. In addition, we continued to drive growth in the lifestyle and men’s categories. As discussed earlier, due to strong performance in Q4 and heightened demand for logo, we entered FY18, chasing some of our top women’s bags and core leather styles and colors in the specialty and logo platforms. As we exited our first quarter, we were able to rebuild our inventory position in these key items and are seeing a positive impacts to handbag performance quarter-to-date. Now, looking to our second quarter in outlet. As we move into our biggest season of the year, we are excited to launch our full holiday expression two weeks earlier than last year with the clear 360-degree message across product, stores and marketing. This year’s holiday collection is all about metallic, sparkle and great gifting options across all price points from glitter wristlets to shearling outerwear. Starting in November, we launch a jewel toned metallic palette and leather goods with elevated hardware details. As we move further into the season, we launch our Black Friday and Cyber Monday exclusive product and deals across all categories. For December, we will drive excitement through an enhanced flow of newness offering a full assortment of product for both gift-giving and self purchase. So, in summary, on the Coach brand, as we look forward to holiday and beyond, we are well-positioned to drive positive comparable store sales driven by compelling products, a differentiated modern luxury store experience, and bold marketing campaigns across all of our channels and geographies. We are especially excited about our development in logo platforms across channels and the leverage that we expect to get form the Selena Gomez campaign in bringing these ideas to our core customers globally, given the current trend for highly differentiated logo product in the broader market. Moving to Kate Spade. Sales totaled $269 million for the post-acquisition period. Underlying comparable stores sales improved from previous quarters with bricks and mortar comps down 3% globally compared to 8% in the previous quarter, and total comp down about 9%, impacted by reduced promotional sales online. When looking at Kate Spade versus prior year for the full quarter including the stub period, sales declined about 4%, reflecting our strategic reduction of both wholesale disposition and flash or surprise sales. Highlights of the quarter were the strength of innovation and retail, the customer response to the make it mine customization program and the success of small wallets. We are especially excited about our trend in ready-to-wear and our testing a different visual merchandising approach. This test is focused on zoning retail stores by department rather than monthly introduction, allowing for an easier category shopping experience. These tests, which required minimal capital investment, are proving very productive and will be rolled out further in retail throughout the third quarter. In outlet, we saw improved results from higher inventory levels, notably in handbag sales with small leather goods and jewelry also performing well. In our U.S. brand tracking survey fielded in September, we saw Kate Spade momentum rise from the prior year among millennials, which represents about 60% of the brand’s customer base. In addition, among the broad premium market, we continue to see the brand resonance on the attributes of fashionable, feminine and fun. In fact, nearly 90% of women believe Kate Spade handbags are fashionable and are on trend, setting us up very well for the increased focus we shall be placing on core handbag innovation in the quarters ahead. Looking to holiday and beyond, our focus remains on delighting customers in a distinctly Kate Spade way, full of color and playful sophistication. For Q2, in retail stores, we will expand our customization program and support the expansion of the ready-to-wear visual merchandising tests. Most important, we are focused on a gifting assortment with the more democratic offer and balanced color palette. In outlet, we believe we have a real opportunity around our gifting capsule where we actually ran out of inventory by Black Friday last holiday as well as in bag packs and cross body silhouettes. As we said before, we know that Kate Spade is a strong, unique brand, bringing important brand attribute and customer diversification to the Tapestry portfolio. It is a brand with highly productive retail and outlet stores and a strong top tier department store presence in North America. Outside of the U.S., there is significant opportunity in Japan, the second largest handbag and accessory market in the world and where the brand already has a strong presence, but is still underpenetrated. We are also really pleased with the initial response to Kate Spade in the UK market and extremely excited about the long-term growth opportunities in China where our initial brand tracker shows promising consumer traction for the brand. Of course, we know that as we grow awareness for the brand in China, this will have a positive impact on important travel markets for the Chinese tourists including Europe, Japan and North America. As we look ahead for Kate Spade for the balance of fiscal year 2018, we have already begun to take steps to position the brand, building a foundation for solid and sustainable growth. We will continue to significantly curtail promotional impressions by reducing surprise sales and pulling back on wholesale disposition. It’s important to note that in the case of flash, we’re not only pulling back on the number events but also significantly reducing the circulation, no longer using flash sale events as a broad, widely advertised recruitment vehicle. We will also accelerate innovation in the core hand bad and accessory category, along with ready-to-wear and tech, leveraging the Tapestry platform, notably our supply chain and product development capabilities. Indeed, we’ve already made key decisions to reinforce Kate Spade’s leather goods design talent. We have begun to review the store fleet and leverage opportunities to maximize the brand’s global footprint. To this point, we opened five new stores in the first quarter and closed four. In addition to the winding down of Jack Spade, we continue to look for focus in our license portfolio while we put our energy and team’s efforts on the most significant women’s opportunities, handbags, ready-to-wear, tech and footwear, both domestically and internationally. And we will tailor the brand’s whimsical and fun marketing messages, ensuring that it resonates in all key global markets while remaining true to the brand’s unique personality. I have enjoyed immensely partnering with the terrific Kate Spade team as interim CEO as we continue to look to both capture synergies and more importantly, drive global resonance and growth. And finally, at Stuart Weitzman, we drove double-digit growth in the first quarter. Sales rose 10% driven by international wholesale shipment timing with more modest increases in the global, direct business, driven in turn by distribution growth and global ecommerce. New seasonal products and booties did very well in the quarter as did sneakers and our developing handbag offering. In October, we launched a dedicated customer analytics program for the Stuart Weitzman brand, which will enable greater business insights moving forward. One initial learning is that our U.S. direct millennial penetration though small is growing nicely, while seeing very exciting penetration of Asian, especially Mainland Chinese millennials across our business. We’re just beginning to leverage insights to help us recruit, retain and reactivate lapsed customers into the brand. We’re very much on track to drive double-digit growth for the year at Stuart Weitzman as we continue to evolve the brand identity across global markets but would expect second quarter results to be essentially even on a year-over-year basis, given the extremely difficult compare with last year’s second quarter, which benefited from shipment timing shift. We’re very excited to present Giovanni Morelli’s first footwear and handbag collections to the trade in the upcoming weeks. The Stuart Weitzman team is focused on innovation and capturing new occasions and wardrobing opportunities in footwear while building credibility in the leather goods category. We’re also looking at distribution opportunities globally, notably in the key Asian markets where we want to capitalize on the rapidly growing demand for the brand. You can also expect to see an evolved and exciting new store concept for Stuart Weitzman later this fiscal year with the renovation of our Rodeo Drive store in January. And of course, all of these programs will be supported by seasonal marketing campaigns, featuring a supermodel strategy, providing a platform to amplify the brand message in social media and attract an incremental millennial client. Now, I’ll turn it over to our CFO, Kevin Wills, for details on our first quarter financial results and guidance for fiscal 2018. Kevin?
Kevin Wills: Thanks, Victor, and good morning, everyone. Victor has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our first quarter results, as well as our outlook for fiscal year 2018. Before I begin, please note, the comments I’m about to make are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results, as well as a related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. In addition and as previously announced, beginning in fiscal 2018, we establish reportable segments per brand. Information under these new reportable segments including restated prior year results can be found in our earnings release as well as in the 8-K filed with the SEC today. Finally, fiscal 2018 first quarter performance includes the contribution of Kate Spade for the post-acquisition period of July 11, 2017 through the end of the fiscal quarter on September 30, 2017. Now, turning to the financial results for Tapestry. Net sales totaled $1.29 billion as compared to the $1.04 billion in the prior year, an increase of 24%, driven by the acquisition of Kate Spade and double-digit growth at Stuart Weitzman, partially offset by decline in Coach brand sales. On a constant currency basis, total sales increased to 25%. Coach net sales totaled $924 million as compared to 924950 million in the prior year, a decrease of 3%. On a constant currency basis, sales declined 2%. As Victor previously noted, sales during Q1 were negatively impacted by inventory challenges, calendar shifts and the impacts of the stronger U.S. dollars as well as the impact of natural disasters. Kate Spade net sales totaled $269 million for the post-acquisition period, reflecting in part the strategic pullback in wholesale disposition and online flash. Stuart Weitzman net sales totaled $96 million compared to $88 million reported in the same period of the prior year, an increase of 10% driven by growth in wholesale and an increase in total direct sales. Gross profit totaled $853 million while gross margin was 66.2% as compared to 68.9% in the prior year. The addition of Kate Spade pressured our overall gross margin by approximately 130 basis points, as expected, given lower margin profile for the Kate Spade brand. Gross margin for the Coach brand was 68.4% compared to gross margin of 69.8% in the prior year. The year-over-year decline in gross margin was larger than expected, driven by inventory mix challenges, notably in the North American outlet channel where there was pent-up demand for higher margins logo product which we were unable to satisfy. This decline was not fully offset by the benefit of lower product cost. We also experienced a negative 30 basis-point impact due to bringing the women’s footwear business in-house. In addition, currency pressured the brand’s gross margin rate by 70 basis points in the quarter. Kate Spade gross margin was 61.3%. This performance was above our expectations and prior year, benefiting in part from lower discount rates in the North American outlet channel. Gross margin for Stuart Weitzman was 58.1% as compared to 58.9% last year with the year-over-year decline being driven by negative currency impact and channel mix, given a higher penetration of the wholesale sales versus prior year. SG&A expenses totaled $684 million and represented 53% of sales as compared to 51.9% in a year ago period. The deleverage in SG&A was driven by the Coach brand where expenses increased slightly versus prior year on the lower level of sales as well as the additional of Kate Spade which had a higher SG&A rate in the quarter, as expected. Coach brand SG&A expenses totaled $434 million and represented 47% of sales compared to 45.4% in a year-ago quarter. The year-over-year increase in expenses was due in part to higher occupancy costs as well as increased depreciation. Kate Spade SG&A expenses were $143 million and represented 53.3% of sales. As previously noted, when looking at the Kate Spade results on a pro forma basis, we did not anniversary certain compensation benefits, as expected. Stuart Weitzman SG&A expenses were $47 million, an increase of 1% and represented 48.5% of sales as compared to 52.8% of sales in the prior year. In addition, please note that Tapestry’s total SG&A includes corporate costs, as outlined in our press release. Operating income for the quarter was $169 million, a decrease of 4% versus prior year, consistent with guidance, while operating margin was 13.1% versus 17% in last year’s first quarter. The addition of Kate Spade pressured our overall operating margin by 140 basis points, as expected. Operating income for Coach was $198 million, while operating margin was 21.5% versus 24.4% in the prior year. Operating income for Kate Spade totaled $22 million, while operating margin was 8%. And operating income for Stuart Weitzman was $9 million or 9.6% of sales versus 6% in the prior year. Net interest expense was $21 million in the quarter as compared to $6 million in the year-ago period. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher debt levels associated with the Kate Spade acquisition. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.3%, as compared to 26.3% in the prior year quarter. The adoption of the Accounting Standard Update, ASU 2016-09 for the accounting of employee share-based payments, favorably influenced our effective tax rate as certain tax impacts that were previously recorded to equity have now been included in income tax expense. This accounting change lowered the effective tax rate by approximately 5% in the first quarter. Our Q1 tax rate also benefited from the geographic mix of earnings. Net income for the quarter totaled $120 million as compared to $126 million in the prior year with earnings per diluted share of $0.42 versus $0.45. Importantly, we are pleased that Kate Spade was immediately accretive to our non-GAAP EPS. Now, moving to global distribution by brand. For the Coach brand, we closed two net locations globally finishing the quarter with 960 directly-operated locations worldwide. For Kate Spade, there were 276 directly-operated stores at quarter-end which represented one net opening since the close of the acquisition. And for Stuart Weitzman, we finished the quarter with 81, directly operating stores, no net change from year end. Turning to our balance sheet and cash flows. As you know, during the quarter, we completed the acquisition of Kate Spade for a purchase price of approximately $2.4 billion, which was funded through a combination of senior notes, bank term loans and cash on hand. At the end of fiscal first quarter, our cash and short-term investments were approximately $1.7 billion, as compared to $1.5 billion in the prior year. Our total borrowings outstanding were $2.7 billion which consisted of $1.6 billion of senior notes and $1.1 billion in terms loans versus $600 million in senior notes a year ago. Inventory levels at quarter-end were $853 million including approximately $283 million associated with Kate Spade compared to ending inventory of $547 million a year ago. As previously communicated, we expected a higher inventory to sales ratio than has been our recent history due to elevated inventory levels of Kate Spade. We will protect the Kate Spade brand but not moving excess inventory into the disposition market but rather by primarily flowing it into our own network into the second half of the year. Therefore, we expect our inventory to sales ratio to improve as we move to fiscal 2018. Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter was an out flow of $104 million, compared to an outflow of $38 million last year. During the quarter, we incurred cash outflows of approximately $95 million related to integration and acquisition activities. Our CapEx spending was $49 million in Q1 versus $68 million last year. Free cash flow in the quarter was an outflow of $153 million versus an outflow of $106 million in the same period last year, impacted as expected by the integration and acquisition related charges. Now turning to our capital allocation policy. Our long-term priorities remain unchanged. First, we will continue to invest in our brands in order to drive sustainable growth and value creation; secondly, we will seek strategic acquisitions looking for great brands with opportunities for expansion; and finally, returning capital to shareholders with a focus on dividends. Since outlining these priorities some years ago, our strong balance sheet has provided flexibility to invest in the Coach brand transformation; successfully acquire two great brands, Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade with only modest leverage, while continuing to return capital to shareholders. Moving forward, we remain committed to a conservative balance sheet management. To that end, we expect to reduce our outstanding borrowings to $1.9 billion by the end of fiscal 2018, with the repayment of $800 million six-month term loan with excess cash. In addition, based on free cash flow and cash on hand, we may elect to further reduce indebtedness prepaying long-term bank debt. At the same time, we’re maintaining our dividend at an annual rate of a $1.35 per share. Now, moving to our 2018 outlook. Throughout the fiscal year, we will naturally incur a number of integrations and one-time charges associated with Kate Spade acquisition. I will provide more details on these expected charges in a few moments but note that will be excluded from our non-GAAP results. Additionally, the Kate Spade guidance is provided subsequent to the deal close on July 11, 2017. Now, turning to our guidance on a non-GAAP basis. We expect total revenues for Tapestry in fiscal 2018 to increase about 30% versus fiscal 2017 to $5.8 billion to $5.9 billion with low single digit organic growth. This includes the expectation for low single digit Coach brand global comps and a low double digit increase in Stuart Weitzman brand sales. In addition, we expect the acquisition of Kate Spade to add over $1.2 billion in revenue. The Kate Spade revenue projection includes the impact of a planned strategic pullback in the wholesale disposition and online flash channels and assumes a high single digit decrease in comps for the fiscal year. In addition, we are projecting operating income growth of 22% to 25% versus fiscal 2017, driven by mid single digit organic growth, the acquisition of Kate Spade, and estimated synergies of $30 million to $35 million. These synergies are expected to offset in part the reduction in profitability from the strategic and deliberate pullback of Kate Spade wholesale disposition and online flash sales. Taken together, the Kate Spade business and resulting synergies are expected to add approximately 130 to $140 million to operating income. As Victor mentioned, after only a few months of owning Kate Spade, we are even more excited about the opportunities throughout synergies across the Tapestry platform. To that end, we now expect to achieve run rate synergies of $100 million to $115 million in fiscal 2019 versus our previous guidance of $50 million. Net interest expense is expected to be $80 million to $85 million for the year. The full year tax rate is projected to be about 25% to 26%, and we expect our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for year to be approximately 289 million. Overall, we are projecting earnings per diluted share for the year in the range of $2.35 to $2.40 and increase of about 10% to 12% including low to mid single digit accretion from the acquisition of Kate Spade. We also expect our CapEx to be approximately $325 million in fiscal year 2018. As previously noted, we naturally will be incurring a number of integration and one-time charges associated with the Kate Spade acquisition and integration. These charges include such items as transaction fees and integration costs, which include severance, store closure costs and inventory valuation adjustments. During the quarter, we incurred a $188 million of integration and acquisition related charges as follows: First, $40 million of acquisition and transaction fees. Second, $90 million of inventory adjustment charges relating to increased cost of goods sold due to the step-up in inventory values as part of purchase accounting and separately the establishment of a reserve for absolute inventory. The increase in cost of goods sold related to purchase accounting is a limited life expense and we expect such to be complete by the end of our second quarter. Third, $49 million of severance and equity vesting, the majority of which was pursuant to contractual commitments; and finally, $9 million of other integration related charges. For the full year, we currently anticipate pretax integration charges to be in the $230 million range. Importantly, we estimate that out of the $230 million of charges, approximately $130 million will be non-cash. Finally, we expect to incur approximately $10 million of operational efficiency charges. Finally, our fiscal year 2018 directly operating distribution plan by brand is unchanged. We continue to expect approximately 15 net closures globally for the Coach brand with net closures in North America and Japan partially offset by net openings in Europe and Mainland China. For Kate Spade, we continue to expect 20 to 25 net openings globally. As you know, these net openings will be partially offset by the reduction in online promotional flash sales and wholesale disposition sales, as we build the foundation for long-term brand health. And for Stuart Weitzman, we expect approximately five net openings in the fiscal 2018. It is important to note that due to the Kate Spade acquisition, we continue to expect significant variability between quarters throughout the year and across all financial metrics, based on the implementation of strategic initiatives, the realization of synergies, the variability in brand and channel mix, as well as currency. That said, we continue to expect to deliver double-digit operating income growth in quarters two, three and four. And while we continue to anticipate our earnings pattern to be uneven in fiscal 2018, we still expect to realize our annual EPS guidance, as previously mentioned. In closing, we will grow both our Coach and Stuart Weitzman brands in the year ahead while successfully integrating Kate Spade which we continue to expect to be accretive to our fiscal 2018 results. Overall, we remain very optimistic about global opportunities and we are committed to driving long-term sustainable growth across the Tapestry portfolio o brands. I’d now like to open it up to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities.
Bob Drbul: Can you hear me?
Victor Luis: Good morning. Yes, we can.
Bob Drbul: Okay, sorry. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the comp trends at Coach and Kate Spade in the first quarter. Specifically, what drove the negative comp at Coach? And for Kate, what drove the sequential improvement in store comp trends? Thank you.
Victor Luis: Sure. I’ll take the Kate side of it and then hand off to Josh for some texture on Coach. During the period that we owned Kate, as we expressed in our notes, we saw a decline of 9%, which was also including a 600 bps negative impact from global ecommerce, and that was driven, of course in part by our strategic decisions to pull back on the online promotional sales as we have discussed. The store comp, also as we expressed, went from a negative 8 the previous quarter to a negative 3, and that improvement was really driven by outlet, and we were really pleased with what we saw there as a sequential improvement at both reduced promotional levels and at higher gross margins, and really, thanks to just the right mix and better inventory all around. Handbag’s performing well, SLG’s performing, as well as jewelry. And I’ll pass on to Josh for Coach texture.
Josh Schulman: Good morning, Bob. If you remember, on our Q4 call, we had mentioned that Q1 would be pressured by a continued inventory mix issues, specifically at North America outlet where we have a lack of a high margin logo product to satisfy demand. In addition to that, we also expected the calendar shift of the Mid-Autumn Festival which moved from September last year to October this year. So, both of those were anticipated impacts to the quarter. However, what we did not anticipate were the additional impacts of the hurricanes in North America and the typhoons in Asia. And it’s important to note that in addition to the direct impact to sales, to stores in the hurricanes path, we also experienced disruption to our Jacksonville, Florida distribution center which services all of our North America business. And so that distribution center had trouble, both receiving merchandise from the port and then getting it out to the network of Coach stores across the country. We believe that if you -- with those factors weren’t in play, we estimate that our global comp would have been positive in the quarter. And as we turned the corner into Q2, we’re actually very pleased that we’ve had a rebound in our comps in Q2 and so that gives us continued confidence in our ability to deliver a strong holiday season.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Just a quick one on Coach and a quick follow-up on Kate, if I may. So, the Coach brand inventory issue that you guys called out for Q1, is that now totally behind us as we move into holiday? And then, just to finish that question up, how should we would be thinking about the Coach brand gross margin in Q2? And then, as a follow-up in terms of the Kate Spade trajectory, is there a reason we should assume that the Kate Spade top line, run rate should sequentially slow down before stabilizing later or is this kind of the run rate we should be thinking about?
Victor Luis: Sure. I will let Josh touch on the Coach inventory, Kevin on gross margin, and then I will take the Kate question.
Josh Schulman: Yes. As we look at what happened in Q1, we really had inefficient product mix in outlet in the quarter with the lack of this high margin logo product to satisfy customer demand. And at the same time, some of the best we took in outlet fashion, particularly nylon underperformed our expectation. And taken together, that resulted in an unfavorable promotional stance versus expectations. It’s important to note that as we turned the corner into Q2, our inventory is more balanced and we saw a rebound in our handbag sales.
Kevin Wills: Hey, good morning, Ike. It’s Kevin. As it relates to the gross margin rate, we do expect that Q1 will be our most challenging year-over-year comparison due to the inventory issues that we’ve just discussed. As we move into Q2, as Josh outlined, we feel we’re in a much better inventory position, and we should expect to see improved year-over-year sequential performance.
Victor Luis: And As it relates to Kate, Ike, we wouldn’t change the guidance that we’ve given there. I think you’re going to see a some variability, specifically as we continue the strategic pullback in the first quarter. Of course, we have the pullback much more present in the online channel than we did in the wholesale channel, given some of the commitments that we had there. So, as we go through quarters, 2, 3 and 4, you will continue to see us increase the pullback from those promotional channels and of course the resulting impact that we have. What is exciting is the underlying trends that we’re seeing in our brick and mortar channel. And again, as I mentioned that’s both driven by the good inventory mix that we had -- and I have to say, the one thing that for us as a team is really exciting as well is the ready-to-wear trends that we’re seeing in Kate Spade across both channels. And of course nothing more exciting than the synergies that we’re beginning to see and the increased amount that we’ve just communicated in the 100 to $115 million range.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: I wanted to focus a little bit about the logo trends you guys are building into. Can you just talk about how you’re planning to look at both, full price versus the outlet interpretation of that trend, any gross margin implications of this mix? And then, just as clarification on the North America quarter-to-date comp for the Coach brand being positive. Can you just talk about how the promotional calendar compared year-over-year? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Sure. Erinn, good morning. I’ll let Josh chime in on that.
Josh Schulman: Okay. Good morning. In terms of the logo trend, it’s really interesting because this is a trend that’s happening throughout the industry right now, in the most elevated brands. And it took us somewhat by surprise over the summer that the demand for the logo product exceeded our expectations in our outlet channel. Historically, as you know, this has been a very important part of the Coach brand identity and the Coach business over time. At one point, logo reached a 70% penetration of our retail sales globally and about 60% in our North America outlet stores. Over the past few years, our transformation plans were very focused on reducing some of the ubiquity around logo with the strategic decision not to feature logo in advertising campaigns. And therefore, we have this pull back, which has created pent-up demand as this logo trend comes back into fashion. So, what’s really interesting for us is we’re seeing demand in our outlet channel, but we’re also having requests for more logo product coming from our most elevated wholesale partners around the world, like the Bon Marché in Paris, Saks Fifth Avenue in New York. And so, when Stuart Vevers put it on the runway, it was a great moment for the brand because editors and customers around the world were very excited, which is fresh take and new approach to this iconic part of our brand. So, we are feeling pretty excited about the reintroduction of signature into our most elevated channels this brings.
Victor Luis: And Erinn, just on the gross margin. It is our highest item new product. So, obviously, we look to opportunity there. I think that’s a -- what I would also just add to Josh’s comments, of course is just how exciting it is for us, given the fact that this is our most brand and mostly highly differentiated platform. It’s exciting because it obviously reflects the importance that consumers are placing on brand.
Erinn Murphy: And then, just the North American comp quarter-to-date, just promotional calendar year-over-year?
Victor Luis: Yes. Our commercial calendar is largely similar year-over-year, quarter-to-date.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anna Andreeva with Oppenheimer.
Anna Andreeva: A couple of questions from us. Following up on the North America negative 2 comp, I guess was comp negative in both full price and outlets. And then secondly, gross margins for the Coach brand, are you guys still expecting flattish levels for the year, and if so, what would drive that improvement and should we expect gross margins up in each quarter for the remainder of the year? Thanks so much.
Victor Luis: Sure. I’ll let Kevin jump in on the gross margin question and then I believe your first question was -- if you could just repeat it one more time, Anna? 
Anna Andreeva: I guess, was North America comp a negative in both full price and in outlet?
Victor Luis: Comp by channel, got it. And I’ll let Josh chime in on that.
Kevin Wills: Good morning, Anna. On the Coach gross margin, we are still expecting to be flat to up modestly for the year. As it relates to the quarterly flows, we would expect relatively similar to up maybe a little in Q2 and Q3 with the bigger improvement occurring in Q4 due to the last year’s comp.
Josh Schulman: And in terms of the comp by channel, we don’t disaggregate the comp by channel.
Anna Andreeva: Okay, thanks. Best of luck, guys.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Anna.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our next question comes from Oliver Chen with Cowen & Company.
Oliver Chen: Hi, thank you. Victor, in the context of Tapestry at large, what are your thoughts regarding the 15 to 25-year old and how to cater to that customer and balance different needs? And also, as you think about data science and analytics and customer relationship management, what do you see as the opportunities to balance both art and science, and also achieve digital personalization and creativity kind of in the new world of retail?
Victor Luis: Sure. Great questions and I’ll also ask Josh to chime in because obviously we’re leading on some of those areas with the Coach brand. What I can share with you Oliver is that our strategy and data analytics team is chomping at the bit right now as we take the data from all three brands and bring it together. We have approximately $80 million U.S. households now in our database, over 120 million globally in our database and we’re beginning obviously to look at opportunities on how to take that information and leverage it effectively. Of course, look, in terms of the first side, first one of your questions as it relates to the 15 to 25-year old specifically, the younger consumer, and we’ve talked I think quite extensively about the opportunity that we have especially with the Kate Spade is, as we see through all of our analytics with their customers still approximately 60% millennial offering us a huge opportunity from learnings. What we see there of course is how well Kate Spade does in the few very specific categories with smaller bags, gifts and specialty tech playing a very significant role, both in the direct channels and I would also add even through some of the wholesale channels. We are gearing up as far as the third part of your question, Oliver, we’re spending a lot of time internally discussing about how we gear ourselves up from both the technical platform as well as from an innovation perspective through partnerships with other in collaborations with third parties to be much more active, not just here in the U.S. but globally. I think that we’re incredibly pleased with the performance that our China team has been, especially led us with, in the Coach brand. We have a leadership position both in senior level as well as in WeChat. I think the opportunity for us here is really still here in the U.S. and in Europe for us to truly turn our flagship, dotcom platform into a real force for the brand as well as through what we do through social media. But, I’ll let Josh chime in because he has been really focused with the team on what that next phase for the Coach brand will be which will lead for the entire group.
Josh Schulman: Yes.. There are two elements of your question that I will touch on. First, our team in China, as Victor mentioned, has really been a pioneer on WeChat, developing a We clientele platform which really allows one and one dialog between the store associates, the brand and the customer. And we’re just seeing terrific consumer engagement out of that. And well, WeChat isn’t the platform of choice outside of China, we’re seeing great learnings from that that can be exported to our other business units in North America and Europe. So that’s something on all of our minds. In terms of the millennial customer you talk about, with our engagements with Selena, one of the things that we have seen is the breadth of the age range of the customers that she is attracting. She is definitely bringing some of her core fans into our store that tend to a bit younger than our target customers. But, on the other hand, we’re also finding our core customers simply think about she looks beautiful and terrific in the Coach ads and they aspire to be a part of her world. So, we’re seeing traction across age groups.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Kevin, I was hoping to start with you, if you could, it’s great to hear the upgraded synergy targets. Could you give us a little more detail on the buckets of where you expect those synergies to come from and in what sort of inning you feel like you are in identifying synergies? So, do you feel like this is what we’re going to get or is there opportunity for more? And then just a quick maybe housekeeping question. As you talked about some of the factors that impacted the Coach comp in the quarter, excluding the lack of inventory, could you quantify how much the disruption, the natural disaster disruption and the holiday shifts hurt the comps, so we can maybe get to an underlying number?
Kevin Wills: Good morning, Lindsay. On the synergy detail, obviously, we have spent a significant amount of time over the last quarter, building our detailed synergy plans, and we’re pleased that we were able to up our fiscal year 2019 and run rate synergies to 4100 million to $115 million. I would tell you that the synergy work is ongoing. But, as you think about the 100, $115 million that’s probably going to be split fairly evenly between cost of goods sold and SG&A with the vast majority of that residing in the Kate brand. And as it relates what inning we’re in, it’s hard to tell. We’re continuing to do work on that; something is going to be an ongoing process to for as we move throughout the year. But, we’re pleased with the efforts and hopefully there will be more to come. But at this point in time, based on where we’re at, we’re not in a position to take the numbers above the 100 to 115.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Kevin, any more sort of detail beyond just cogs and SG&A on where the costs are coming from?
Kevin Wills: On the cogs side, obviously it’s the product, raw material costs, sourcing and manufacturing. So, it’s really a cost of board; there is also some shifting in production between countries. So, we’ve really tried to take a holistic look at the entire supply chain and drive synergies throughout the process. And on the SG&A side, again, really kind of cost of board there from this elimination of duplicative corporate costs to negotiating better things relative to insurance rates or things of that nature. So, again, trying to take a holistic look to leverage our corporate infrastructure. 
Victor Luis: Yes. I would just add Lindsay, I think that there is a lot of negations going on across the Company with a lot of our vendors and suppliers. On the cogs side, obviously, three things. You’ve got labor, you’ve got materials and then you’ve got the country shifts that are taking place as we leverage the Coach platform where we have well-established partnerships in lower cost areas.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Great. And then, just quantifying the comp impact?
Victor Luis: And then on the comp impact in terms of the inventory and national disaster shifts. We’ve communicated taking it together. We haven’t really broken it down.
Kevin Wills: Taken together, we’d be modestly positive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Simeon Siegel with Nomura.
Simeon Siegel: Victory, any color you could share on the distribution opportunities for Kate that you mentioned? And then, just nice adjusted gross margins for Kate. Any way to -- given that the outlets have been a source of pressure for them, can you talk to the opportunity you might see there? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Sure. First, on the distribution side. I think look, overwhelmingly, the number one opportunity is international. We see that in markets across Asia, obviously a very strong focus on Mainland China. We have a partner there. We’ve been in discussions with them now for a few months on what the future may look like there. And while we don’t have anything to announce today, we hope in the not too distant future to be able to share more. But very, very excited about Kate Spade in that market, both due to what we’re seeing in our tracker in that market in terms of how it’s resonating with the urban millennial consumer as well of course just given what we know about it and the tremendous opportunity that exists from a distribution perspective in the market where stores and malls, whether it would be department stores or shopping malls are already in waiting for a differentiated preposition like Kate. In terms of other opportunities from a distribution perspective, of course, there is Europe. And there we are pleased with initial signs in the UK and that’s our focus. Here in the U.S. as it relates to distribution, I think the opportunity is out there. As we know, Kate’s in less than approximately 70 doors today in the North American outlook channel. What we are seeing there of course is that as a brick and mortar channel, it’s holding up better from the traffic perspective than the full price channels. And as we’ve shown this first quarter with the right inventory mix and we give the team there a lot of credit because they’ve been working on that for a few months prior to the acquisition of the brand, getting themselves aligned with the right inventory mix to take care of that opportunity. And what we are exciting about is providing them with the more support in the core handbag development as we look to capture that. And of course, look, we are pulling back on the surprise as well as the disposition sales. And as we remove the more urban, I think much more transparent promotional part of the business, we know that we will continue to see opportunity in our brick and mortar channel.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our final question this morning will come from the line of Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: I wanted to ask a follow-up on the logo discussion you guys were having earlier. I really want to dive in there. How are you thinking about this logo trend? And as you work into it, are you approaching it differently than the last time around? Victor, I think in the past you had mentioned that sometimes logo becomes a big percentage of the business, it’s hard to differentiate the product between channels and obviously there might be a little bit of the ubiquity effect. But, I noticed you were also saying fashion forward designs are really working well. So, maybe explain how you combine those two dynamics in product line? Thank you.
Victor Luis: Sure. I’m going to just add a couple of things and then let Josh trump in because he is really working very closely with Stuart and the design team at Coach on that which lead and of course eventually we do see even some opportunity for the Kate Spade brand to benefit from that. They do have a couple of logo platforms in their archives, and we’re now exploring opportunities for that brand as well. I would just reiterate a little bit before handing over to Josh what he stated earlier, which is that at peak, this was its highest, 70% of our business. Logo is on the one hand the most differentiated platform that we have. It’s difficult to copy the signature platform, any other brand is there. So, it’s uniquely ours. The key is as you suggested, Omar, how we manage it carefully, how we differentiate across channels, how we obviously leverage fashion execution with the design team on the logo platform to make it relevant today and not just to bring it back like it was in the past. And I’m going to let Josh to jump in because he has been working very closely with Stuart on all of those areas.
Josh Schulman: This trend is an industry trend and it’s a very cyclical part of the business. So, every few years, there is a big cycle around logo. And for us, this is very powerful because we have the opportunity to harness this as such an important part of our heritage. And Stuart debuted on the runaway this season and he took a very fresh take on it. He re-colored the logo, did it in a new version of coated canvas, trimmed with the burnish leather. And that really sets the term for our most elevated assortment that is going to be embellished with different icons of the brand in the most elevated ways. And so, we’re really looking in the merchandising mix of how to build a pyramid of products, a good, better, best, and really at the top of the pyramid having a limited edition product that would be highly desirable. And what we have seen already is that some of the most influential fashion editors in the world including for instance the legendary Karen Raphael have already being going into the Coach archives to find logo product and so, it’s alongside the world class brands. So, we are very encouraged by the start, but we know this has to be carefully managed in the seasons ahead.
Omar Saad: I appreciate the information. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Omar.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you everybody. That will conclude our Q&A and we’ll now turn it over to Victor Luis for some concluding remarks.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea. As is our custom, I just want to close by thanking all of you for joining us and just as importantly thanking our 20,000-strong-team across the world in 25 markets for all of their hard work and dedication. Obviously, we couldn’t be more excited about the evolution of Coach, Inc. to Tapestry as we become a true house of brands, and support the vision of all of our leaders and creative teams across the brands as they bring those narratives to consumers. A lot of exciting activity, a tremendous innovation taking place, and we look forward to sharing that with all of you in the quarters ahead. So, please stay tuned. Thank you.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, that will conclude the Tapestry first quarter 2018 conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-08-15 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head, IR and Corporate Communications Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer Kevin Wills - Chief Financial Officer Todd Kahn - President and Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary Joshua Schulman - President and CEO, Coach Brand
Analysts: Christian Buss - Credit Suisse Bob Drbul - Guggenheim Securities Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Oliver Chen - Cowen & Company Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Mark Altschwager - Robert W. Baird Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Michael Binetti - UBS Paul Trussell - Deutsche Bank Simeon Siegel - Nomura
Operator: Good day, and welcome to this Coach Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Andrea Shaw Resnick. Please go ahead.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly and annual results are Victor Luis, Coach, Inc.'s Chief Executive Officer; and Kevin Wills, Coach's CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon a number of important factors, including risks and uncertainties such as our ability to achieve intended benefits, cost savings and synergies from the Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade acquisitions; expected economic trends and our ability to anticipate consumer preferences, control costs, successfully execute our transformation and operational efficiency initiatives and growth strategies. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Please note that historical trends may not be indicative of future performance. Also, certain financial information and metrics that will be discussed today will be presented on a non-GAAP basis. These non-GAAP measures exclude certain items related to our transformation plan, operational efficiency plan and Stuart Weitzman's acquisition-related charges and Kate Spade acquisition-related charges, as well as the impact of foreign currency fluctuations were noted The company's sales and earnings per diluted share comparison for fiscal 2016 have also been presented both including and excluding the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2016. You may identify these non-GAAP measures by the terms non-GAAP, constant currency or excluding the additional week. The company believes that presenting these non-GAAP measures is useful for investors and others in evaluating the company's ongoing operations and financial results against historical performance, and in a manner that is consistent with management's evaluation of the business. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information or metric as well as a related reconciliation on our website, www.coach.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release posted today. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our fourth fiscal quarter and full year 2017 results and will also discuss our progress and global initiatives across the market. Kevin Wills will continue to details of financial and operational results and our outlook for fiscal year 2018, following that we will hold the question-and-answer session where we will be joined Todd Kahn, President and Chief Administrative Officer and Secretary and Joshua Schulman, President and CEO of the Coach Brand. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 AM. We will then conclude with some brief summary remarks. I'd now like to introduce Victor Luis, Coach Inc’s CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, we are pleased with our solid fourth quarter performance in which we achieved positive North America Coach Brands comparable store sales growth for the fifth consecutive quarter and drove double-digit growth on a comparable weeks basis at Stuart Weitzman. These results capped an excellent year as we continue to make progress on our transformation plan, delivered strong Coach Brand International growth notably in Europe and Mainland China, while driving operating margin expansion and double-digit net income and EPS gains on a comparable 52 week basis. Importantly, the Coach Brand continues to gain fashion relevance, while our [audio break] with Selena Gomez brings our [audio break] and message to broader audiences. We were also very pleased with the overall contribution of Stuart Weitzman as we invested in the brand both to doors and most significantly in people. We now have the key leadership and design talent to drive long-term performance both in growing the global footwear category and in Stuart Weitzman’s nascent accessories business. And as you know, we also took a major step in our corporate transformation with the acquisition of Kate Spade & Company which closed in July, becoming the first New York based house of modern luxury lifestyle brands. Kate Spade brings a unique brand attitude and additional consumer segments to the Coach, Inc. portfolio. We expect that this acquisition will enhance our position in the attractive and growing 80 billion global premium handbag and accessories footwear and outerwear market. After the last three years of our transformation and acquisitions, the three brands of Coach, Inc. are today united in a common philosophy, first, driven by brand led strategies that focus on the consumer and on an inclusive approach to luxury; second, a focus on innovation across product, marketing and experiences both in our stores and in our digital channels. And lastly, the objective to drive sustainable revenue and earnings growth through strategies that are focused on long-term brand health. Our strategic priority is to achieve this balance by making the appropriate investments, while carefully managing our distribution channels to optimize growth. To this end, looking ahead to fiscal 2018, we will continue to drive innovation across all of our brands, focusing on creating long-term value for our customers and shareholders. Specifically our FY ‘18 strategies for our three brands are for the Coach Brand and under the leadership of CEO Josh Schulman, we will be writing the next chapter in Coach's transformation, as we focus on building emotional connections with the broader audience. I am especially excited that Josh also brings a new perspective to our coach.com business, refocusing on the brand’s digital opportunity globally, including how we can maximize the continuing shift to the online channel. While we have created a compelling vision of the Coach man and woman, the brand is still primarily focused on women’s leather goods. We have a significant opportunity to grow our business in lifestyle categories, notably in men’s through continued growth in bags and small other goods, as well as in our dual-gender offerings of footwear and outerwear. We are particularly excited to launch the new Coach women's footwear assortment both in our stores and in the wholesale channel, following the take back of our license at the end of FY ’17. Even within our core category of women's leather goods, we have the potential to fulfil many more of our customer’s functional and occasional needs across price points and attitudes. A key element of this strategy will be adding renewed excitement and diversification in our product offering notably in the $300 to $400 handbag price point in retail. We will also look to focus innovation in our customer experience by expanding our personalization and luxury leather services both across our store and e-commerce platforms. We believe that we have an opportunity to build a relationship focused sales culture, anchored by our modern luxury selling ceremony to deepen the bond between our associates and customers, ultimately driving frequency of purchase of brand loyalists and new customer acquisition. Of course, we still have room to grow the Coach brand geographically, notably in Europe which is largely untapped and in China which still has significant potential both from a domestic and travel retail perspective, as well as a new market such as Russia and India through distributor partners. And finally, in Coach Brand marketing we are particularly excited about our work with Selena Gomez with the fall campaign heading now and her namesake bag arriving in stores at the end of the month. Moving to Stuart Weitzman, we expected to drive double-digit growth as we evolve the brand identity across all consumer touch points under the leadership of CEO Wendy Kahn and Creative Director, Giovanni Morelli. This includes defining unique brand codes, differentiating the brand from the competitive set. Giovanni and the team are focused on launching the new creative direction for Stuart Weitzman, including Giovanni’s first footwear collection in April 2018 and a new handbag collection and for winter of 2018. These collections are about introducing innovation and capturing new occasions in wardrobing opportunities and footwear, while building credibility in the leather goods category. We are also looking at distribution opportunities globally, notably in the key Asian markets where the brand is rapidly growing in awareness [audio break] expect to see a new store concept for Stuart Weitzman later this year. And of course all of these programs will be supported by 360 degree marketing strategies to align global initiatives. And for Kate Spade, while early days we know we have a lot of work ahead to integrate our teams and processes at the corporate level. At the brand level, our focus remains on delighting customers in the distinctly Kate Spade way, full of color and playful sophistication. Since we announced a deal in May, I've enjoyed getting to know more about the Kate Spade brand, team and culture. We are excited that Kate has significant opportunity for global growth across channels and geographies, while ensuring that we take the right brand enhancing actions early on to manage discount impressions in the market. What we know today is that Kate Spade is a strong unique brand with leadership and the attributes of fashionable, fun and feminine bringing, important attitude and customer diversification to the Coach portfolio. Our research has shown very little overlap between our three brands with Kate having the most traction with millennials. It is a brand with highly productive retail and outlet stores and a strong top tier department store presence in North America. Outside of the US, there is significant opportunity in Japan, the second largest handbag and accessory market in the world and where the brand already has a strong presence, but it's still under penetrated. We're also really pleased with the initial response to Kate Spade in the UK market and excited about the long-term growth opportunities in China, where our initial brand tracker shows promise and consumer traction for the brand. As we look ahead for Kate Spade in FY ’18, we are taking several steps to position the brand, building a foundation for solid and sustainable growth and taking a page or two from Coach's own playbook. We were significantly curtail promotional impressions by reducing surprise sales and pulling back on wholesale disposition. We will also accelerate innovation in the core handbag and accessories categories, along with ready-to-wear and tech leveraging the Coach Inc. supply chain and product development capabilities. We will review the store fleet and leverage opportunities to maximize the brand's global footprint, notably in the outlet channel where the brand is under penetrated. We will wind down Jack Spade brand, refocus the license portfolio and concentrate on the most significant women's opportunities, women's handbags, ready-to-wear, tech accessories and footwear, both domestically and internationally. And we will tailor the brands whimsical and fun marketing messages ensuring that it resonates in all key global markets. I am excited to partner with the terrific Kate Spade team as Interim CEO, as we look to both capture synergies and more importantly drive global resonance and growth. Now as has been our practice, I'd like to share some of the actions we've taken to drive Coach Brand performance. Starting with product, where I am pleased and proud to say that Coach has been recognized as a house of modern fashion design with Stuart Vevers winning the CFDA Accessories Designer of the year award in June. In retail, [Technical Difficulty] continued to block brand elevation increasing the penetration of 1941, as well as innovation across price points and attitude. In Q4, outlet delivered our largest brand collaboration to date with Mickey [ph] arriving in mid-May at twice the size of our successful Peanuts collaboration. On stores, in the fourth quarter we’ve continued to establish our modern luxury concept globally ending the year with just over 720 locations in the new format across all channels and in line with our target. Consistent with the plan, these renovations have been driving comps, which exceed the balance of the fleet in the vast majority of stores around the world. As you know, one of our key strategic initiatives during a FY ‘17 was elevating the Coach Brand in North America wholesale channel. We've added new locations in top tier specialty stores, while also rationalizing our overall department store distribution, taking our door count down by about 25% to just over 750 at year end. In addition, we reduced promotional events in the channel with our days on sale down by over 35% for the year. On the marketing front, Selena Gomez's first global handbag advertising campaign for the Coach Brand hit in July and will run through this fall/winter followed by a second campaign in spring summer 2018. Following a global PR burst around Selena and Coach in late June, our multi-touch point media and owned channel marketing launched on July 6th, focused on driving awareness engagement and recruitment. Through the end of July, we achieved 2.5 billion impressions, an uptick in recruitment across social channels and a significant increase in North America web traffic. As a result of all these efforts, we are seeing continued progress with consumers, importantly in our quarterly US new brand tracking surveys fielded in June, we saw strength for the Coach brand with a broad premium market across key emotional and functional attributes. While this comp perceptions, an important measure of brand health declined versus prior year once again this quarter. In addition, among category drivers, Coach's perception of having high quality handbags increased. Moving forward with the addition of Kate Spade we will have much more to share with you as a house of brands. Turning now to a discussion of category trends. As we look ahead to FY ’18, we expect that the channel, consumer and macro dynamics that exist today affecting the category in specific and consumer spending in general will persist. Channel shifts continued to impact traffic. The macroeconomic environment is uncertain. Currency cross-winds are affecting tourist flows and geopolitical events are negatively impacting sentiment. As a result, visibility into category growth is limited as the landscape continues to rapidly shift. Overall, we estimate that the North America premium women's and men's handbag and accessories market was essentially flat in the June quarter and for the year, which we believe has continued to be impacted by negative trends seen in the US department store space, as brands, including our own have pulled back from the channel. As in FY ’16, we saw men’s grow faster than women’s in North America. Globally, the premium handbag and accessory category accelerated in FY ’17, both on the US dollar and local currency basis, up mid single digits. While Kevin will provide additional details on sales and distribution by geography, we wanted to touch on some current trends and strategies by market. All the compares are against last year's 13 week period, thereby excluding the 14th or 53rd week. Starting with North America. As you read in our release for the quarter our total Coach Brand sales rose 4%, including the negative impact of our deliberate department store pullback. While our direct business rose 5% on a dollar basis and 6% in constant currency, over [Technical Difficulty] over 4% in the quarter. Higher conversion drove the overall comp with in-store traffic trends significantly improving from third quarter, reflecting the Easter shift though still slightly negative. Most importantly in the fourth quarter we comped the comp, given that the fourth quarter of FY ‘16 was the first positive quarterly comp we achieved post the implementation of our transformation plan. Finally, our business with international tourists in North American stores was slightly lower during Q4, negatively impacted by under a point with declines in Chinese tourist traffic once again mostly offset by other nationalities, notably Japanese and Korean visitors. Now turning to our retail performance and the metrics we traditionally share on product. The above $400 price bracket rose and penetration, saw another positive comp on sales and unit basis and represented over 45% of handbag sales, up from about 40% in last years fourth quarter. We also experienced strength in small bags and accessories, driven by cross-parties, clutches and wristlets, which offer a high level of versatility and functionality at compelling price points. The four, our below $300 penetration was similar to prior year with the biggest shift out of the $300 to $400 handbag price bracket of focused innovation in the quarters ahead. Men's was very strong in the fourth quarter at almost 20% of total Coach Brand sales. For the fiscal year, at POS our men’s sales totalled over $840 million and we now believe men's is well over a $1 billion opportunity for the Coach Brand. To this end, I am very pleased to welcome Cristiano Cathy [ph] previously President of Jack Spade to the Coach brand as SVP, Head of Men's. In this newly created role, he will be responsible for men’s global merchandising and bringing together the teams from design, product development, wholesale sales and marketing to amplify our investment in this tremendous business opportunity. As we look ahead to fall to Coach Brand, in retail our goal is to continue to elevate and differentiate the brand by offering innovation and emotion through our product assortment, marketing and in-store experience. We will expand 1941 Rogue family through introduction of additional size offerings and further refresh our leather craft assortment across price points and functions. Looking ahead to fall in outlet, we are excited to launch Coach Vivo [ph] City just in time for back-to-school shopping. Overall for FY ‘18 in outlet, while we continue to update and elevate our leather goods assortment with new silhouettes every season, we are excited to grow our women's and men's lifestyle categories with more frequent deliveries of ready-to-wear newness and an expanded footwear collection. And in men’s, we plan on continued growth through expansion across all categories, capitalizing on the strong momentum from our men's growth seen in FY ’17. Most generally and across all channels globally, we are very excited about the introduction of Coach own branded women's footwear after taking back the license at the end of FY ‘17. For perspective, the global women's and men's premium footwear market is approximately $28 billion and growing with women's representing about two thirds of the total. We are starting with a focused and curated offering of about 100 skews for pre-fall with limited wholesale distribution of about 120 wholesale doors. We are building into pre-spring and spring for about 100 to about 175 skews with a more dressy assortment and look to grow distribution from there. We will be using key Coach codes, such as Shadow Elks [ph] Shearling, Charms, metal Horse and Carriage branding. In addition, we will incorporate proprietary craftsmanship details such as the Tea Rose and Studding, which we’ve become known for and building on styles and classifications where we already have seen some traction. We are focused on three key areas, introducing proprietary design elements, establishing brand codes in the category and perfecting fit and comfort by leveraging learning’s from Stuart Weitzman. And now moving on to international. In the fourth quarter international Coach Brand sales rose 6% on a reported basis and 9$ on a constant currency basis benefiting from wholesale shipment timing as projected. For the year, Coach Brand international sales increased 3% in dollars and 2% in constant currency. Greater China sales increased 3% versus prior year in dollars and 7% in constant currency on a 13 week basis, driven by double-digit growth and positive comparable store sales on the Mainland offset in part by softness in Hong Kong and Macau. For the year, Greater China sales were about even with prior year in dollars, while sales rose 5% on a constant currency basis in 2017. Importantly and despite a rapidly evolving retail landscape, we remain optimistic on the prospects [Technical Difficulty] as the drivers we have consistently mentioned remain relevant and our China team continues to do an excellent job of building our brand equity in that market. In Japan sales declined 3% in dollars and approximately 1% in constant currency in the fourth quarter. For the year, sales increased 4% in dollars and decreased 2% on a constant currency basis impacted by a decline in Chinese tourists spend lapping last year's dramatic increase, as well as an overall decrease in square footage as we optimized our retail footprint. In our other directly operated Asian markets outside of China and Japan, mainly South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia sales decreased mid-single digits in dollars and declined similarly in constant currency for both quarter in the year, due primarily to weakness in Korea where macro-economic and geo-political headwinds continued to pressure spending from domestic consumers and tourists. In Europe, we experienced a strong increase in sales during 4Q ‘17 driven by double-digit growth in directly operated channels and benefiting from planned shift in wholesale shipment timing as previously announced. For the year, sales rose approximately 15% in dollars and 20% in constant currency. Finally, I would point out that we're continuing to see volatile results in our international wholesale business, which increased on a net sales basis in the quarter due to shipment timing as expected while POS sales declined. For the year, net sales increased modestly and sales at POS decreased as weaker tourist location results offset domestic growth. In closing, we are encouraged with the momentum of our business and proud of the progress we've made along our transformation journey elevating the perception of Coach Brand globally. Of course, we're also very pleased with the integration and performance of Stuart Weitzman as we strengthened the leadership team and positioned the company for long-term growth across geographies and categories. And for Kate Spade, we look forward to unlocking the brand's potential and updating you on our progress in the quarters ahead. Now I'll turn it over to our CFO Kevin Wills for details on our financial results and guidance for fiscal 2018. Kevin?
Kevin Wills: Thanks, Victor. Victor has just taken you through the highlighting strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our fourth quarter results, as well as our outlook for fiscal year 2018. Please note the comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results, corresponding GAAP results, as well as a related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. Now turning to the details and focusing on Coach Inc. Net sales totalled $1.13 billion for the fourth fiscal quarter, as compared to $1.15 billion in the prior year, excluding the additional week included in fiscal 2016 results, net sales increased 6% on a reported basis and 7% on a constant currency basis. For the year, net sales totalled $4.4 9 billion even with the prior year, excluding the additional week included in fiscal 2016 results, net sales increased 2% on both a reported and constant currency basis. As planned, the company's strategic decision to elevate the Coach Brand’s positioning in the North American wholesale channel through a reduction in promotional events and/or closures negatively impacted sales growth by approximately 60 basis points and 150 basis points in the fourth quarter in fiscal year 2017 respectively. Gross profit in fourth quarter totalled [Technical Difficulty] while the gross margin rate for the quarter was 66.8% compared to 67.8% last year. As expected, we experienced a year-over-year decline in gross margin in the quarter, specifically channel mix which was a benefit in the first nine months of the year negatively impacted gross margin in the quarter. In addition, as we're now anniversary lower product cost this benefit did not fully offset the ongoing negative impact resulting from promotional activity, notably the North America outlet channel, where the environment remains very competitive. Coach Inc. gross profit for the year totalled .$3.08 billion, while gross margin was 68.7% compared to 68% in the prior year. SG&A expenses totalled $577 million in Q4 or 50.9% of sales, as compared to 52.7% in the year ago period. For the year, SG&A expenses were $2.27 billion and represented 50.6% of sales as compared to 50.7% a year ago. As noted in our press release, SG&A expense for both Q4 and full year 2017 included $20 million in non-cash charges relating to the impairment of select stores and a negotiated reduction in a prior purchase commitment for certain store fixtures that we deem no longer appropriate.  Operating income for the quarter was $180 million, while operating margin was 15.8%, including approximately 180 basis points of non-cash impairment charges as been previously. This compared to operating margin of 15.1% in last year's fourth quarter. For the year operating income was $813 million, while operating margin was 18.1%, including 50 basis points in non-cash impairment charges versus 17.3%a year ago. Net interest expense was $4 million in the quarter, as compared to $7 million in the year ago period. Net interest expense was $19 million in fiscal year ’17, as compared to $27 million in fiscal year ‘16. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 19.2%, as compared to 24.7% in the prior year quarter. For the year, effective tax rate was 23.2% versus 26.4% in fiscal 2016. Our tax rate will vary throughout the year given the diversity of our sales base and resolution of various tax issues. To this end, our fourth quarter tax rate benefited from the geographic mix of earnings. Net income for the quarter totalled $142 million compared to $126 million a year ago with earnings per diluted share $0.50. Net income for the year totalled $609 million compared to $552 million last year with earnings per diluted share of $2.15. Excluding the additional week in fiscal 2016, earnings per diluted share increased 32% and 13% for the quarter and full year respectively. Now moving to global distribution of the brand. For the Coach Brand we opened seven net locations globally in fourth quarter and eight net locations during the year, finishing fiscal year ‘17 with 962 directly-operated locations worldwide. Overall and consistent with plan, our global Coach Brand directly-operated square footage rose low-single-digits in fiscal year ‘17, with North America square footage down slightly versus the prior year with net store closures in both retail and outlet offset by higher single-digit square footage increase in international, led by growth in Europe and Mainland China. For Stuart Weitzman, consistent with our plan, we closed one location in the fourth quarter , while opened up six net locations for year, ending fiscal year ‘17 with 81 directly-operated stores globally. Now turning to our cash flows. Net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter was $324 million, compared to $249 million last year. Free cash flow in the quarter was an inflow of $233 million versus $129 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $91 million versus $120 million. For the full fiscal year 2017, net cash from operating activities was $854 million compared to $759 million a year ago. Free cash flow in fiscal ‘17 was an inflow of $571 million versus $362 million in fiscal year ’16. CapEx spending totalled $283 million for the year compared to total CapEx of $396 million in fiscal year ’16, which included $146 million associated with our new corporate headquarters build out. In addition, through fiscal 2017 as previously announced we received $680 million in net proceeds associated with a sale leaseback of Hudson Yards building, as well as approximately $125 million which relates to the sale of our previous headquarters building. Inventory levels at quarterly end were $470 million compared to $459 million a year, an increase of 2%. At the end of the fiscal year, cash and short term investments were $3.1 billion, as compared to $1.3 billion a year ago. The year-over-year increase was due to a net cash flow generated during the year and the issuance of approximately $1 billion of senior unsecured notes in June as part of financing for Kate Spade acquisition. Our total borrowings outstanding at year end was $1.6 billion, consisting of senior unsecured notes, as compared to approximately $900 million a year ago. Subsequent to the close of the fiscal year, we borrowed $1.1 billion in term loans, which combined with cash on hand allowed us to fully fund the acquisition of Kate Spade, which closed on July 11th. Now turning to our capital allocation policy. Our long-term priorities remain unchanged. First, we will continue to invest in our brands in order to drive sustainable growth and value creation. Secondly, we will seek strategic acquisitions looking for great brands with opportunities for expansion. And finally, returning capital to shareholders with a focus on dividends. Since outlined on these priorities some years ago, our strong balance sheet has provided flexibility to invest in the Coach Brand transformation, successfully acquire two great brands in Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade with modest leverage, while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. Moving forward, we remain committed to a conservative balance sheet management. To that end, we expect to reduce outstanding borrowings to $1.9 billion by the end of fiscal 208, with a repayment of $800 million six-month term loan with excess cash. At the same time, we’re maintaining our dividend at an annual rate of a $1.35. Now turning to fiscal 2018. As we look to fiscal 2018 it will clearly be a year of change as we integrate the Kate Spade business. One of those changes will be our reportable segments. Given the acquisitions Kate Spade and move to brand president reporting structure, we are shifting to reportable segments by brand. This is consistent with how we have organized the company and how we will operate our business. With this change beginning in fiscal 2018, we plan to drive global brand comps. In addition, given the significant evolution of the company from a mono-brand specialty retailer when we announced our transformation plan in 2014 to a house of brands today, the guidance provided over three years ago is no longer applicable to current business and structure. Going forward, we will provide annual guidance during our fourth quarter earnings call for the year ahead. As always, we remain committed to transparency and providing you with information to track our progress against our plans. During fiscal 2018, we will naturally incur a number of integration and one-time charges associated with Kate Spade acquisition. I will provide more details on these expected charges in a few moments. But note, that these charges will be excluded from our non-GAAP results. Additionally, the Kate Spade results will be included in the Coach Inc. results starting on July the day subsequent to closing. Now turning to our outlook on a non-GAAP basis. We expect total revenues for Coach Inc. in fiscal 2018 to increase about 30% versus fiscal 2017 to $5.8 billion to 5.9 billion with low single digit organic growth. This includes the expectation for low single digit Coach Brand global comps and a low double-digit increases Stuart Weitzman brand sales. In addition, we expect the acquisition of Kate Spade to add over $1.2 billion in revenue. The Kate Spade revenue projection includes the impact of a planned strategic pullback in the wholesale disposition and online flash channels and assumes a high single digit decrease in comps for the fiscal year. In addition, we are projecting operating income growth of 22% to 25% versus fiscal 2017 driven by mid single digit organic growth, the acquisition of Kate Spade and estimated synergies of $30 million to $35 million. These synergies are expected to offset in part the reduction in profitability from the strategic and deliberate pullback of the Kate Spade wholesale disposition and online flash sales channels. Taken together, the Kate Spade business and resulting synergies are expected to add approximately $130 million $140 million to operating income. We have owned Kate Spade for just over a month and have been working diligently to identify synergy opportunities. To-date, we are very pleased with our findings as we expects to realize approximately $30 million to $35 million of fiscal year ‘18 synergies, which annualized to run rate synergies of approximately $50 million. This compares with their original expectation of annualized run rate synergies of $50 million by the third year post the acquisition. Much work remains on synergy front and we look forward to updating you on our longer term opportunities in the quarters ahead. Interest expense is expected to be about $90 million for the year. The full year fiscal 2018 tax rate is projected at about 25% to 26%. As noted in our press release, in fiscal year ‘18 the company is adopting Accounting Standard Update, ASU 2016-09 for accounting of employee share-based payments. This will influence our effective tax rate as certain tax impacts that were previously recorded to equity will now be included in income tax expense. Further, .because the tax impacts are defined by the company’s stock price, Restricted Stock Units or RSUs and Performance Restricted Stock Units or PRSUs vesting and when employees exercise their stock options, the timing and amount of the impact cannot be estimated and are therefore excluded from this guidance. That said, the majority of RSUs and PRSUs vest in the first quarter of the fiscal year and accordingly it is likely that first quarter fiscal rate could be most impacted. We expect our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year to be approximately 289 million. Overall, we are projecting earnings per diluted share for the year in the range of $2.35 to $2.40, an increase of about 10% to 12%, including low-to-mid single-digit accretion from the acquisition of Kate Spade consistent with our previously communicated forecast. We also expect our CapEx for Coach Inc. to be approximately $325 million in fiscal ’18. As previously noted, we will be incurring a number of integration and one-time charges associated with Kate Spade acquisition and integration. These charges will include such items as transaction fees and integration costs, which includes severance, store closure cost and inventory valuation adjustments. We expect $40 million to $45 million related to acquisition transaction this estimate for integration charges remains working process at this time and we can’t anticipates pretax charges to be in $150 million $200 million range in fiscal 2018, with approximately $35 million being non-cash. Additionally, we expect to incur approximate $10 million in operational efficiency charges. Now turn to our debt and capital structure. Post the Kate Spade acquisition, our total debt was approximately $2.7 billion. As previously noted we intend to repay our $800 million six-month term loan with cash on hand and end 2018 with $1.9 billion of debt. We remain committed to a conservative capital structure and moderate leverage and based on free cash flow and cash on hand we may elect to further reduce indebtedness by prepaying long-term bank debt. Finally, our fiscal year ‘18 directly operated distribution plan by brand is as follows. We expect 15 net closures globally for Coach Brand with net closures in North America and Japan, partially offset by net openings in Europe and Mainland China. We expect approximately five net Stuart Weitzman openings in fiscal year ’18, and for Kate Spade we expect 20 to 25 net openings globally and across channels with majority of new door growth coming in the outlet channel. As you know, these net openings were partially offset the reduction in online [ph] flash and wholesale disposition as we build the foundation for long-term brand health. It is important to note that due to the Kate Spade acquisition, we expects significant variability between quarters throughout the year and across all financial metrics based on the implementation of strategic initiatives and realization of synergies, as well as the variability in brand and channel mix, as well as currency. Taken together, we expect these factors to have the most significant negative impact on firs quarter, resulting in mid-to-high single-digit declines in operating income versus fiscal 2017. We expect to deliver double-digit operating income growth in quarters two, three and four, pattern to be uneven in fiscal 2018, we expect to realize annual operating income growth of 22% to 25% as previously mentioned. Similarly, we would expect a higher inventory to sales ratio that has been our recent history due to elevated inventory levels at Kate Spade. We will protect the brand by not moving excess inventory into the disposition market but rather primarily flow into our own network into the second half of the year. Therefore, we would expect inventory to sales ratio to improve as we move through fiscal 2018. In closing, we will grow both our Coach and Stuart Weitzman brands in the year ahead, while successfully integrating Kate Spade, which we expect o be accretive to our fiscal 2018 results. Overall, we remain optimistic about global opportunities and we are committed to driving long-term sustainable growth across our portfolio of our brands. I’d now like to open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss: Yes. Thank you very much. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your expectations for Kate Spade in international markets in the near term. How much are you willing to push that business going forward?
Victor Luis: Thank you, Christian. We're very excited about Kate Spade brand and its international opportunity. Look, just comparing with Coach Inc. where we are in the four key global markets, first and foremost of course, there's tremendous opportunities still here in the U.S. We got a brand that basically is in a 178 locations relative to our 400 as you heard, on our speakers notes we definitely see opportunity to manage the outlet channel more proactively here in North America. So that's one. And then is the three key international markets, Japan, China and Europe, we see tremendous opportunity. The brand is more mature in the Japanese market where there are 88 locations, relative to where Coach is for example with a 180, 184-5 locations, we definitely see an opportunity in that market and then in Europe and in China we’re especially excited because we're in our infancy in Europe. There are seven locations, Kate's doing really well in the U.K where it just getting its footing if you will with the first seven locations in UK and Ireland and then one location, six in the U.K. and Ireland, one location in Paris, but especially excited by the initial results there. And then in China, we are today in approximately with a distributor partner at 33 locations relative to 175 to 180 for the Coach Brand. And we see an opportunity of course to grow our awareness in all of these markets, as an example here in the U.S. Kate’s unaided awareness is 31% relative to Coach’s 71% and in Japan which is the second largest market in the world for us and indeed for Kate and for the category, Kate’s awareness is 15% unaided relative to Coach’s 51%. So we're very focused on the international opportunity. And I think you'll hear a lot about that in the quarters ahead.
Christian Buss: Great. Thank you very much and best of luck.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities.
Bob Drbul: Hi, good morning. I guess the question is, could you elaborate a little bit more on the traffic results you know, for the Coach business, both full line and outlet and how the quarter progressed and how do you see the fall progression?
Victor Luis: Sure. I'll let Josh jump in. I'll take that question. Overall Bob we've been seeing very consistent traffic trends over the last few quarters. More or less, I would say in the negative single digits range. Obviously we've been driving the business through conversion, great product and pretty consistent across both channels with maybe the full price store suffering a little bit more from the traffic perspective than the outlet channel.
Bob Drbul: Great. Thanks very much.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: Great, thanks. Good morning. I was hoping you could unpack a little bit more about the reversal of gross margin in the fourth quarter. I think you highlighted channel mix and then you talked about [indiscernible] outlet. Could you just speak a little bit more about - what how much those impacted the margin in the quarter? And then was there any impact from the [indiscernible] license take back in Q4, is that going weigh on gross margins in fiscal ’18? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Sure. And I'll let Kevin take that.
Kevin Wills: Good morning, Erinn. Few components I guess on the gross margin change, as we said on our Q3 call in May we didn't expect the fourth quarter gross margin to contract given that we began anniversarying some of the product cost benefits that drove the gross margin expansion in quarter one and three. We did achieve some cost reductions in Q4, but at a lower level as compared to the prior quarters and it was not sufficient enough to offset the promotional activity which basically stayed approximately same as in prior quarters. We also had expected to reduce the outlet promotion based on some innovations in product that we had put in the channel, however due to [audio break] products not fully resonating what consumers expected we did not [indiscernible] the promotions as planned. We also felt like that we missed a little bit on logo product and as we observed during the fourth quarter a broad emerging trend towards more logo products, which were going to be getting into as we move into the second quarter of this year. And as you noted, we did have some FX impact in channel mix and what we're seeing in the gross margin on [indiscernible] also note that as we move into fiscal ‘18 we do expect a year-over-year decrease in margin rate with more pressure in the first half with a significant majority of this year-over-year decline being attributable to Kate Spade business which runs at a lower gross margin rate. As it relates to the [indiscernible] question that will be a negative impact to the gross margin rate as we move into ’18 as we come in earlier. That was a last year’s business previously that was effectively 100% [audio break] about a little bit of headwinds as we move into fiscal ’18, but we certainly think it’s the right strategic long-term decision for us.
Erinn Murphy: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess Kevin just was wondering if you could give just a little bit more color on the Q1 op income decline you talked about just what exactly the drivers are that are negatively impacting you so much to start the year. And then just you talked about Kate Spade comps and high single digits for the year. Again, just any color you know first half versus back half, should we expect that to be much worse than high single digits to start and then Easter at the year. Just any color would be really helpful?
Victor Luis: Sure. I’ll let Kevin speak to the first quarter, I can then – I’ll take the comp question on Kate.
Kevin Wills: Sure. Morning, Ike. There is a number of factors that are weighing in on the first quarter and I'll kind of try to unpack those for you. First on the sales, we do have some calendar shifts in the first quarter where we see some sales probably going to be moving from Q1 into Q2. We also expect probably some more FX headwinds on both sales and margin in the first quarter. Also keep in mind as we said earlier, we did not own the Kate Spade business until July 12th. So there's about $33 million to $35 million thereabouts of sales that occurs on the July period that we do not get credit for prior to us acquiring them. On the gross margin side, we do expect some continued pressure into the – in the first quarter, although at a lesser degree than we experienced in the fourth quarter and as I said earlier, as we moved into the second quarter we believe we're going to be in a better inventory position to be able capitalize on some emerging trends. And then on – thinking about from a pro-forma from the Kate Spade perspective, again we're going to see some pressure there from a gross margin.  On SG&A side we got some puts and takes there. But as the top line we see a little bit of pressure creating some difficulty on the leverage perspective and I would also note that if you’re thinking about it on a pro forma basis with Kate [indiscernible] they did have some good news in their last year September quarter ended relative to [reverse in] [ph] incentive compensation benefits that they had been accruing for in their first half. So we're up against that. And then finally I would note that you know, you add all that together we're not expecting a meaningful operating profit contribution from Kate in Q1 due to the actions that we’re taking combined with the fact that their fiscal – our fiscal Q1 has not traditionally been a large profit contribution from the Kate business.
Victor Luis: And then Ike in relation to comp and its progress throughout the year as you know in the speaker's notes and it's been very much something that we've talked about since we announced the acquisition was our desire to managing drive the brand for long term health and growth. We are taking two very important decisions towards that end which is reducing a lot of the promotional impression that we believe are more harmful to long-term brand health, specifically through the online price or flash sales, as well as through the more urban discount or wholesale disposition d channel, specifically of course we pull back on the surprise business will have a negative impact of course on comp throughout the year given that currently there brick and mortar comp has been consistent with the first quarter in their second quarter on what is now of course - with our fourth quarter. And I would say around negative 8 you would assume that the pullback in online will mean that brick and mortar comp will improve as the year progresses. That is our plan today.
Ike Boruchow: Got it. Thank you.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Oliver Chen with Cowen & Company.
Oliver Chen: Hi, thank you. Good morning. Our question was about your comments related to coach.com and your digital priorities. Just curious about what you're focused on in terms of stores and mobile and web site integration and also how you'll continue to stand your own in the face of Amazon making so many competitive strides as it relates to retail in general. And our second question was just about synergies with Kate Spade. What's the framework for easier to achieve synergies versus longer term synergies. And it looks like you had a nice findings initially, just what drove some of the differences in terms of what you've been seeing very recently since you've had Kate Spade for just a month? Thank you.
Victor Luis: Sure. First I’ll Josh talk a little bit about his views and strategies on the web. We're very excited about his passion and experience there. And then I will jump in with Kevin on everything related to - everything related to synergies and cost.
Joshua Schulman: Good morning. This is Josh. So as Victor said I am passionate about really building the coach.com business both from a business perspective and as a global digital flagship. We see opportunities to immediately impact the business by evolving our targeting strategies and the way we look at the spend allocated for performance marketing. And then as we revision coach.com as the global digital flagship really looking at it regionally on global basis and seeing how we can tie that more mystically into the omni channel experience that our customer has. From a product point of view online too, we have an opportunity to distinguish the channel and leverage an exclusivity message that can tie into some content creation, as well as amplifying the volume at some lower price point as well. In terms of Amazon, for the time being we don't see that as a true luxury play and where many of our core competitors play and we're more excited about engaging directly with our customers through our own digital channels and those of our premium wholesale customers.
Victor Luis: [Technical Difficulty] ability to get procurement savings. So those are in a more easier buckets, if you think about more the longer term, that's generally in the systems area, as well as the cost of good sold. So it takes longer to affect changes there. But overall we feel good about the process is underway. We feel good about the teamwork across the organization, as I noted earlier we will be updating you in each quarter earnings call.
Oliver Chen: Okay. Thank you. Best Regards.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Oliver.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Anna Andreeva with Oppenheimer.
Anna Andreeva: Great, thanks. Good morning, everyone. We had a follow up on gross margin, what's the negative impact we should expect from Kate for the year and should we that expect underlying codes gross margin up for ‘18. And then looking out, Coach Brands operating margins just under 19% this year, you had previously talked about reaching low 20s. Maybe talk about the puts and takes for ’18 and beyond?
Victor Luis: Yeah, several questions there. First on the gross margin, the negative impact I think on a consolidated basis for Kate, did I get that right?
Anna Andreeva: Yes.
Victor Luis: I think we've not given you know, specific gross margin rate, but it will be you know, call it to probably in the $170 million to $200 million, 200 basis points range for the year. As I said earlier it will be uneven by quarter as we you know, do some of the actions that you would expect it to have that kind of level - of profit is lower than traditional legacy code just to our business. And the other question I know was the gross margin for the year in the Coach Brands. Again, we've not given specific, but you should think about the Coach Brand you know, legacy businesses having modest gross margin expansion for the year. And then…
Anna Andreeva: Thank you. That's helpful. 
Victor Luis: Okay. Anything else?
Anna Andreeva: The operating margins, maybe talk about reaching the low 20s and the puts and takes there for the Coach Brands? Thanks so much.
Victor Luis: What we said earlier the operating guidance that we have previously provided is no longer operable as we've moved to a house of brand and we will be providing annual operating guidance fourth quarter each year, as we’re looking at it on a total business…
Anna Andreeva: Got it. Okay, got it. Thanks so much. And best of luck.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann with Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Hey. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to ask about the comment on Kate and the outlet stores. Could you talk about first of all the split of where you expect to be opening outlook store, maybe even just a little more detail on the overall Kate store expectation for next year? Where and what kind of stores or though, are those. And second you know, as you think about the potential competition with Coach Brand in outlet stores with more competition from Kate and maybe customers cross shopping you know, how you plan to mitigate any potential pressure on the legacy Coach Brand business? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Hi, Lindsay. I’ll take the first - the second half of your question first in terms of potential competition or overlap, I couldn't be more excited with the results that we just got. In fact, no more than a month ago in post-purchase and combining our data basis, as you know we have a very large Coach data base, we actually combined Coach Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade data basis and did a little bit of cross shopping analysis and the result came back at less than 10% and that was slightly above 10% between Stuart Weitzman and Kate, which was really the highest cross over that we saw and was just about 10. So very exciting news. And I think speaks to our initial views and assumptions going into this, which is of course like riding an incremental business given the very unique brand attitude that Kate has, a much stronger leaning in towards a millennial consumer at over 60% which compares to basically just over 30% for the Coach Brand and a very differentiated brand attitude and positioning globally not just here in the U.S. although nascent in international markets. In terms of – so in conclusion, we're not worried at all about the crossover or competition that you look. In terms of – and we see ourselves obviously growing our total market share with a combined house of brands. In terms of distribution, very excited about the opportunities globally, as I talked to earlier, I believe it was the first question in terms of just the number of opportunities ahead of us, both in the digital and brick and mortar perspective. I think on the outlet side, the opportunities are really two. One is definitely distribution, the outlet channel provides great opportunity for those more value conscious consumers that we see globally and visit and probably off the brick and mortar channels, so ones that we're still seeing developments in rather global aggressive pace compared to full price. And then second is the opportunity for just us to support that team. There's a great insight, but we believe we can support them in managing it much more efficiently and better. But at of course through innovation and product and hand-bags, leveraging our supply, increasing and improving quality and gross margin overall, all opportunities are ahead of in differentiating between the channels as well. So exciting, we're still very much ahead of us on that front. We look forward to keeping you updated on it.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Great. And then just – outlet opening U.S. versus Japan or overall store openings, the net store openings where we should expect that to be for Kate?
Victor Luis: I think you’ll see it globally. We're still very much in the process of obviously look, we’ve owned the business for a month. We have plans to really drive the business globally. We’re still in the process of negotiating with our partners and landlord partners globally. I think you'll see some growth in our opening of - here in the U.S., as well as internationally with a focus especially on Japan and China. Of course, China remains a business which is a joint venture with a third party distributor, but we will certainly fill you in on that and we’re very excited about the opportunity across all markets.
Lindsay Drucker Mann: Thank you.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Robert W. Baird.
Mark Altschwager: Good morning and thanks for all the details today. Just wanted to follow up regarding the new reporting. I think you mentioned plans for low single digit percent increase in Coach brand global comps. Can you just give us a sense of how the comp growth has been tracking in the international segment just to add some context to that guide? And then just directionally in North America how are you thinking about the comp growth in fiscal ‘18 versus fiscal ‘17 for Coach Brand? Thank you.
Victor Luis: Yeah. On the international question, we have not provided comps on that and on the North America we have historically - we said going forward don’t provide global comps and as know indicated we're expecting actually low single digit growth in the Coach Brand thus likely.
Mark Altschwager: Thanks.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: Thanks for taking my question. I thought you made some interesting comments around the outlet consumer’s response to some of the new products going through there. The fact that maybe you had to be a little bit more promotional than you expected and I think you also made some comments around logo not having enough logo product you know, where do you see that cycle shifting, back and forth. Help us understand what's going on in that channel because the products seems so much better? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Omar. Very good question. I'll let Josh jump in on that.
Joshua Schulman: Good morning. One of my early observations was really how this team has driven the outlet channel through innovation and how and how that's been resonating with our customers these past few quarters. I think what we saw different at the end of Q4 was that there was a resurgence in demand for some of our local product that has traditionally occupied a higher margin within our mix. And so we have a higher turn on the logo product in the fourth quarter and we're actually working part now to position ourselves to be in business in that product. And my observation that is somewhat related to the overall logo trend, but I also see it as a terrific time for the brand health that this heritage product that is so iconic to Coach is seeing resurgence demand wherever we have it.
Omar Saad: Got it. Do you think it's a little bit of a trend, logos and also just a reflection of the b brand health and the demand for it?
Joshua Schulman: Yeah, we see it as positive and we're actively chasing now and we anticipate to be in a more complete stock position for Q2.
Omar Saad: Thanks very much…
Victor Luis: Omar, I would just add, and I think you'll see us to developing into that cross-channel go forward which is an exciting for. It really is.
Operator: Our next question…
Victor Luis: Yes, yes for price [ph].
Omar Saad: Thank you. Best of luck.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti: Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions here. I just want to clarify one thing on the guidance really quickly. Jim Lehrer [ph] consolidation it sounds like it's contributing to the gross margin guidance that you talked about for the year. Is there any way you can help us to nationalize what that adds to revenue or either line for the year, EBITDA line?
Kevin Wills: Michael, it’s Kevin, now to be clear it's a negative to the gross margin rate for the year. The last one business effectively 100% margin now we take it in-house and obviously is less than 100% because you've got a cost. So it's actually a modest headwind on the gross margin rate for the year and overall it would be you know, small dollars in the big picture. So it's not a material impact, but it's you know modestly we're very slightly negative for the year we’re taking back.
Michael Binetti: Okay. It does contribute to upside of the revenue line, I just want to make sure is that right?
Kevin Wills: We've not disclosed that, but again it's a very tiny number in relation next year…
Victor Luis: Yeah, Michael as you heard in my speakers notes, we're really taking a very deliberate approach to the stock here in year one, we’ve got a business that we starting with about skews, that compares to anywhere in north to 5, 600 skews under Jim Log [ph] We're starting with about 120 wholesale doors which from a department store or department store channel and wholesale for example we compare to 5to 600 dollars under Jim Log, if we were to include the disposition channel they were over thousands of door. So we're really starting with a very I would say a very focused and deliberate launch, but very excited about the opportunity long-term given the fact that it's a $28 million dollar opportunity for us and it's growing. And of course we’re leveraging a lot of that now specifically around fit that we're getting from [indiscernible] team.
Michael Binetti: Okay. And then – most of my other questions have answered, but curious if you could give us little language on a promotional environment. I know you have some competitors that are planning to close doors or may start closing doors, maybe you could talk about what you're seeing in some of the local markets as that happens and I feel about market share opportunity as you look ahead and obviously you'll be calling back and wanting your other brands, Kate Spade, how you think about the Coach market share opportunity into those competitive dynamics?
Victor Luis: Sure. We don't see - look, overall I would say that we don't see dramatic shifts across channels from a promotional perspective. Of course, the department store channel has specifically seen the most substantial pullback across France and there the impact of Kate Spade is truly minimal. Now one of the most positive surprises for us actually we knew this through our diligence prior to the acquisition has been just how clean that brand has been and how well it's been managed from a promotional perspective, as it relates to the department store channel. And so we're excited about that. There's not much cleaning to do in there. As it relates to the online channel again, we see most of the impact from our own actions and what we see from Kate Spade has been very difficult to read in terms of impact across brands or cross-channel. For us this is really not as much about reducing it to gain market share in one channel or another. But really about managing brand power for the long-term, that's the strategy, that's what we're focused on. And so doing of course allow for a much more sustainable growth both top and bottom line for our brands.
Michael Binetti: Okay. Thanks a lot. Best of luck.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Trussell with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Trussell: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. You certainly touched on this already. But maybe just a little bit more detail on the comp, especially in North America, you obviously comped the comp which was impressive this quarter. Maybe just elaborate on your confidence to be able to continue to do so over the coming quarters? And you know the particular factors and drivers that you're most excited about.
Victor Luis: Yeah, I would say, look, we don’t add anything to what Josh had share with you which is obviously incredibly pleased with the fact that consecutive comp here in North America are very focused on continuing to drive engagement across channels, of course on brick and mortar full price outlet and digital channel and you'll see of course as Josh mentioned digital continues to be increasingly important for him and for the brands under his leadership. And globally, I wouldn’t add anything to what we've just guided, which of course is the low single digit cost of the brand across markets which we're excited about. So my brand is increasingly global as you know with growth coming especially out of Europe and China which has been appealing for a few quarters and of course in China for few years. That we’re continues to be very excited about.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Operator, we’ll take one last question.
Operator: Our final question this morning will come from the line of Simeon Siegel with Nomura.
Simeon Siegel: Anything you can elaborate on your comment to refocus Kate's licensing. I believe they license a broader assortment of products, so how un-flexibility do you have there. And then the that comment pertained to geographic JV in Asia as well? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Yes. The licenses are part - the discussion about licenses approximate licenses not distribution based licenses. As I mentioned we do have a JV with China that of course we will be focusing on, and it relates to the products based licenses, there is no intent to spend anything early. A lot of these licenses do have short times. So we will be re-evaluating them on a case by case basis. I think our objective is just truly focus on the core fashion category and especially in certain home licenses, but you will you will definitely see us reduce the number and average power and much more fully within the handbag in accessories business where we believe the greatest opportunity lies.
Simeon Siegel: Great, thanks. Just a random question if can, when you talk about the promotional levels of outlet, do you find you are impacted by promotional levels across all our outlet retailers or its specifically promotional levels of your peers?
Victor Luis: I would say in general when we talk about promotion levels, of course were most focused on what is happening I would say in the premium brands space and those domestic and European players that are closest to us across the distribution channels, whether that be with specialty of course in wholesale and in the out of the channel, which of course by nature is a promotional channel.
Simeon Siegel: Great. Thanks a lot guys. Best of the luck to the year.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you. Back over to Victor for some brief concluding remarks, Victor?
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea, Just want to close by first and foremost welcoming the Kate Spade team, I know there is quite of those folks listening in and walking down to the Coach Inc. family. We’re incredibly excited to have them as a part of the team and very much looking forward to supporting them in their growth as a brand not only here in the U.S., but globally. Also want to thank and congratulate the Coach Inc and teams on a fantastic fiscal year ’17, as we continue to drive results and our brand transformation and as the Stuart Weitzman team moves under the direction of Wendy and Giovanni Morelli in this new chapter, as well. Obviously could not be more excited about our revolution corporately as a house of brands and bringing our vision to markets across the globe and looking forward to continuing to connect with all of you as we share the work that we're doing not only in our into adding our brands, but of course integrating the Kate Spade brand in the quarters ahead. Thank you all.
Operator: This does conclude the Coach earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation in today's call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a wonderful afternoon.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-05-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc. Victor Luis - Coach, Inc. Kevin G. Wills - Coach, Inc. Andre Cohen - Coach, Inc.
Analysts: Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC David A. Schick - Consumer Edge Research LLC Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Mark R. Altschwager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC Adrienne Yih - Wolfe Research LLC Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to this Coach Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Coach's Chief Executive Officer; and Kevin Wills, Coach's CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Actual results could differ in a material manner. Additional information about risks and other important factors that could cause results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also, certain financial information will be presented on a non-GAAP basis. These non-GAAP measures exclude certain items related to our transformation plan, operational efficiency plan, and Stuart Weitzman acquisition-related charges as well as the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, where noted. You may identify these non-GAAP measures by the terms non-GAAP and constant currency. You may find the corresponding GAAP measures as well as the related reconciliation on our website, www.coach.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release posted today. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our third fiscal quarter 2017 results and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives across markets. Kevin Wills will continue with details on financial and operational results for the quarter and our outlook for the business for the balance of the year. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Andre Cohen, President, North America. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 AM. We will then conclude with some brief summary remarks. I'd now like to introduce Victor Luis, Coach's CEO.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. Our solid performance this quarter was very much in line with our expectations and continued to reflect our strategic initiatives. In a volatile and complex global environment, we delivered continued positive comp store sales for the Coach brand in North America and gross margin expansion in each segment, while tightly controlling costs. We continue to drive growth in our directly-operated Europe and Mainland China businesses, which represent the most significant geographic opportunities for our brands. And, despite our deliberate pullback in North America wholesale channel and the impact of calendar shifts, we delivered earnings growth. At Stuart Weitzman, we're executing on our plan, driving global awareness and brand relevance, and gaining traction with the millennial consumer. The response to spring newness has been particularly strong, and we continue to expect sales to increase at a double-digit pace for both the fourth quarter and the year. We're also making key brand investments in management, creative talent, and infrastructure to support long-term, multi-category growth. To this end, we're especially excited about the arrival of Giovanni Morelli, who joins the brand this week as Creative Director. In addition, we announced a new leadership structure and strengthened our Coach brand team during the quarter, a critical step in Coach, Inc.'s evolution as a customer-focused, multi-brand organization. I'm particularly excited about the addition of Josh Schulman, who'll join us next month in the newly created role of Coach Brand President and CEO, as well as the elevation of the Ian Bickley to a new Coach, Inc. position as President of Global Business Development and Strategic Alliances spanning all businesses and brands. Separately, Andre Cohen will be leaving Coach at the end of June to return home to Asia with his family. Andre has been a great partner to me and a strong leader of our businesses in Asia and North America. I deeply appreciate his friendship and contributions over the last nine years, but naturally, we respect his family's decision to return home to Singapore. Now as has been our practice since we implemented our transformation strategy almost three years ago, I'd like to share some of the actions we've taken to drive performance across the three Coach brand pillars of product, stores, and marketing. Starting with product, where Coach has emerged as a house of modern fashion design. In retail, we continue to successfully expand our assortment of 1941 handbags, complemented by a broader offering of 1941 wallets and small leather goods, driving brand elevation and innovation across categories. We built upon leather craft through expanding our Tea Rose platform in impactful new color combinations in fashion embellishments like studs, fringe, and florals. We saw very strong customer appetite for the neon pink and black Tea Rose combination which performed well for this season. We also re-launched the Edie shoulder bag with functionality enhancements along with the new larger size, the Edie 42. In outlet, we followed up our exclusive holiday collection with new limited edition assortments for spring, inspired by our own rich brand heritage. We introduced the New York City Stories collection, featuring the City's skyline that inspires our team every day along with other playful and emotional New York City icons. This was followed by our Bonnie Cashin collection, featuring Coach's first Creative Director whose influence can still be seen in our brand today. Finally, we launched our floral collection inspired by our own 1941 collection with prints seen in our very first runway show at New York Fashion Week in September of 2015 and introduced last spring in retail. These playful patterns were featured on our best-selling leather goods along with our new petal shoulder bag and were extended throughout our dual-gender lifestyle categories, including ready-to-wear and footwear. The Coach outlet take on spring featured a whimsical floral message that leveraged our runway assets to great success and executions that were understandable and very appealing to the broader outlet consumer. On stores, we're continuing to establish our modern luxury concept globally, renovating and opening 50 locations during the quarter, including 17 in our directly-operated North America business, taking us to nearly 600 modern luxury locations globally across all channels. This is in line with our target to end the year with over 700 doors in the new format, representing the vast majority of our traffic. Consistent with the plan, these renovations have been driving comps which exceed the balance of the fleet in the vast majority of stores around the world. Of course, as we've said before, the in-store experience is a key component of our brand elevation strategy, which is based upon: first, differentiating the Coach experience through leather and craftsmanship; and secondly, developing personalized clienteling and customer events. I am delighted that our Mystery Shopper Scores, our key metrics that demonstrate how well we deliver our unique modern luxury experience, were up again in the third quarter at over 85% as compared to about 75% in last year's third quarter. In addition, it's great to see how clients are responding to our new leather services such as monogramming and leather conditioning, with new services such as unique emoji stamps and a customizable bag program being introduced throughout the year. Across the global fleet, there were 28 Craftsmanship Bars installed at the end of the third quarter and we expect to add about seven more by the end of the fiscal year. And our Made to Order Rogue custom bag service has been a resounding success at our Fifth Avenue Coach House. Also, after a successful Q2 North American rollout of Coach Journey, our innovative and interactive service training program, we expanded it in Q3 to include all our directly-operated stores in Japan, Hong Kong, Singapore, Taiwan, Malaysia, and South Korea, and are implementing it in China. We remain very excited about our global flagship focus. We view these stores as important retail and marketing investments for the Coach brand. Early in the quarter, we opened the Kuala Lumpur Pavilion flagship in Malaysia and opened our first flagship in Milan, Italy, during February Fashion Week, which was followed by our flagship in Florence, Italy. As noted, when we entered the fiscal year, one of our key strategic initiatives is elevating the Coach brand in North America wholesale channel. To this end, we've renovated 60 doors to-date and have continued to see positive results from our Shop Manager program. Importantly, through 1941, we've added new locations in top-tier specialty stores in North America and globally. At the same time, we have also rationalized our overall North America department store distribution, taking our door countdown by about 25% or by over 250 locations, as well as reducing promotional events in the channel. As you know, in the fall, we closed the first group of these locations, about 120, while the number of days on sale in department stores were reduced by about 40%. We closed the net of more than 140 during the third quarter and expect another few to be closed in the fourth quarter, while spring season to-date, February and March, our days on promotion, are down 35%. On the marketing front, for the first time at New York Fashion Week in February, we held a dual-gender runway show to significant critical acclaim. To this end, we were thrilled when Coach Creative Director, Stuart Vevers, was awarded the distinguished honor of 2017 Designer of the Year by the American Apparel & Footwear Association at the American Image Awards last week, and are equally excited that in his first year of eligibility, Stuart has been nominated for the CFDA Accessory Designer of the Year. As you know, we recently began working with Selena Gomez, the new face of Coach. The reaction on social media was instantaneous and electric, with her first two posts for Coach getting very high engagement, garnering nearly 5 million and 6 million likes, respectively, on Instagram. Our first events with Selena were in tandem with Step Up, an organization supported by our Coach Foundation focused on empowering young women from underserved communities and encouraging them to dream big. These events drove 1.7 billion impressions globally. She has also collaborated with Stuart on a custom handbag, which will be in our retail stores and select department locations globally later this fall. Most importantly, our first global handbag advertising campaign with Selena will hit in July and run through this fall/winter and will be followed by a second campaign in spring/summer 2018. As a result of these efforts, we are seeing continued progress with consumers. Importantly, in our North America quarterly brand tracking survey fielded in March, we saw strength with the broad premium market across key emotional and functional attributes, while discount perceptions, an important measure of brand health, declined once again this quarter. So as our plans unfold and the momentum continues to build, we are delighted with the progress and proud of all that our team has accomplished to drive Coach's transformation. The Coach brand is very much on its way to evolving from a specialty retailer and accessories brand to a true house of fashion design, defining modern luxury. We are excited to see our creative vision and direction gain traction and we'll continue to update you on these initiatives as we move forward. Turning now to a discussion of North American category trends. Clearly, the challenges impacting the category in specific and consumer spending in general have persisted in 2017. This volatility was evidenced throughout calendar 2016 impacted by the U.S. election in the fall and the significant strengthening of the dollar over the last several months. We estimate that the North American premium men's and women's bag and accessory market was again flat to up low-single-digits in the March quarter, which we believe has continued to be impacted by negative trends seen in U.S. department stores as brands, including ours, have pulled back from the channel. While Kevin will provide additional details on sales and distribution by geography, we wanted to touch on some current trends and strategies by market, starting with North America. As you read in our release, for the quarter, total North American Coach brand sales decreased 5% on both a reported and constant currency basis including the negative impact of our deliberate department store pullback. Direct sales declined 2% in the quarter. As a reminder, this decline was in line with our expectations, given the Easter shift, which hurt us in Q3 and will be a benefit in Q4, as well as the loss of the important post-Christmas week, which fell into our Q2 results this year. Importantly, the third quarter marked the fourth consecutive quarter of positive comps in North America. Our bricks and mortar comps rose slightly over 3% in the quarter, driven by conversion and ticket, while traffic was down moderately. Overall, our aggregate comp was also up over 3% with e-commerce having a negligible impact on quarterly results. Finally, our business with international tourists in our North American stores was slightly lower during Q3, negatively impacting comp by under a point, with declines in Chinese tourist traffic once again mostly offset by other nationalities, notably Japanese and Korean visitors. Now turning to our retail performance and the metrics we traditionally share on product. The penetration of the above $400 price bracket increased to over 55% of handbag sales in North America up from about 40% last year, and generated another positive comp on the sales in unit basis. The increase was driven from success in both Rogue and Swagger silhouettes. As planned, 1941 handbags represented about 40% of handbag sales in our top-tier retail stores. We also experienced strength in small bags and accessories driven by crossbodies, clutches, and wristlets, which offer a high level of versatility and functionality at compelling price points. Turning now to event marketing, our semi-annual sale concluded early in the quarter and we held our closed preferred customer offer in March, which anniversaried the same event last year, but excluded 1941, a significant part of our assortment as mentioned. In the fourth quarter, we would again expect to hold a short duration sale around Mother's Day and kickoff our semi-annual summer sale. Looking ahead to the balance of spring and early summer, our goal is to continue to elevate and differentiate the brand by offering innovation and emotion through our product assortment marketing and the in-store experience. We will also continue to work to position our assortment and Coach as a year-around gifting destination. Specifically, in retail, we will first, offer a compelling Mother's Day story anchored by Souvenir Embroidery, a fun and play-full platform with trend-right embroidered patches supported by a disruptive campaign. We also launched the Bowery Crossbody, a feminine and sharply-priced small bag with a delicate chain strap as the perfect gift for mom. Second, we launched Coach space, a fun and out of this world capsule that celebrates space exploration's role in the American imagination. We've created instantly iconic product that features bright and graphic space-themed patches on key 1941 silhouettes, including Dinky, Rogue, and the Saddle Bag. Third, we introduced the new Bandit Hobo, a wearable, soft and streamlined shoulder bag. The Bandit is a chic functional bag that highlights the natural drape of our beautiful leathers. Unique detailing includes a detachable interior pouch that can convert into a second bag, offering a premium two-in-one functionality. Finally, we will debut the Swagger Shoulder Bag 20, driving innovation below $400. The Swagger Shoulder Bag 20 is a sleek, sophisticated and on-trend addition to the iconic Swagger family that easily transitions from day to night. And for outlet, as we transition into summer, we are excited to launch a fresh take on our Mother's Day novelty assortment with gifting items across all price points and even offering personalized hang tags for mom on this special holiday. Starting in spring, we introduced an expanded assortment of hang tags, bag charms, and small leather accessories that drive impulse shopping and allow for fun personalization opportunities for all customers and for all occasions. Following Mother's Day, we will have a full launch of a Disney and Coach product collection for outlet; our largest ever collaboration in this channel, which will span all of women's and men's leather goods and lifestyle categories. We've taken inspiration from our best-selling retail styles from our successful collaboration with Disney a year ago, and translated them to a broader assortment for the outlet customer. Rounding out Q4, we will have our first ever Father's Day mailer as we introduce our new men's bond backpack and a range of exciting boxed gift items. And now, moving on to international results for the Coach brand. As noted in our release, in the third quarter, international Coach brand sales declined about 4% on a reported basis, including about 70 basis points of pressure related to currency translation. By geography, Greater China sales declined 2% versus prior-year in dollars and increased 2% on a constant-currency basis, driven by strong growth and positive comps in Mainland China, partially offset by continued softness in Hong Kong and Macau. In Japan, sales rose 2% on a reported basis, while constant-currency sales decreased 1%, impacted by a decline in Chinese tourist spend as we have not yet fully lapped last year's dramatic increase. In our other directly-operated Asian Markets outside of China and Japan, namely South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia, sales decreased low double-digits in dollars in constant currency. Our results were primarily impacted by continued softness in South Korea, where macroeconomic and geopolitical headwinds have pressured spending from domestic consumers and tourists. In Europe, our directly-operated sales grew at a double-digit pace in constant currency during the quarter, while the wholesale business was negatively impacted as planned by a shift in shipment timing related to the change in fashion deliveries. This shift is expected to benefit Q4. Therefore, total sales in Europe increased slightly in constant currency and declined modestly in dollars. Finally, I would point out that we're continuing to see volatile results in our international wholesale businesses, which while small, are important to growing brand awareness. For the quarter, as planned, our sales declined double-digits on a net sales basis, impacted by shipment timing, which we expect to reverse in Q4. Sales also declined on a POS basis in Q3. In closing, we are proud of the progress we've made along our transformation journey and the evolving perception of the Coach brand and Coach, Inc., as we move from a specialty retailer to a house of modern luxury brands. Now I turn it over to our new CFO, Kevin Wills, for details on our financial results and guidance for fiscal 2017. Kevin?
Kevin G. Wills - Coach, Inc.: Thanks, Victor. It's a pleasure to be with you on my first Coach earnings call. Victor has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of the third quarter results, as well as our outlook for fiscal year 2017. Please note, the comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results as well as a related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. Our overall financial performance in the third quarter was consistent with our expectations, despite the volatile backdrop. Our sales were down in the quarter, as projected, impacted by calendar shifts and the deliberate pullback in the department store channel in North America, as well as wholesale shipment timing internationally. That said, we drove positive comps for the Coach brand in North America and gross margin expansion in each reportable segment, while tightly controlling costs and continuing to invest in our brands. Taken together, we delivered another quarter of solid earnings growth. Importantly, our balance sheet remains extremely healthy with a clean inventory position and sufficient cash to support our strategic initiatives, while returning capital to shareholders through our dividend. Now, turning to the details, consolidated net sales totaled $995 million for the third quarter, a decrease of 4% on a reported basis and 3% on a constant-currency basis. In addition and as expected, the company's strategic decision to elevate Coach brand's positioning in the North American wholesale channel through a reduction in promotional events and door closures negatively impacted sales growth by approximately 150 basis points in the quarter. As expected, Coach brand sales decreased approximately 4% in aggregate, but increased in North America on a comp store basis. Stuart Weitzman brand sales rose 1%, while being negatively impacted by wholesale shipment timing. Consolidated gross profit totaled $706 million, a decrease of 1% versus prior year, while gross margin increased approximately 190 basis points to 70.9%. Coach brand gross profit decreased 2%, however, gross margin expanded 180 basis points over the prior year, including approximately 20 basis points of benefit from currency to 71.7%. Stuart Weitzman brand gross profit rose 8% and gross margin rate increased approximately 390 basis points over the prior year, reflective in part of channel mix, the benefit of currency and lower promotional levels. Total SG&A expenses decreased 3% to $544 million and represented 54.6% of sales as compared to 54.3% in the year-ago period. Coach brand SG&A expenses decreased 4% to $500 million and represented 54.6% of sales compared to 54.8% in the year ago period. Stuart Weitzman brand SG&A expenses were $44 million compared to $39 million a year ago, due to an increase in store occupancy costs associated with new openings, as well as the company's strategic investment in team and infrastructure. Consolidated operating income rose 7% to $162 million, while operating margin was 16.3%, an increase of 160 basis points versus prior year. Coach brand operating income increased 8%, while operating margin increased 200 basis points over the prior year to 17.1%. Stuart Weitzman brand operating income was $6 million or 6.9% of sales versus $7 million or 9.3% of sales in the prior year, reflecting key investments to support long-term multi-category growth, as discussed. Net interest expense was $4 million in the quarter as compared to $7 million in the year ago period. Total net income for the quarter increased 5% to $130 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.46, up 4% versus prior year. Now, moving to global distribution. In total, we closed five net Coach brand locations globally in the third quarter to end the period with 955 directly-operated locations worldwide. In addition, we ended the quarter with 82 Stuart Weitzman directly-operated locations, no change from the previous quarter. In fiscal year 2017, we continue to expect our Coach brand directly-operated square footage to grow low single-digits globally. This guidance assumes that Coach brand directly-operated square footage in North America will decline slightly with net store closures in both our retail and outlet locations. Internationally, we expect a mid to high single-digit increase in square footage. Finally, turning to Stuart Weitzman directly-owned, op distribution. Year-to-date, we've opened a total of seven net new locations and we expect to close one location in the fourth quarter. Moving on, net cash from operating activities in the third quarter was $202 million compared to $199 million last year. Our CapEx spending was $70 million in Q3 versus $101 million last year. Free cash flow in the quarter was an inflow of $131 million versus $98 million in the same period last year. Inventory levels at quarter end were $479 million compared to ending inventory of $464 million a year ago, representing an increase of approximately 3% in support of planned sales growth in the fourth quarter. At the end of Q3, cash and short-term investments were $1.9 billion as compared to $1.3 billion a year ago. Our total borrowings outstanding were $592 million at the end of Q3 compared to $869 million a year ago, reflecting the paydown of our term loan in the first quarter, as previously discussed. Now, turning to our capital allocation policy, which has not changed. Our first priority is to continue invest in our brands in order to drive sustainable growth and value creation. Our second priority is strategic acquisitions, looking for great brands with opportunities for expansion. And third, returning capital to shareholders with a focus on dividends. As always, underpinning these priorities are our guardrails for allocating capital effectively, which are maintaining strategic flexibility, strong liquidity, and access to the capital markets. Now, let me address our outlook for fiscal year 2017 on a non-GAAP 52-week versus 52-week basis. We are maintaining our operational guidance for the year and continue to project revenue to increase at a low single-digit rate, including the impact of currency. This guidance continues to imply strong top line growth in Q4 on a 13-week versus 13-week basis, benefiting in part from the calendar and shipment timing shifts, which negatively impacted us in Q3. As a reminder, these impacts include the shift in the Easter and the inclusion of the week leading up to the July 4 holiday, as well as the shift in Coach International wholesale shipment timing due to the change in the delivery calendar in fiscal year 2017. Importantly, this guidance continues to assume at least a positive low single-digit comp for the Coach brand in North America for the year and in the fourth quarter. We also continue to project double-digit revenue growth for Stuart Weitzman for the year. We are maintaining our consolidated operating margin forecast of between 18.5% and 19% for fiscal 2017. This guidance incorporates the negative impact of both Stuart Weitzman and the strategic decision to elevate Coach brand positioning in the North American wholesale channel. We now expect the interest expense to be approximately $20 million for the year based on the lower interest expense actualized to-date. The full year fiscal 2017 tax rate is still projected at about 26%, with a return to a significantly higher tax rate in Q4 versus Q3, consistent with our typical cadence, and we continue to expect our average diluted shares outstanding for the year to be approximately $283 million. Taken together, we're still projecting double-digit growth in both net income and earnings per diluted share for the year. And we now expect consolidated CapEx to be approximately $300 million in fiscal year 2017. In closing, we are pleased with our performance in the quarter and the consistency of our execution against the volatile backdrop, building on the successes we have achieved thus far in our transformation. Importantly, we continue to expect fiscal 2017 to be the year when we return to both revenue and earnings growth. Overall, we remain confident in our ability to drive sustainable and profitable growth for Coach, Inc. over the long-term. I'd now like to open it up for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim.
Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC: I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit more about the North American performance. Specifically, was there any variation between the full-price stores and the factory stores in terms of comp and if you could also just address you mentioned traffic, but any big variation on the traffic side on either segment would be helpful.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Good morning, Bob. Andre?
Andre Cohen - Coach, Inc.: Good morning, Bob. So as – we're pleased with the performance in both our channels actually and as you know, it's – we are starting to see the impact of the transformation taking hold. So in retail, brand innovation is really taking hold with the broader distribution, our $400 and above AUR bags are up on a comp basis. They represent more than 55% of our business. We're seeing in outlets as well innovation increasing with – taking inspiration from our own retail collections with, for example, last quarter, after all explosion that did very well. So, pleased across both channels. No major difference in traffic between channels.
Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you, Bob.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a nice quarter.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So Victor, you touched on the North America wholesale channel and the door closures that have taken place this year. Just kind of curious if you could give us how you're thinking about next fiscal year's potential feature door closures within the wholesale channel and then just tying that together, how could – are there any impacts on the Coach brand margin that we should keep in mind for next year, the trajectory of the Coach brand margin recovery? Thank you so much.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Sure. I'll ask Andre to speak a little bit about obviously the closures that we had talked about in our speakers' notes and thinking go forward.
Andre Cohen - Coach, Inc.: So by the end of this fiscal year, we would have closed about 250 doors. We continue to look at our wholesale channel and to pull out of doors that we feel don't make sense from our perspective and perspective of our partners and we want to continue to look at promotions very carefully and to partner with our department store wholesale partners to continue to reduce promotional pressure. In terms of margin, as you know, the wholesale businesses represent a very small part of Coach's overall business, so we don't see a material impact from that perspective.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you, Ike.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Schick with Consumer Edge Research.
David A. Schick - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Hi, good morning and thanks for taking my question. I wanted to build off of Bob's question around some of the tickets. So you've talked about the success of 1941, impressive mix, it's been I guess part of the store investments in clienteling, it's all coming together with the work you've been doing. Is there any more granularity or any other ways you can slice this than the above $400? We see the price points in the editorial that it's generating. Anything that could help us understand what's happening inside that business that's really doing well above $400 would be helpful.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Let me touch on that. Good morning, David. Certainly, look, there's been a tremendous level of innovation across full-price handbags and 1941. We've benefited from that. I think the consumer is perceiving the value at those price points which speaks to both design, quality of the leathers, and obviously make. And of course, as you mentioned, the total store experience with our sales teams benefiting tremendously from the Coach journey and modern luxury sales training that we've put in place and we've seen that impact our secret shopper scores as we mentioned in our speakers' notes, up from 75% about a year ago now to over 85%, which really speaks to consumers engaging, understanding the transformation. Certainly, as we go forward there is still opportunity for us to be innovative across the lower price points in the full price category. And I think you'll continue to see us, as we mentioned in the speakers' notes, work very hard to make our full-price business a year-around gifting destination with innovation across all price buckets.
David A. Schick - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Thank you.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you, David.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks. Good morning and welcome, Kevin. I guess my question is for Victor. You've made a number of key talent hires off-late, the Coach brand is tracking well. I would love if you could expand upon some of your comments you made earlier on building a customer-focused multi-branded portfolio. Could you just talk about kind of what's next and with the success of 1941, does that change or kind of impact your decision of brands that fit well within your portfolio? Thanks.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: We've been pretty consistent, Erinn. Obviously, we've talked just about great brands. I wouldn't comment any more specifically than the comments that we've laid out in our speakers' notes and what we've talked about in the past. Obviously, we're looking to leverage the strengths that we have as an organization whether that be our supply chain or whether that be, of course, our ability to develop and grow brands globally and leverage the teams that we have across the world who are very gifted and proven in growing brand at retail. At this point, I simply would not comment any further on acquisition activity and won't do so unless and until there's something specific to announce.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Fair enough. Thank you.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Oliver Chen with Cowen & Company.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Congratulations. Victor, the people changes in the organization that you've created for the long time. The global business development and strategy role, what are some of the key priorities there, and why did you see the need for that role, it sounds like a nice opportunity. How do you think about Coach over the next 5 to 10 years? And just sort of a minor question, we were curious about how average unit costs trended and if there is anything we should know in terms how you are balancing the AUC and giving features to the customer in the context of innovation versus managing promotional levels prudently? Thank you.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you, Oliver. It was a bit difficult to hear you. But if I understood correctly, I think your first question was specifically on Ian and his role as President of Global Business Development. And then your second question was on AUCs. I'm going to ask Kevin in a minute to speak on AUCs. In terms of Ian's role, he'll play a very important role supporting both of our brands. We obviously believe that each brand has a very unique positioning. But there is an opportunity for us to leverage know how whether that be, of course, in relationships with our landlords globally, as well as working with licensee partners and others as we look to develop both the Stuart Weitzman and the Coach brand, and of course, any future acquisitions that we can make. It'll set us well to provide some leverage on the front end of the business as Ian partners with both the CEO of Stuart Weitzman, Wendy Kahn, as well, of course, as the CEO of the Coach brand, Josh Schulman, who joins us in June. A specific example of that, for example, could be in the case of Stuart Weitzman supporting that organization, the take-back of certain markets, which is a skill that obviously we have very strong experience in from past work that we've done at Coach and specifically which Ian has led in his career. Kevin?
Kevin G. Wills - Coach, Inc.: Sure. Good morning, Oliver. On the – if I understood your question around average unit costs and related to the margin versus the increased cost, obviously, there's a balancing act there as we are elevating part of the 1941 product. There's more cost that go into that, but we're balancing that. You think about the components of our bags whether it's the leather, the tanning, the hardware, each have their own individual kind of inflationary, deflationary factors. So it's a – again, it's a balance and we're looking that across the chain. And I think you're seeing that balance work itself out in our gross margin rate performance.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. Best regards.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you, Oliver.
Kevin G. Wills - Coach, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anna Andreeva with Oppenheimer.
Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning, guys, and let me add my congrats as well.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thanks, Anna.
Kevin G. Wills - Coach, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Good morning. I'll follow up on Oliver's previous questions. Really strong results on the gross margin line. Maybe talk about expectations for the fourth quarter and just puts and takes on this line item as we think about 2018? And quickly also, what was the Easter shift headwind to the third quarter? Just trying to gauge the benefit to expect for 4Q? Thanks.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Sure. I'll let Kevin jump in on that one.
Kevin G. Wills - Coach, Inc.: Well, good morning, Anna. I think, we outlined basically our expectations for the balance of – for the full year and given the Q3 year-to-date results, you can see it affecting what we're expecting for the fourth quarter. We're continuing to expect improved performance in the fourth quarter. On the Easter shift, there's a number of, kind of, puts and takes on the sales line in the quarter. But that was probably about a, let's call it, around a point impact in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter, as -imprecise size, but we'd estimate around a point in the gross margin. Probably we're not seeing improvement in the fourth quarter.
Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Terrific. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask a follow-up question on the M&A strategy. More broadly speaking, a couple of quarters ago, I believe, you mentioned that one of the categories or criteria was you're trying to avoid turnaround situations. And I wanted to push you a little bit on this, especially given the transformation that you guys have executed for the Coach brand over the last few years, kind of, shrinking to grow, reducing proportionality, elevating the brand, bringing into more fashion and innovation globally. Is that a skill-set you think you can apply, especially, as you look across the landscape to other brands where that – where there might be a strong underlying brand asset, but there is a lot of struggle and challenges going through the evolution of all the changes that are happening at retail and wholesale channels and things like that. I wonder if it's something you think about a core competency having gone through what the company has gone through so successfully that you could apply in other similar branded situations in the global soft lines and accessory space? Thanks.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Good morning, Omar, and thanks for the question. Look, certainly, we have a very gifted and talented team. And obviously, with the work that we've done with Coach, this isn't our first transformation. There are folks in this company who have been here 20 years, 25 years, who have gone through this in the past with our first what one could consider our first transformation just prior to our IPO, and obviously also speaks to the fact that we have a great brand in Coach. Specific to your question around whether we're interested in turnarounds, first and foremost, Omar, we're looking for great brands, brands that have the potential for growth. Brand health and consumer perception for us is absolutely critical. We're not looking for brands that have, in essence, lost their way or need to be completely repaired or repositioned in the minds of consumers. Healthy brands that have a unique positioning and that certainly allow us to use the skill sets that you referred to, to diversify whether that be our consumer target or a specific consumer attitude or segments of the markets or perhaps the geography channel or category are what interests most and what we're most focused on. I think that Stuart Weitzman, of course, is an acquisition that we're extremely pleased with and is a good example of that.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you, Victor. Good luck.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you, Omar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Good morning and congratulations, everyone, and welcome, Kevin. As you think about the penetration to the over $400 price point now being 55% or so, where do you see that, and how do you see the portfolio price points emerging? And on marketing spend, it certainly is a big benefit. How do you see marketing spend contribution going forward and will there be other variances in marketing spend? Selena Gomez has been terrific and how do you see the events with her moving forward? Thank you.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Good morning, Dana. First, on Selena, we're really pleased, obviously, with our partnership so far. It's in its very, very early stages. And in fact, had a big day with Selena yesterday as she wore Coach for the Met Gala, and the play that we're seeing in both digital and traditional media, television to newspapers, magazines, and of course, all of their online channels, has been absolutely terrific, if not electric, in the last 24 hours. We expect Selena to really kick off, however, fully with the very first handbag campaign that will hit in July. That will then lead to through all the fall winter, and then later this year, we will be shooting the campaign for next spring-summer. And so we have a full year ahead really of activities and advertising that will hit, featuring Selena and, of course, leveraging her very, very extensive online following, where I believe today she's north of 116 million to 117 million followers on Instagram alone. As it refers to the above – and just to close on your marketing question, I would not expect total marketing dollars to change beyond what we are investing this year on a go-forward basis. In terms of the penetration on the above $400, Dana, I would not expect a significant additional growth in handbag AUR. Certainly, there's a potential for ticket growth as we launch other categories whether that be ready-to-wear, of course, our soft accessories and footwear becomes an increasingly important category for us as well.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Robert W. Baird.
Mark R. Altschwager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I also wanted to follow-up on gross margin, really nice performance this quarter. Can you give us a sense of the outlet pricing environment and whether you think the tide is beginning to turn there? If so, what's driving it? And then bigger picture, Coach brand gross margin seems to be trending towards the higher end of that 69% to 70% range you've consistently discussed. So just wondering if you see potential for some upside there as we look into fiscal 2018 and any puts and takes we should be thinking about? Thank you.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: First, on outlet, I'll let Andre jump in and then Kevin will answer your question on total gross margin.
Andre Cohen - Coach, Inc.: So we haven't seen the outlet pricing environment improve. If anything, it's become more competitive, more promotional over the last couple of quarters at least. And we've tried to manage that basically through an increased pipeline of innovation.
Kevin G. Wills - Coach, Inc.: And Mark, this is Kevin. On the gross margin, obviously, we're not providing any outlook or guidance as it relates to 2018 at this point in time. So, no specific comments on that. However, as we've clearly articulated, we do see there's an opportunity to increase the operating margin of this business over time. And all the actions we're taking, we hope we'll be able to improve the bottom line. But no specific comments at this time relative to 2018.
Mark R. Altschwager - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. Congrats on a nice quarter. Can I just ask you a quick modeling question and then a follow-up? Could you just help us bottom line where you think reported revenues land in the fourth quarter? I think with all the shifts going on between the third quarter and the fourth quarter and the extra week, there's a bit of confusion on – I'd hate to get off the call without having a clear idea of where we're headed. I think the 53rd week is maybe a two-point headwind to the year in the fourth quarter. But maybe beyond that, can you just help us clarify on where you think the fourth quarter trend revenue – reported revenue would land?
Kevin G. Wills - Coach, Inc.: Sure, Michael. This is Kevin. Obviously, as you noted there's some puts and takes with some of the timing. At a top line level, I would say somewhere around plus mid-single digits versus the 13-week reported basis in 2016, which was at $1.070 billion. I wasn't here, but I know in the press release last year in the fourth quarter, we did call out the impact of the 53rd week on the revenue, and it was around $84 million, and I believe about $0.07 a share. So between those two, I believe, you would be able to back end an approximate number.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And if I could ask one quick follow-up. Victor, I know at the Analyst Day, it was a long time ago, and the category was much different than it is today, but you guys highlighted where you saw the Coach brand margins could go at that time into best-in-class in the category I think was high 20s% with an year-mark. I know we beat this up with – several analysts asking about this quarter and past quarters. It is leaving us a little bit off balanced, not having some kind of a north star to think about for that brand. And obviously, the category is very volatile. But can you just help us with how you see the profitability of the brand evolving over the next few years? Where you think best-in-class should land in the categories you guys are in with the brand and the position where you're at today and the price points where you're at today?
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Sure. First and most importantly, we expect to drive operating leverage in the Coach brand and our sales growth beyond 2017. As you suggested at our Analyst Day, we guided that Coach brand will get back to best-in-class by 2019. And at this juncture, given the lack of visibility in the current environment, putting a specific number out there for what best-in-class will be two years down the road would simply be an exercise in fall's precision. Look, of course, both Coach brand and Coach, Inc. today continue to evolve in terms of our channel mix, geographic mix, our category mix as we bring footwear and other categories in-house to become a more important part of our business. And it's very likely that we will be a very different company by 2019. Our focus has been and will continue to be overall profitable growth and operating margin dollars.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Very helpful. Thanks.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adrienne Yih with Wolfe Research.
Adrienne Yih - Wolfe Research LLC: Good morning. Let me add my congratulations and congratulations to Stuart for the recognition.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you.
Adrienne Yih - Wolfe Research LLC: You're welcome. My question is on inventory at the end of the June, at the end of the fourth quarter. How should we think about that given there's layering in a little bit more higher AUC product for 1941. And then, if you could quickly comment on outlet. It sounds like there was a little bit better quality of sales, so the overall competitive and promotional environment at outlet relative to the holiday coming out of that one was very challenging? Thank you very much.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Sure. I'll let Andre speak to outlets, and then Kevin will speak to total inventory.
Andre Cohen - Coach, Inc.: We were pleased with our performance in outlets in Q3, again, driven mostly by product innovation. Frankly, we haven't seen an improvement in the competitive environment at all compared to Q2. It's remained as promotional, if not more so, than in Q2.
Kevin G. Wills - Coach, Inc.: On the inventory level, we feel very good about where we ended the quarter. Obviously, we've commented on sales expectations for the fourth quarter. So, we believe inventory is in line with our sales expectation and certainly from a currency and content perspective, we feel good about the inventory.
Adrienne Yih - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thank you very much. Great job on the product. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have time for one final question this morning. Our final question comes from Brian Tunick with Royal Bank of Canada.
Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great, thanks. I'll add my congrats as well.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you, Brian.
Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I guess curious between -thanks – the 1941 collection and then Selena Gomez. Are those two very distinct customers you're trying to get into the door? Are you seeing, on the 1941 side, customer reactivation from older – Coach customers, are they new customers? And on the Selena side, is to bring back the millennials? Just trying to think about how you're going to balance those two barbell thoughts. And then on the category, what do you think it's going to take to resume a mid-single digit category growth kind of number. Is it we need to get past these wholesale pullbacks? Is it AURs? What it is going to take you think for the category to resume mid-single digits?
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Sure. First on your question on 1941 and Selena, they're not, definitely not looking at different strategies if you will, both intended to drive brand relevance and engagements across a broad consumer. In the case of 1941, our initial strategy was very much focused on engaging the upper end of the wholesale channel, both here in North America and in Europe. But we're really pleased with the engagement that we're seeing in our entire full price fleet with all of Coach consumers, both lapsed and new consumers coming into the brand. The Selena strategy is very much about bringing the transformation message, leveraging, of course, a very strong digitally engaged celebrity across her channels as well as our own channels, not only here in North America but globally and bringing more awareness of what we're doing to that broader consumer. Her collaboration with Stuart on the handbag, which launches this fall and a couple of other small items that we're very excited about should help us as well. It is priced at a sharper price points. And then the traditional 1941 collection in handbags, which has been above $500 and the Selena handbag will be below $500. On the category in mid-single digits, I think the – look, the most certainly pullback in department stores is one key factor. There's no doubt about that. And once we see some of the cross-channel tensions, if you will, settle, one would expect the category to grow more robustly. I think at the end of the day, it's going to come down to innovation. It's going to come down to consumers engaging with great brands and everything that we're doing is very, very much focused on that. What I would share as I've shared with all of you very consistently. I just don't feel that there is a better category in the fashion space to be in as handbags and accessories continues to be the category that consumers use most as an investment item to express their individuality and everything that we're doing is focused on playing a leadership role in this space.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: Thank you. That will conclude our Q&A. Victor, over to you for some closing remarks.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you, Andrea. As has become our custom, I just want to close by congratulating our global teams, both within the Coach and the Stuart Weitzman brands for all of their hard work and dedication to our brands and to our consumers. I could not be prouder of them and their commitment for continuing to drive innovation, strong engagement with our consumers across the globe and excellence in execution of our strategy. And it's truly thanks to them that I remain incredibly confidence in our future as a house of consumer-led brands that is focused on innovation and long-term sustainable growth. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude the Coach earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-01-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Christina Colone - Senior Director, Investor Relations Victor Luis - CEO Andre Cohen - President, North America and Global Marketing Andrea Resnick - Interim CFO
Analysts: Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities David Schick - Consumer Edge Research Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer Michael Binetti - UBS Securities Mark Altschwager - Robert W. Baird Brian Tunick - Royal Bank of Canada
Operator: Good day, and welcome to this Coach conference call. Throughout the presentation, all participants will be in a listen only mode. Afterwards we will open the floor for your questions. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Christina Colone, Coach’s Senior Director, Investor Relations.
Christina Colone: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Coach's Chief Executive Officer; and Andrea Shaw Resnick, Coach's Interim CFO. Andre Cohen, President of North America and Global Marketing, is also joining us. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. Actual results could differ in a material manner. Additional information about risks and another important factors that could cause results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also, certain financial information will be presented on a non-GAAP basis. These non-GAAP measures exclude certain items related to our transformation plan, operational efficiency plan and Stuart Weitzman acquisition-related charges as well as the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, where noted. You may identify these non-GAAP measures by the terms, non-GAAP, constant currency. You may find the corresponding GAAP measure as well as the related reconciliation on our website, www.coach.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2017 results and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives. Andre Cohen will discuss our North America business in more detail. Andrea Resnick will follow with the financial and operational results for the quarter along with our outlook for FY 2017. After that, we will hold a question-and-answer session which will end shortly before 9:30. Victor will then conclude with some brief summary remarks. I'd now like to introduce Victor Luis, Coach's CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thank you, Christina. And welcome everyone. As noted in our press release, we are pleased with and proud of our performance this holiday season, particularly in light of the challenging and volatile global retail environment.  Our team delivered top line growth in each of our segments, highlighted by positive comparable store sales in North America with solid demand across channels and overall gross margin expansion. We continued to grow our business internationally with notable strength in Europe and mainland China which represents significant opportunities for our brands. Importantly we opened our first Coach House global flagship locations on Fifth Avenue in New York City and Regent Street in London which represent the fullest expression of our modern luxury vision to date and celebrate our heritage and seventy-five year history of craftsmanship.  And despite our deliberate pullback in the North America wholesale channel and unanticipated currency fluctuations, we delivered double digit earnings growth in the quarter. We were also thrilled with Stuart Weitzman’s results this quarter as we continued to implement our strategic priorities for the brand. We advanced our leadership position in fashion boots and booties during the winter selling season while driving global awareness and brand relevance through impactful marketing and the launch of key global flagships. This quarter strength which reflected strong growth in directly operated channels as well as the anticipated shift in wholesale shipments from the first quarter took brand sales growth to double digit for the first half and we continue to expect Stuart Weitzman sales to increase at a double digit pace this fiscal year.  More generally, we continued to execute the Coach brand transformation across the consumer touch points of product, stores and marketing. Our gifting assortment resonated with our customers globally across all price points and in all channels. We continue to transition more of the fleet into our modern luxury concept while enhancing our customer experience.  Finally, our holiday marketing was bold, innovative and fun, driving a dramatic increase in impressions globally. Also, during the holiday period we continued to elevate our brand through global celebrations of our seventy-fifth anniversary, including our first dual-gender runway show in early December here in New York City.  We also announced Coach’s partnership with the actress and singer Selena Gomez. Her work with Coach will be wide ranging and begin with her appearing in Coach’s fall 2017 fashion campaign. It will also include a special product collaboration for launch in the fall across our global network and with major wholesale partners. Organizationally, we've announced two new leaders. First, Kevin Wills will join our team as chief financial officer in the coming weeks. Kevin is a proven leader who brings nearly thirty years of broad based and relevant retail and finance experience to Coach. His expertise and strong operational track record make him a valuable addition to the leadership team.  We're also delighted about the recruitment of Carlos Becil, coming in a newly created role of chief marketing officer for the Coach brand. Carlos is joining us from Equinox where he held the role of chief marketing officer for the last four years .In his new role, Carlos will partner with Stuart Vevers and our global marketing teams to continue to innovate and bring our brand messages to broader audiences around the globe.  I would like to take a moment to recognize and thank Andrea who has held the position of interim CFO over the last several months. She and our proven finance team ensured we continue to execute our strategies flawlessly. And I know you are all pleased to learn that Andrea will continue in her leadership role as global head of investor relations and corporate communications.  Now, as has been our practice since we implemented our transformation strategy more than two years ago, I'd like to share some of the actions we've taken to drive performance across the three Coach brand pillars of product, stores and marketing.  Starting with product, where Coach has emerged as a house of modern fashion design. In retail in the holiday quarter we successfully launched Heritage Gifts, a powerful year round dual gender gifting strategy grounded in glove tanned leather featuring pops of color and a balance of emotionally novel giftables.  Retail also continued to focus on elevation and fashion in Q2 with the expansion of Coach 1941 handbags and the launch of our first ever all-door pre- spring collection. Building upon product innovation, 1941 continues to be Coach's vehicle to deliver playful iconic Americana inspired themes. In outlet, as we touched on during our last call, we kicked off the quarter with a very successful outlet only Pac-Man collaboration. Metallics, florals and patents and dressy silhouettes were also well received. In addition, the exclusive playful holiday prints anchored by our animated Coach bears collection drove consumer engagement via strong messaging to our outlet customers, including Windows, mailers, emails and in-store experience. Men’s continued to be a major focus for outlet and is on plan to be over 20% of the channel by the end of the fiscal year. On stores, we're continuing to establish our modern luxury concept globally, renovating and opening 46 locations during the quarter, including four in our directly operated North America business, taking us to about 540 modern luxury locations globally across all channels. This is very much in line with our target to end the year with over 700 doors in the new format, representing the vast majority of our traffic. Consistent with the plan, these renovations have been driving significant inflections from previous trends and comps which exceed the balance of the fleet in the vast majority of stores around the world.  Of course, as we've said before, the in-store customer experience is a key component of our brand elevation strategy, which is based upon, first, differentiating the Coach experience through leather and craftsmanship; and secondly, developing personalized clientele and customer events.  I am delighted that our mystery shopper scores, our key metric that demonstrates how well we deliver our unique modern luxury experience, were up again in the second quarter at over 85% as compared to about 75% in last year's holiday quarter. In addition, it's great to see how clients are responding to our new leather services such as monogramming and leather conditioning, with new services such as unique MOG stamps being introduced throughout the year. Across the global fleet, there were 26 craftsmanship bars installed as of the end of the second quarter and we expect to add twelve more in the second half of the fiscal year. We remain very excited about our global flagship focus. We view these stores as important retail and marketing investments for the Coach brand. These flagships include our Coach Houses on Fifth Avenue in New York City and Regent Street in London, both successfully opened during the second quarter in time for the important holiday season. Earlier this month we opened the Kuala Lumpur Pavilion flagship in Malaysia and will soon open our first flagship in Milan, Italy during February Fashion Week. In North American department stores where we're repositioning the brand, we did four renovations last quarter and continued to see positive results from our shop manager program without performance versus the balance of doors in major accounts. As noted, when we entered the fiscal year, one of our key strategic initiatives is elevating the Coach brand into North America wholesale channel. Through 1941, we've added some new locations in top tier specialty stores in North America and globally. We are now also in the process of rationalizing our North American department store distribution, taking our door count down by about 25% or by over 250 locations over the fiscal year, as well as reducing promotional events in the channel. In fall, we closed the first group of these locations, about 120, while the number of days on sale in department stores were reduced by about 40%. And we remain on track to close the balance of targeted doors this spring season. On the marketing front, we held events across the globe celebrating the culmination of our anniversary year. Our global influencer driven campaign was our most significant one yet with over 2.6 billion global impressions, up 160% from last year's holiday season. Color was important in creating visual impact, highlighted by our Heritage Gifting program.  Large scale experiential marketing, including events in Europe and in Japan, such as our Covent Garden pop-up installation also drove engagement. Similarly, multiple brand moments around celebrity births, Coach House opening events and #Coach75 extended the life of our anniversary campaign. And to cap our anniversary year, as mentioned, we held our first dual-gender runway show in December in New York City generating excitement and brand buzz globally.  More generally, during the quarter we remained focus on creating desire for our brand highlighting our fashion positioning and our 75 year legacy of design innovation, craftsmanship and quality. Our goal is to enhance brand perception and make the category exciting for consumers with a singular message that cuts through: Coach’s unique modern luxury proposition focusing on leather craft and Stuart’s vision of Coach New York cool, familiar American culture interpreted [ph] with a twist from New York's original house of leather design. Of course, signing Selena Gomez as the new face of Coach will amplify the coach message given her very substantial global following, especially on social media. As a result of these efforts across customer touch points, we are seeing continued progress in consumer perception. Importantly in our U.S. brand tracking survey fielded in December, Coach’s repurchase intent with category drivers increased versus a year ago, while our brand affinities were strong with consumers overall. In addition, fewer consumers viewed the brand as promotional versus a year ago which we believe reflects our deliberate pullback in events over the last two years.  We are delighted with our progress and proud of all that our team has accomplished to drive Coach’s transformation. The Coach brand is very much on its way to evolving from a specialty leather and accessories brand to a true House of fashion design. We are excited to see our creative vision and direction gain traction and as has been our custom, we'll continue to update you on these initiatives as we move forward.  Turning now to a discussion of category trends. As we look ahead to the balance of FY’17, we believe the challenges that exist today affecting the category in specific and consumer spending in general will persist. This volatility was evidenced throughout FY’16 and the first half of FY’17 impacted by the U.S. election this fall and the significant strengthening of the dollar over the last few months. Overall, with limited data points given the delayed year end reporting for several brands, we estimate that the North American premium men's and women's bag and accessories market was flat to up low single digits in the December quarter which we believe has continued to be impacted by negative trends seen in the U.S. department store space. While Andrea will provide additional details on sales and distribution by geography, we wanted to touch on some current trends and strategies by market. So I'll turn it over to Andre for a discussion of North America. 
Andre Cohen: Thanks, Victor. As you read in our release for the quarter, total North American Coach brand sales increased 2% on both a reported and constant currency basis, including the negative impact of our deliberate department store pullback.  Direct sales rose 5% in the quarter. Importantly, the second quarter marked the third consecutive quarter of positive comps in North America. Our brick and mortar comps rose approximately 4% in the quarter driven by ticket and conversion while traffic was down moderately. Overall, our aggregate comp was up approximately 3% with e-commerce impacting quarterly results. As you're aware we have a clear strategic direction to limit our promotional stance online given the negative impact on long term brand health. Finally, our business to international tourists in our North America stores was essentially even during Q2 with declines in Chinese tourist traffic once again offset by other nationalities, notably Japanese and Korean visitors. Generally international tourists are less significant to the category and to luxury in general during the holiday season given the increased gifting purchases by domestic customers. Now turning to our retail performance and the metrics we traditionally share on products. We continue to drive brand elevation with 1941 representing approximately one third of handbag sales in our top tier retail stores, consistent with plan. The penetration of the above $400 price brackets increased to nearly 50% of handbags sales, up from about 30% last year and generated another positive comp on a sales and unit basis. And as noted, we were also excited by the performance of our retail gifting assortment across categories. The iconic Dinky bag at $295 resonated with consumers, while novelty giftables increased over prior year and exceeded expectations.  Turning now to events marketing. In the second quarter we again held a Black Friday event, this time with a fixed percentage off offer but importantly excluding 1941, a significant part of our assortment as mentioned. This was followed by our semi-annual winter sale. In the third quarter we would again expect to hold a closed preferred customer event in March.  Looking ahead to spring, our goal is to continue to elevate and differentiate the brand by offering innovation and emotion through our product assortments, marketing and the in-store experience. We’ll also continue to position Coach as a year round gifting destination. Specifically in retail, we will continue to reinforce our craftsmanship through the reinterpretation for Coach New York of our western rivets [ph] which was launched on the runway in Coach 1941. The cool kid static of 1941 takes on a more feminine flair with beautiful semi precious stones embellishing these highly wearable styles. In 1941, we will launch a new Rogue tote, at $695 which builds on the success of the now iconic Rogue bag with structured luggage handles, Bombay stitching details and a cool edgy all-day look. We will also expand the Tea Rose platform with wild tea rose, its boldest expression yet with a mix of leather, resin and metal flowers. Finally, we relaunched our best selling Edie Shoulder Bag with a whole new look, plus a new larger size the Edie 42. And for outlets as we transition into spring, we're excited to refresh the color palette and infuse retail inspired looks with bright colors, trend right color blocking and runway chic floral prints. In addition, we're launching two limited edition collections where we pay homage to our hometown of New York City and to our iconic designer Bonnie Cashin. Men's will continue to grow by expanded lifestyle assortments to additional centers with increased marketing support. We look forward to our floral explosion in March when we introduce our new feminine petal bag, a drawstring silhouette designed to resemble a flower in bloom, and in the fourth quarter we're very excited about the launch of Disney for outlets which was our strongest ever collaboration in retail. I’ll now turn it back to Victor for a discussion of international.
Victor Luis: Thanks, Andre. Moving on to Coach brand’s International performance. As noted in our release, in the second quarter International Coach brand sales rose 3% on a reported basis and 1% on a constant currency basis.  By geography, Greater China sales were essentially even with prior year in dollars in the quarter. On a constant currency basis, sales rose 6% with positive comparable store sales overall. We continued to drive strong results on the mainland while Hong Kong and Macau experienced significant improvement in the quarter.  In Japan, sales rose 9% on a reported basis while constant currency sales decreased 2%, impacted by a decline in Chinese tourist spend as we lapped last year's dramatic increase. In Europe, our sales grew at a double digit pace in the quarter driven by new distribution and positive double digit comps. We've continued to experience very strong results in the UK benefiting from the currency weakness and increased traction with the local consumer. We were particularly pleased to open our Coach House location on Regent Street in London during the quarter where results to date have been strong and above expectations.  In Paris, our business for the quarter continued to be impacted by weak tourist traffic, though we did see relative improvement in December as we anniversaried the negative impact resulting from last year's tragic terrorist attacks. In our other directly operated Asian markets outside of China and Japan, namely South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia, sales decreased low single digits in dollars and in constant currency. Our results were impacted by softness in Korea where macro-economic headwinds have pressured spending from domestic consumers. Excluding Korea, our business in our other directly operated Asian markets in aggregate rose mid-single digits in dollars and in constant currency. Finally, I would point out that we're continuing to see disparate results in our international wholesale businesses which while small are important to growing brand awareness. For the quarter, our overall sales at POS increased slightly, driven by strong domestic performance offset in part by relatively weaker tourist location results. On a net sales basis, revenue also increased over prior year. Now I'll turn it over to Andrea for details on our financial results and guidance for the balance of the year. Andrea? 
Andrea Resnick: Thanks, Victor. Victor and Andre have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our second fiscal quarter results as well as our outlook for FY’17. Please note the comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results as well as the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today.  We are very pleased with our financial performance in the second quarter, particularly in light of the volatile backdrop. Our sales increased over prior year in each of our segments highlighted by positive comps in North America, continued growth internationally and strong performance of Stuart Weitzman. And on this higher level of sales, our gross margin expanded significantly over prior year.  We also made important investments in our brand and business as projected and delivered double digit growth in net income and earnings per share despite the strategically positioning of the Coach brand in the North American wholesale channel and headwinds associated with currency. Importantly our balance sheet remains extremely healthy with a clean inventory position and sufficient cash to support our strategic initiatives while returning capital to shareholders through our dividend. Now turning to the details. Coach, Inc.'s net sales totaled $1.32 billion for the second fiscal quarter, an increase of 4% on a reported basis, including a positive impact of 40 basis points related to currency translation, a smaller benefit than originally anticipated given the significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar.  In addition, and as expected, the company’s strategic decision to elevate the Coach brand’s positioning in the North American wholesale channel through a reduction in promotional events and door closures negatively impacted sales growth by approximately 100 basis points in the quarter. Coach brand sales increased about 2%, including positive North America comp store sales and continued international growth as both Victor and Andre have discussed. Stuart Weitzman brand sales rose 26% as expected.  Consolidated gross profit totaled $906 million, an increase of 6% versus prior year while gross margin increased approximately 110 basis points to 68.8%. Coach brand gross profit increased 4% while gross margin increased 130 basis points over prior year to 69% even which included a benefit of approximately 30 basis points from currency.  By segment, total North America gross margin increased over prior year, including our directly operated business where we grew both gross profit dollars and gross margin rate over prior year. International segment gross margin increase over prior year both on a reported and constant currency basis. Stuart Weitzman brand gross profit rose 26% while gross margin rate was even with prior year.  As projected, total SG&A expenses increased 7% to $612 million and represented 46.3% of sales as compared to 45.1% in the year ago period, reflecting in part the impact of currency and investment in Stuart Weitzman, as well as higher marketing spend versus prior year.  Coach brand SG&A expenses increased 4% and represented 46.5% of sales compared to 45.4% in the year ago period. Stuart Weitzman brand SG&A expenses were $53 million compared to $38 million a year ago due to an increase in store occupancy costs associated with new openings, the timing of marketing expenses as well as the company's strategic investments in team and infrastructure.  Coach, Inc. operating income rose 3% to $294 million while operating margin was 22.3% essentially even with prior year’s 22.4%. Coach brand operating income increased 3% while operating margin increased 20 basis points over prior year to 22.5%. Stuart Weitzman brand operating income was $23 million or 19.8% of sales versus $22 million or 23.6% of sales in the prior year, reflecting key investments to support long term multi category growth as discussed.  Net interest expense was $5 million in the quarter as compared to $6 million in the year ago period. Total net income for the quarter increased 12% to $211 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.75, up 11% versus prior year. Now moving to global distribution. In total we opened a net of eight Coach brand locations globally in the second quarter to end the period with 960 directly operated locations worldwide. In addition we opened five net Stuart Weitzman directly operated stores to the end the quarter with 82 locations. In FY’17 we continue to expect our Coach brand directly operated square footage to grow low single digits globally. This guidance assumes that Coach brand directly operated square footage in North America will decline slightly with net store closures in both our retail and outlet channels. Internationally we expect a mid single digit increase in square footage led by significant growth in Europe and a mid single digit increase in mainland China, partially offset by a low double digit square footage decline in Japan, as well as a modest unit decrease in Hong Kong and Macau. In our other directly operated businesses in Asia, we expect a little change in both unit and square footage.  Finally, turning to Stuart Weitzman distribution. Year-to-date we've opened a total of seven net new locations and do not expect any additional openings for the balance of the fiscal year.  Moving on, net cash from operating activities in the second quarter was $366 million compared to $302 million the prior year. Our CapEx spending was $54 million in Q2 versus $106 million last year. Free cash flow in the quarter was an inflow of $312 million versus $196 million in the same period last year. As expected during the quarter we received approximately $125 million in net proceeds related to the sale of our previous headquarter buildings. Inventory levels at quarter end were $465 million compared to an ending inventory of $438 million a year ago. At the end of the fiscal quarter, cash and short term investments stood at $1.8 billion as compared to $1.3 billion a year ago.  Our total borrowings outstanding were approximately $600 million at the end of the fiscal second quarter compared to approximately $900 million a year ago, reflecting the pay-down of our term loan in the first quarter as previously discussed.  Turning to our capital allocation policy, which has not changed. Our first priority is to continue to invest in our brands as we have a compelling opportunity to drive sustainable growth and value creation and we're putting our capital against this opportunity.  Our second priority, strategic acquisitions, is also about growth. While there is nothing imminent, we want to have the flexibility to act if and when it's in the best interest of Coach Inc. and our shareholders.  And, third, capital returns. We are committed to our dividend, expect our dividend to grow at least in line with prior year’s operational net income growth as our transformation gains further momentum. As always, underpinning all of these priorities are our guardrails for allocating capital effectively, maintaining strategic flexibility, strong liquidity and access to the capital markets. Now turning to our outlook for fiscal 2017 on a non-GAAP 52-week versus 52-week basis. We are maintaining our operational outlook for FY’17 while adjusting our revenue guidance based solely on current exchange rates. As you know our previous fiscal 2017 revenue guidance was for an increase of low to mid single digits, including an expected benefit from foreign currency of approximately 100 to 150 basis points. Given the significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar we are now projecting revenue to increase at a low single digit rate including an expected negative impact from foreign currency of 50 basis points for the full year, therefore representing a 150 to 200 basis point swing from previous guidance. This implies that currency will pressure top line results by over 100 basis points in the second half of the fiscal year based on current exchange rates. This guidance continues to assume a positive low single digit comp for the Coach brand in North America for the year and in each quarter. We also continue to project double digit revenue growth for Stuart Weitzman for the year. As an aside for you modelers out there, while we're projecting overall low single digit revenue growth in the second half of the year, we're forecasting topline variability by quarter. Specifically our nominal revenue is expected to decline in the third quarter based on: first, the negative currency impact of about 100 basis points; second, calendar shift in North America, including the later timing of Easter which falls into the fourth quarter this year versus the third quarter last year; third, our strategic North America wholesale initiatives with a continued reduction in promotions and the next tranche of door closures planned for 3Q; and finally, an expected shift in Coach international wholesale shipment timing from the third quarter into the fourth quarter based on our visibility into second half orders. Offsetting this, we're projecting strong topline growth in Q4 benefiting in part from those identified calendar and shipment timing shifts and despite an expected negative impact from currency of over 200 basis points. Most importantly we are maintaining our operating margin forecast for Coach Inc., of between 18.5% and 19% for fiscal 2017. This guidance incorporates the negative impact of both Stuart Weitzman and the strategic decision to elevate the Coach brand’s positioning in the North American wholesale channel.  We continue to expect interest expense to be in the area of $25 million for the year. The full year of fiscal 2017 tax rate is now projected at about 26% with a significantly lower tax rate forecasted in 3Q versus 4Q consistent with our typical cadence based on the anticipated of expiration of statutes in the third quarter. And we expect our average weighted diluted shares outstanding for the year to be in the area of 283 million.  So taken together we're still projecting double digit growth in both net income and earnings per share for the fiscal year and we continue to expect CapEx for Coach Inc. to be in the area of $325 million.  In closing, we are very pleased with our performance in the quarter and the consistency of our execution against a volatile backdrop building on the successes we have achieved thus far in our transformation. Importantly we expect -- we continue to expect FY’17 to be the year when we return to growth across all financials, leveraging top line growth and supported by our operational efficiency initiatives which have allowed us to become a more nimble organization. Overall we remain confident in our ability to drive sustainable and profitable growth for Coach Inc. over the long term.  I’d now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities. 
Robert Drbul : Hi good morning. I just have two quick questions for you please. The first one, can you provide a little more color on the second quarter North American comp by channel? And then the second question is, can you provide a little more granularity exactly on the third quarter versus the fourth quarter and the big movements there? 
Victor Luis: Sure, I'll take the North America comp question and then Andrea will jump in with the guidance question. Bob, we're obviously very pleased with our performance in the second quarter in North America where we saw demand grow across all of our direct channels with an expansion in our gross margin. As you know in the first quarter we have a total comp of 2%. We saw that grow to 3% with our bricks and mortars comp being 4% for the holiday quarter, really benefiting from all of the actions that we have been taking over the last couple of years to drive our transformation across both channels. In retail, we're seeing our elevation take hold with the broader distribution of Coach 1941 and the continued rollout of our modern luxury concept. And I couldn't be prouder of the engagements of our teams with our consumers across both channels as well. And in outlets, we are seeing a level of innovation from our design teams at a level that we haven't seen in the past and that's really beginning to resonate. Of course that includes as we suggested during our prepared remarks some of those wonderful collaborations that we have seen. 
Andrea Resnick: In terms of our third versus fourth quarter guidance, I think the first thing I'd point out is we maintained our operational outlook for the year, including the expectation of a low single digit North America comps in both 3Q and 4Q. Obviously as we discussed we expect some variability between the quarters along with pressure from FX in the second half.  In the third quarter, as I enumerated our top line is being negatively affected by a number of timing items, including the shift of Easter into the fourth quarter as well as our international wholesale shipments which in turn are being driven by the change in our delivery to better match the fashion calendar. In addition, while not a comp impact our third quarter of last year ‘16 included the post-Christmas week. This year, due to the calendar shift that fell into 2Q and will not be included in 3Q. Of course in North America wholesale we're closing that next tranche of doors to get us over to 250 this quarter and in the fourth quarter where we started to pull back last year will begin to anniversary that impact of those strategic actions, so less of an impact on the year over year basis. Therefore projecting very strong topline growth in Q4 benefiting in part from these calendar and shipment timing shifts and despite a negative impact from currency which will -- if current rates hold, impact us by about 200 basis points, so a very strong fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow : Good morning everyone. Congrats on a nice quarter. So just taking a step back focusing on the Coach brand’s profitability. So I imagine high 60s gross margins are probably not planned to move much higher from here over time. So I just kind of wanted to ask a big picture, where you see the Coach brand margin longer term and kind of how do we get there -- I don't think anyone expects 30% margins again. But how high is high today and I'm just asking because you deleveraged SG&A this quarter and I think you did in Q1 as well within the Coach segment. And I'm just wondering how you're planning out the investments needed to drive the top line of the Coach brand versus your goal of taking the operating margins higher over time? 
Andrea Resnick: Sure, sure. I think you're absolutely right there. In terms of gross margin, when you look back to 2014 when we originally gave our guidance we absolutely assumed that our gross margin would stay in 69% 70% ex-currency impact. And the real question is, at the time was the SG&A leverage and as we said as we try to positive comps, we’ll will begin to overall leverage that SG&A spend which we absolutely accept that. I think since 2014, the necessity to invest in our brand, higher overall occupancy costs etc for all brands, has probably brought down the upper end of that best in class profitability. But we're still focused on driving our profitability from these levels. We're very comfortable with it. We've shown the ability to lever as we would see the top line growth. So we do expect our operating margin to continue to move higher from here and we're very comfortable with that guidance. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Schick with Consumer Edge Research.
David Schick : I’d like to put a couple different comments together into one question. So Victor, you talked about --
Andrea Resnick: One question David.
David Schick : Right -- house of fashion design -- it’s really one question I promise -- house of fashion design, you’ve done less distribution, you’re having great success at the higher price points. I guess what I am trying to say is your vision for Coach in 2020 and beyond, there is a lot of street focus constantly on the category, should we think less about the category and more about your core competencies of what you are doing across categories? How should we think about that, not margin but what Coach is now really great at and how that drives the long term future?
Victor Luis : Yeah, well, obviously we're really great in our core category and that will remain a core competency going forward, David. We don't see ourselves becoming an apparel play, if you will. Obviously we've also talked about layering on other categories and we've made a very important acquisition in Stuart Weitzman, that has made us a very significant player both here in the U.S. and increasingly internationally in footwear. We're going to be leveraging that know-how of course for the Coach brand as well, especially as we take back our license later this calendar year and begin both the development design and production of shoes in house to have footwear become an increasingly important part of the Coach brand go forward.  As well, we do see outerwear as an area of growth for us. If you look at what we're doing with all of our runway shows and anything that you see within our stores you will see that outerwear plays a very important part of our apparel play, if you will, of what we're doing in terms of giving context to the Coach woman and the Coach man much more so than I would say a standard tops and bottoms T shirt and jeans type of business. We're not interested in getting into a basics business. So those three categories combined represent an $80 billion global opportunity and today at $4.5 billion, we obviously have a very small stake in that and so within both the Stuart Weitzman brand where you will see us add with our new creative director, handbag business and then within the Coach brand as we add footwear and outerwear you will see us take an increasingly large share of those three pieces of the pie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy : Good morning. You guys as you’ve elevated the brand, can you talk a little bit more about what you're finding about the consumer who have been purchasing that 1941 collection? And then I think you said that you'd be introducing this spring a Rogue at $695, I think it's a little bit of a sharper price point than you've seen in the balance about Rogue collection, but who do you view as the incremental consumer there? Thanks.
Andre Cohen: Sure. So we’re really seeing two groups of consumers responding to 1941. The first one, as we expected, is new consumers who hadn't really connected with the brand in the past and who find that they’re sort of more fashion forward, a bit understated aesthetic 1941 really works for them. But what was more surprising for is is that we’re finding a lot of lapse consumers returning to the brand because -- consumers who lapsed in our sort of logo heyday who were coming back because of the leather -- on the leather static of 1941. So that was, I’d say, a positive surprise for us. In terms of price points, really 1941 stretches from $295 for a Dinky back which has been one of our top sellers especially across the holidays all the way up to $1500 for a Rogue bag in exotics. So we don't see it as being purely a high high price point collection, it doesn't drive the above $400 comp clearly but it's not just that, it spreads across a wide range. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Oliver Chen with Cowen & Co. 
Oliver Chen : Hi congratulates on really solid results. Victor, we had a question regarding the long term path and strategic acquisitions. What are your thoughts about Coach in the future in terms of being a multi brand modern luxury house? You've done a great job but sort of I am just curious about your general thoughts around that framework, and on the gross margin line which is very impressive, what should we model or think about going forward in terms of the Coach brand gross margin it was really impressive this quarter? Just curious about some more details of the drivers. Thank you. 
Victor Luis: Sure. Andrea will answer the gross margin question in a minute. In terms of how we think of Coach and go forward, I believe that before the Stuart Weitzman acquisition we've been clear that we see Coach Inc. being larger than just the Coach brand. Obviously we've made our very first and significant acquisition with Stuart Weitzman, we're really pleased with the results there. The team has done an amazing job, we’re continuing to drive that business and obviously we have continued to invest both in managements and into design talents and I'm very excited about the opportunity for Stuart Weitzman and I would say before thinking about the larger vision beyond those two brands that our team is very focused on executing in our core business and organic business and doing a terrific job and driving both the transformation of the Coach brand as well as in driving the Stuart Weitzman brand which we see moving beyond footwear into handbags and accessories player as well in the years ahead.  So as we think about acquisitions beyond Stuart Weitzman, Oliver, we've been very very consistent for years now in terms of our capital allocation strategy. Obviously we've been very excited about thinking of the three categories as I touched upon earlier that we believe are the closest to us and the most branded in the fashion space, handbags and accessories, footwear and outerwear especially and that would be obviously part of our consideration set, we're not interested in turnaround plays, we're very interested in brands that are great brands and that growth potential where we can leverage both our skill set, our structure, our systems, our infrastructure, supply chain and know how that we have in helping great brands develop global. 
Andrea Resnick: In terms the Coach brand gross margin in the second quarter which was up 130 basis points including about 30 basis points from currency. We once again had a benefit from channel mix in there. Probably the most significant was the ongoing lower product costs which were somewhat offset but not completely offset by our ability to pass that along to lower prices to our customers, the product cost a big positive impact forward. As we move forward through the balance of the year we would expect in the second half for our gross margin for the Coach brand continue to be expanding on a year over year basis most notably in the third quarter. Again we would expect channel mix to actually be in a slightly really bigger benefit in the third quarter, ongoing benefit from product costs as well as the end of the day continued source margin expansion for the close poach brands in the second have notably in third quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anna Andreeva with Oppenheimer.
Anna Andreeva : Great thanks so much. And congrats guys on that navigating the environment really well. A question was on remodels and the outlet channel, specifically I think you had mentioned that the recent ROI was better than when they initially. Can you maybe provide some color on that? How many stores have been remodeled currently and how should we think about the opportunity down the road and then secondly just quickly the flash sale impact moderated this past quarter. How do we think about that headwind going forward?
Andre Cohen: Sure. Good morning. So we mentioned I think last call we've been doing research both through our consumer insights group and field teams to try and understand how consumers react to this new remodel. There are few actions we took based on those findings, a few months ago that is starting to pay off where we are seeing improved results, so larger rooms, not so much segmentation within the stores, more tables to make the products more accessible. We've got a new findings we are now acting on, particularly that’s a signage in the stores, more visible Windows that are being implemented as we speak. And we've seen strong performance actually, these outlets are more luxury remodels. Overall we’ve remodeled so far 69. 
Victor Luis: In terms of the flash sales -- our EOS impact as we call it internally are e-outlet store which is as you call the flash sales model, the impact in the second quarter was really a slight bump versus previous performance of around Black Friday, gifting in general. Overall as we have stated in the past we are not actively recruiting new consumers into the database, we’re only mailing those who shop within our outlet channel. And so I would again expect the database to continue to shrink and its performance to consume shrink as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS Securities.
Michael Binetti : Hey guys, good morning, great quarter. I think your answer is, I was hoping over from another call. But I just want to get a little bit more -- a little more detail on the margin outlook. I mean I think you guys have done a really nice job of helping us think about the longer term outlook as I look through your Power Point from 2014 here. So a lot of that thinking was obviously at a time when the category is growing a lot faster. So I guess we know that prior peaks for your business aren't the best North star for models on the operating margin opportunity but we've talked about the opportunity for the brand to return to mid twenty's over time. And Andrea, I think you just said it was chime in that, the best in class number that you gave at the Analyst Day changed a little bit. Given what you know about the category and your growth rates today, is mid-20s still an appropriate rate to think about over the next few years? And if so, what do you think are the biggest sources of leverage is at the top line trajectory we see today?
Andrea Resnick: Michael, I think I gave that answer to Ike I but I don't mind this is happening later year. I think the biggest point of leverage is obviously the returns to positive growth and positive comp. And so you've already seen that come through in our results, we backed to continue to come through in our results. Our target has always assumed continued sales growth for Coach, stable gross margins and leverage in expenses. While we're going to continue to invest in our business and those items really haven't changed. And that's what we're going to maintain going forward and you've seen that leverages come through already. So I think the path -- the trajectory remains positive and as I already mentioned to Ike.
Michael Binetti : I'll call Ike for the rest. Thanks. 
Andrea Resnick: Or check the transcript. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Altschwager with Robert W. Baird. 
Mark Altschwager : Good morning and thanks for taking the question. I was hoping you could provide a bit more detail on your current growth outlook for China. It's encouraging to hear the pressure has eased in Hong Kong, Macau. So I guess what inning are you in with right sizing your footprint in that region and do you have a view on when it can return to growth? And then looking at the mainland just any current thoughts on where the store fleet stands today and how you're thinking about balancing brick and mortar versus digital growth longer term, just, what is the growth algorithm we should think about for mainland China medium to longer term? Thank you. 
Victor Luis: Yes, there may be some confusion because you mentioned return to growth, we've been growing very strongly in China since we took that business back in 2008, I believe it was, and have grown it from what was approximately a $30 million business to over $600 million today. Team has done an amazing job in driving our distribution there. Today we're at approximately across Greater China which would include Hong Kong, Macau and mainland China, 191 doors, we have 172 doors in China, still very much opportunity for growth in second and third tier cities. As you may know, China has approximately 200 or more cities with a population of a million or more and given more accessible price points we believe we're going to be seeing continued opportunity for us to develop distribution beyond what the traditional luxury brands have and have tremendous opportunity of course to continue to grow within same stores there as the middle class continues to evolve in that markets and as we continue to see of course the population urbanizing. So the long term story within mainland China is very very exciting indeed.  In terms of Hong Kong and Macau we've seen a much better performance over the last quarter. And that is very a significant for us, it's a very important market of course especially for PRC tourists and it's been 18 to 24 months since we saw the first protests from Occupy Central and I think all of us in retail and luxury retail especially are very happy to see that market’s stabilized and hopefully in the future become a source of growth.
Operator: Our final question comes from Brian Tunick with Royal Bank of Canada.
Brian Tunick : Pretty tough environment. I guess wanted to hear more about the factory channel perspective, did you guys feel like the holiday overall was more promotional in the factory channel when you looked at your competition? Can you maybe talk about from a product perspective what percentage today is Stuart design and the halo, you've talked about in the full priced stores? And as we think about the comp improvement at the factory channel, how much it come from AUR versus conversion over the next couple of quarters? Thanks very much.
Andre Cohen: Good morning. The factory channel was very promotional this Q2, we saw our competition go deeper than they've ever gone. So the environment itself was deeply promotional. We were driven really by innovation as Victor mentioned earlier, a couple of really impactful new launches. The PacMan was one of them and then we had our Bears collection around Christmas that were highly highly successful. So I think we navigated the promotional environment, focusing more on innovation really than just deep discounting. Most of the product today in factories is designed by Stuart. We have a small share of retail leads that end up in factory but it's primarily new designs and I think we talked about a year ago about the factory outlet. There was -- aimed to a fast tracking innovation, we're seeing the results of that over the last few months and very pleased with this. Traffic continues to be challenging in general in the channel. So we are counting on both conversion and higher ADTs, average tickets to drive growth and productivity.  End of Q&A
Christina Colone: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A. I'll now turn it back over to Victor Luis for some closing remarks. 
Victor Luis: Thank you, Christina. As is our custom I just want to close by, first and foremost congratulating all of our teams across the world both in the Coach and the Stuart Weitzman brands for all of their hard work and dedication. Against what is a continuing volatile and unpredictable global market, I couldn't be prouder of all of them, their commitment to driving innovation, the strong engagement that they have with consumers across the globe. And it's truly their hard work that is reflected in our results. And I thank their commitments and their can-do spirits and thanks to them that we remain very optimistic about the long term opportunities for our brands. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for joining this Coach conference call. Please disconnect your lines and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-11-01 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Christina Colone - Coach, Inc. Victor Luis - Coach, Inc. Andre Cohen - Coach, Inc. Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.
Analysts: Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC David A. Schick - Consumer Edge Research LLC Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC
Operator: Good day, once again, and welcome to this Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. And at this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to the Senior Director of Investor Relations at Coach, Ms. Christina Colone.
Christina Colone - Coach, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Coach's Chief Executive Officer; and Andrea Shaw Resnick, Coach's Interim CFO. Andre Cohen, President, North America, is also joining us to discuss initiatives for the holiday season. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements. This includes projections for our business in the current or future quarters of fiscal years within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results could differ in a material manner. Additional information about risks and another important factors that could cause results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements can be found in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also, certain financial information will be presented on a non-GAAP basis. These non-GAAP measures exclude certain items related to our transformation plan, operational efficiency plan and Stuart Weitzman acquisition-related charges as well as the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, where noted. You may identify these non-GAAP measures by the terms, non-GAAP, constant currency, or excluding the negative impact of currency. You may find the corresponding GAAP measure as well as the related reconciliation on our website, www.coach.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our first fiscal quarter 2017 results and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives. Andre Cohen will speak to our North America business, product performance and review our key programs for the holiday season. Andrea Resnick will follow with details on financial and operational results for the quarter along with our outlook for FY 2017. After that, we will hold a question-and-answer session which will end shortly before 9:30. Victor will then conclude with some brief summary remarks. I'd now like to introduce Victor Luis, Coach's CEO.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you, Christina, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, we are very pleased with our performance in the quarter, highlighted by continued positive comparable store sales in North America and growth internationally, including double-digit increases in Mainland China and Europe as well as sales gains in our directly operated businesses across Asia, outside of Greater China and Japan. We remained focused on elevating the Coach brand through compelling product, differentiated store environments and emotional marketing. At the same time, we implemented the strategic actions necessary to reposition the brand and streamline our distribution in the promotional North American department store channel. Despite this deliberate pullback, we achieved growth across key financials, including sales, gross profit and operating income as well as double-digit earnings growth. Overall, our results give us confidence that the cumulative impact of our actions will drive top line and bottom line growth per our guidance for the fiscal year. As we've outlined previously, for fiscal 2017, our four strategic priorities for the Coach brand include: reenergize our brand in the category by continuing to innovate and establish our unique modern luxury proposition; continue the brand's elevation through a fuller expression of Coach 1941 in stores and online while driving our men's business even further across all channels; focus on raising brand awareness and relevance globally through the rollout of flagships and key fashion capitals, while continuing to renovate our existing store base; and differentiate Coach through a combination of fashion and heritage marketing campaigns, distorting investments to key regions and ensuring the message is relevant and increasingly aspirational to the broader market. This included the relaunch of Coach fragrance with our partner, Interparfums, in September. And for Stuart Weitzman, we will drive our leadership position in fashion boots during the key winter selling season, augment our leadership in boots by developing iconic styles in pumps, sandals and flats, while also laying the foundation for the relaunch of the brand's handbag assortment, drive global awareness and brand relevance through impactful marketing and the launch of New York and London flagships during the holiday quarter, leverage new leadership both on the management and creative side to bring the Stuart Weitzman brand into its next chapter of growth as a multi-category player. Now, moving to our results. During the first quarter, we delivered on our plan across businesses and geographies, while continuing to successfully execute our brand transformation across the key consumer touch points of product, stores and marketing. Most generally, we continued to elevate our retail offering globally with the Coach 1941 assortment resonating in our own stores as well as top-tier specialty and department store accounts. Of course, we continue to transition more of our fleet into the modern luxury concept, driving comp improvement. Finally, our fall campaign, photographed by Steven Meisel, featured actress Chloë Grace Moretz, against the backdrop of New York, beautifully capturing the spirit and energy of the city. We also ran our first-ever TV commercial for the launch of the new Coach fragrance together with our partner, Interparfums. At Stuart Weitzman, we're driving global awareness and brand relevance, gaining traction with the important international and millennial consumer. During the quarter, we continued to drive key investments in management and creative talent as well as infrastructure to support the long-term multi-category growth. Wendy Kahn officially joined as Brand President and CEO in September and we also hired elite footwear designer, Daniele Michetti, who starts this week and will report to Executive Creative Director, Giovanni Morelli, upon his arrival this spring. While brand sales were essentially even with the prior year this quarter, primarily due to shipment timing and repositioning of our UK business ahead of the opening of our first retail store on Regent Street, we continue to expect a double-digit sales increase in fiscal year 2017. Indeed, we are extremely pleased by our performance in the early fall-winter season as our strength in boots gains momentum across channels and geographies. Now, as has been our practice since we implemented our transformation strategy more than two years ago, I'd like to share some of the actions we've taken to drive relevance across the three Coach brand pillars of product, stores and marketing. Starting with product, where Coach has emerged as a house of modern fashion design. The key retail strategies we are implementing include, the continued elevation of the assortment with the further rebalancing between Coach New York and 1941, and a move from 12 to eight deliveries in our retail channel, first to better align with the fashion calendar, notably with the higher end specialty retail and also to drive improved productivity as we align deliveries with seasonal marketing. During the quarter, our women's retail performance was driven by leather goods and growth in 1941 silhouettes, the Rogue, Saddle Bag and Dinky as well as the novelty Tea Rose and varsity patch platforms. Also during the quarter, we introduced the Drifter family and a smaller version of Mercer. Mickey, which had successfully launched late in FY 2016, built into early Q1 before selling through in most silhouettes. In outlet, men's continue to be a major focus for the business and is on plan to be over 20% of the channel by the end of the fiscal year. New style launches in outlet during the first quarter included the Tyler Tote, the Charlie backpack and the Mini Charlie. Signature and leather exotic mixed platforms in dressy silhouettes were well received, and we had a strong customer response to seasonal neutrals. On stores, we're continuing to establish our modern luxury concept globally, renovating and opening 40 locations during the quarter, including three renovations in our directly operated North America business, taking us to nearly 500 modern luxury locations globally across all channels. This is very much in line with our target to end the year with over 700 doors in the new format, representing the vast majority of our traffic. Consistent with plan, these renovations have been driving significant inflections from previous trends and comps, which exceed the balance of the fleet in the vast majority of stores around the world. Of course, transforming our stores is more than just the physical design. It's the customer experience our store teams provide each and every single day. I'm delighted that our Mystery Shopper Scores, our key metric that demonstrates how we will deliver our unique modern luxury experience, was up again in Q1 at over 80% this quarter as compared to 70% when we started tracking them a year ago. In addition, it's great to see how clients are responding to our new leather services, such as monogramming and leather conditioning, with new services to be introduced throughout 2017. Across the global fleet, there were 17 Craftsmanship Bars installed as of the end of the quarter. We also just launched Coach Journey, an online multi-language learning platform which is globally scalable. It is designed to engage and develop our store associates into knowledgeable modern luxury brand ambassadors through a robust development program and monthly product, service and styling skill training. In our 75th year, we are very excited about our global flagship focus. We view these stores very much as key retail and marketing investments for the Coach brand. These flagships include our Coach Houses on Fifth Avenue in New York City and Regent Street in London, both opening this month, in time for the important holiday season. We will also open our first flagship in Milan, Italy, by the end of the fiscal year on the prestigious, Via Monte Napoleone. In North American department stores, where we're repositioning the brand, we did not do any renovations this quarter. We did continue to implement our shop manager program and see a significant impact versus balance of doors in key accounts. As noted on our August call, one of our strategic initiatives this year is elevating the Coach brand in the North America wholesale channel. As discussed previously, through 1941, we have already started adding new locations in top-tier specialty retail stores in North America and globally. We are now also in the process of rationalizing our North American department store distribution, taking our door count down by about 25% or by over 250 locations over the fiscal year, as well as reducing promotional events in the channel. In the first quarter, we closed the first group of these locations, about 120, and expect to close the remainder in our third quarter this upcoming spring season. On the marketing front, the quarter kicked off with the successful launch of our Mickey collaboration. We were also thrilled about the reaction to our third-ever 1941 Runway Show this past September, which garnered positive editorial feedback while generating close to 1 billion impressions globally. More generally, during the quarter, we remained focused on creating desire for our brand, amplifying our fashion positioning, and our 75-year legacy of design innovation, craftsmanship and quality. This year, we want to enhance brand perception and make the category exciting for consumers with a singular message that cuts through; Coach's unique modern luxury proposition, focusing on leather craft and Stuart's vision for Coach New York cool, familiar American culture interpreted with a twist from New York's original house of leather design. As a result of these efforts across customer touch points, we're seeing continued progress with consumers. Importantly, in our North America brand tracking survey fielded in September, Coach's perception of positive brand momentum increased among category drivers versus a quarter ago, while our brand affinities were strong with consumers overall. In addition, category drivers' view of the Coach brand as original increased versus a quarter ago, reflective of our product and marketing strategies. We are delighted with our progress and proud of all that our team has accomplished to drive Coach's transformation. The Coach brand is very much on its way to evolving from a specialty leather and accessories brand to a true house of fashion design, defining modern luxury. We are excited to see our creative vision and direction gain traction and will continue to update you on these initiatives as we move forward. Turning now to a discussion of category trends, as we look ahead to the balance of fiscal year 2017, there is no doubt that the challenges that exist today affecting the category in specific and consumer spending in general will persist. The macroeconomic environment is uncertain. Currency crosswinds continue to affect tourist flows, and geopolitical events are negatively impacting sentiment. As a result, visibility into the category growth remains limited as the landscape continues to rapidly shift. This volatility was evidenced throughout FY 2016 and in the most recent quarter. Overall, we estimate that the North American premium men's and women's bag and accessories market was flat to up low single digits in the September quarter, which we believe has been impacted by negative trends seen in the U.S. department store space. While Andrea will provide additional details on sales and distribution by geography, we wanted to touch on some current trends and strategies by market. So, I'll turn it over to Andre for a discussion of North America. Andre?
Andre Cohen - Coach, Inc.: Thanks, Victor. As you read in our release, for the quarter, total North American Coach brand sales decreased 3% on both a reported and constant currency basis, reflecting our deliberate department store pullback, while direct sales were flat. Importantly, the September quarter marked a continuation of positive comps in North America. Our bricks and mortar comps rose approximately 4% in the quarter, driven by ticket and conversion, while traffic was down modestly. Overall, our aggregate comp was up approximately 2%, with e-commerce, notably lower eOS flash sales, impacting results. Generally, our coach.com retail site demand is similar to our retail stores. For most of the category, the dotcom channel is overwhelmingly a promotional one, with most of our competitors having perpetual sale shops available. As you're aware, we have a clear strategic direction to limit our promotional stance online, given the negative impact on long-term brand health. Finally, our business through international tourists in our stores rose during Q1, with declines in Chinese tourist traffic more than offset by other nationalities, notably Japanese and Korean visitors. Now, turning to our retail performance and the metrics we traditionally share on product, we continue to drive brand elevation with the above-$400 price brackets rising in penetration to over 50% of handbag sales, up from about 30% last year and generating another positive comp on a sales and unit basis. This drove handbag AURs to over $300. Turning to event marketing, as noted on the last call, we came out of FY 2016 comfortable with the cadence and type of events we'd hosted. We held a preferred customer event for September, anniversarying the prior year though slightly shorter in duration and which excluded 1941 products. And we'll hold a Black Friday event followed by our semiannual winter sale in December. Looking ahead, our goal is to be the destination for gifting with a compelling assortment and broad offering across price points. We'll incorporate fashion elements such as studs and hologram platforms with a strong nod to our archives, featuring glovetanned leather across all categories for both men's and women's, creating an emotional and compelling offering for the season. Specifically in retail, we will, one, continue elevation strategy with further animations of Rogue; two, establish Coach as a year-round gifting destination; three, continue to leverage our unique leather craft which is exemplified by appliqués and quilting in our Coach New York offering and through the use of distinctive materials and techniques such as embroidery and beading in our 1941 collection; and finally, launch several major new platforms, including our iconic 1941 duffle reinvented with increased functionality and Brooklyn, a reimagined carryall with increased functionality addressing the business bag opportunity. As we move into holiday in North America outlets, we'll accelerate our strategy to drive more innovation and emotion in the channel through limited editions, collaborations and the launch of new silhouettes and platforms. We're also focused on continuing to grow the men's category and we'll celebrate our first holiday season with men's available in all of our outlet centers. In October, we kicked off the second quarter with a dual-gender limited-edition Pac-Man collection in all our North American outlet doors. This was our first collaboration strictly for the channel and we've been extremely pleased with the results. Building on the success of the introduction of Tyler, we're continuing to launch new silhouettes like the Central Satchel and City Zip Tote. For holiday, outlet launches a bold expression of five key prints and a wide array of metallics across multiple categories. Gift sets and novelty items continue to be big drivers for the season. And for Black Friday, we launch another dual-gender limited-edition leather bear collection in all our doors. We've seen great success with these disruptive playful moments in our stores both in bags and in novelty categories. We'll be supporting these holiday initiatives and expressing the playfulness of the season in our advertising. The holiday campaign is all about our Coach dinosaur, Rexy. Buzz has been building around her for months beginning with London Collections Men in January, by celebrity dressing and a collaboration with Colette. Building on this excitement, this week we're launching a global Rexy campaign with a video where she comes to life in the workshop linking this pop character to our heritage of leather craft. The campaign continues with our celebrity friends amplifying Rexy and our emotional heritage gifting assortment across multiple platforms, including digital and social media. In summary, we're encouraged by our performance and excited for holiday. We believe that our initiatives across the brand pillars will continue to drive positive traction in North America. And now turning it back to Victor for international.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thanks, Andre. Moving on to Coach brand's international performance. As noted in our release, in the first quarter, international Coach brand sales rose 7% on a reported basis and 3% on a constant currency basis. By geography, Greater China sales were essentially even with prior year in dollars in the quarter. On a constant currency basis, sales rose 5%, driven by double-digit growth and positive comparable store sales on the Mainland, offset in part by continued weakness in Hong Kong and Macau. In Japan, sales rose 11% on a reported basis benefiting from the stronger dollar while constant currency sales decreased 7% impacted by a decline in Chinese tourist spend as we lapped last year's dramatic increase. In Europe, our sales grew at a double-digit pace in the quarter, driven by new distribution and positive double-digit comps, excluding Paris, where our business continues to be impacted by weak tourist traffic. Post the Brexit vote, we've actually seen very strong results in the UK, benefiting from the currency weakness and increased traction with the local consumer. In our other directly-operated Asian markets outside of China and Japan, mainly South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia, sales rose low-single-digit in dollars and in constant currency. Finally, I would point out that we're continuing to see disparate results in our international wholesale businesses, which while small, are important to growing brand awareness. For the quarter, our overall sales at POS increased modestly, driven by strong domestic performance, offset in part by relatively weaker tourist location results. On a net sales basis, revenue also increased over the prior year. Now, I will turn it over to Andrea for details on our financial results and guidance for the year ahead. Andrea?
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: Thanks, Victor. Victor and Andre have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our first fiscal quarter results as well as our outlook for fiscal year 2017. Please note the comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results as well as the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. We're pleased with our financial performance in the first quarter, which marks continued progress against our transformation plan and momentum in our business. Our sales increased over the prior year, driven by positive comps in North America and continued growth internationally and despite the strategically positioning of the Coach brand in the promotional North American wholesale channel. Operating margin expanded significantly over prior year once again this quarter, fueled by higher gross margin while we continue to invest in our brands. Taken together, we generated double-digit growth in net income and earnings per share. And our balance sheet remains extremely healthy with a clean inventory position and sufficient cash to support our strategic initiatives, while returning capital to shareholders through our dividend. Now, turning to the details. Coach, Inc.'s net sales totaled $1.04 billion for the first fiscal quarter, an increase of 1% on a reported basis and a decrease of 1% on a constant currency basis, including approximately 150 bps of pressure related to the company's strategic decision to elevate the Coach brand positioning in the North American wholesale channel. Coach brand sales increased 1%, including positive North America comp store sales and continued international growth, as Victor and Andre have discussed. Stuart Weitzman brand sales were essentially even with prior year in Q1, impacted by wholesale shipment timing. To this end and as expected, second quarter-to-date Stuart Weitzman brand sales are up double-digits. Total gross profit totaled $715 million, an increase of 3% versus prior year, while gross margin increased 120 basis points to 68.9%. Coach brand gross profit increased 3% while gross margin increased 120 basis points over prior year to 69.8%, which included about 40 basis points of pressure from currency. By segment, total North America gross margin increased over prior year, including our directly-operated business, where both gross profit dollars and gross profit rate grew over prior year. International segment gross margin increased over prior year, excluding the negative impact of currency. Stuart Weitzman gross profit rose 2%, while gross margin increased approximately 100 basis points over prior year. Total SG&A expenses increased 1%, approximately in line with sales, to $538 million, and represented 51.9% of sales as compared to 51.7% in the year ago period. Coach brand SG&A expenses decreased 1% and represented 51.9% of sales compared to 52.7% in the year ago period, an improvement of 80 basis points. Stuart Weitzman brand SG&A expenses were $45 million, compared to $36 million a year ago due to store occupancy costs and the timing of marketing expenses, as well as the company's strategic investments in team and infrastructure. Coach, Inc. operating income rose 7% to $177 million, while operating margin increased 100 basis points over prior year to 17% even. Coach brand operating income increased 13%, while operating margin increased 200 basis points over prior year to 17.9%. Stuart Weitzman brand operating income of $7 million was down versus prior year based on the timing of net shipments as well as key investments to support long-term multi-category growth, as discussed. Net interest expense was $6 million in the quarter as compared to $7 million in the year ago period. Total net income for the quarter was $126 million compared to $113 million a year ago, with earnings per diluted share of $0.45, up 10% versus prior year. Now moving to global distribution. In total, we closed a net of two Coach brand locations globally in the first quarter to end the period with 952 directly-operated locations worldwide. In addition, we opened two net Stuart Weitzman directly-operated stores to end the quarter with 77 locations. In FY 2017, we continue to expect our Coach brand directly-operated square footage to grow low-single-digits globally. This guidance assumes that Coach brand directly-operated square footage in North America will decline slightly with net store closures in both our retail and outlet channels. Internationally, we expect a mid-single-digit increase in square footage led by significant growth in Europe and a mid-single-digit increase in Mainland China, partially offset by a high-single-digit square footage decline in Japan as well as a modest unit decrease in Hong Kong and Macau. In our other directly-operated business in Asia, we expect a little change in both units and square footage. Closing with Stuart Weitzman distribution, we expect to open five to 10 net new directly-operated locations in fiscal year 2017. Moving on, inventory levels at quarter-end were $547 million compared to ending inventory of $575 million a year ago, a decrease of 5%. Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter was an outflow of $38 million compared to an inflow of $8 million last year. Our CapEx spending was $68 million in Q1 versus $69 million last year. Free cash flow in the quarter was an outflow of $106 million versus an outflow of $61 million in the same period last year. During the quarter, we received approximately $675 million in net proceeds associated with the sale-leaseback of the Hudson Yards building. And, as announced, we used a portion of these proceeds to pay down our term loan of approximately $300 million with no prepayment penalty. As such, our total borrowings outstanding were approximately $600 million at the end of the first fiscal quarter compared to approximately $900 million a year ago. At the end of the fiscal quarter, cash and short-term investments stood at $1.5 billion as compared to $1.3 billion a year ago. As a reminder, we expect to receive net proceeds of approximately $125 million during this fiscal quarter related to the sale of our previous headquarters building on 34th Street. Turning to our capital allocation policy, which has not changed, our first priority is to continue to invest in our brands, as we have a compelling opportunity to drive sustainable growth and value creation and we're putting our capital against this opportunity. Our second priority, strategic acquisitions, is also about growth. While we have nothing planned imminently, we want to have the flexibility to act if and when it's in the best interest of Coach, Inc. and our shareholders. And third, capital returns. We're committed to our dividend and expect our dividends to grow at least in line with prior year's operational net income growth as our transformation gains momentum. As always, underpinning all of these priorities are our guardrails for allocating capital effectively, maintaining strategic flexibility, strong liquidity and access to the capital markets. Now, turning to our outlook for fiscal year 2017 on a non-GAAP 52-week versus 52-week basis, which has not changed, so I'll be brief. We still expect total revenues for Coach, Inc. in fiscal 2017 to increase by low single digits to mid-single digits, including an expected benefit from foreign currency of approximately 100 basis points to 150 basis points based on current exchange rates. This continues to assume a positive low single-digit comp for the Coach brand in North America for the year and in each quarter. As a reminder, we would expect Stuart Weitzman top line variability quarter-to-quarter, given the nature of the business and its high penetration of wholesale. In addition, we are maintaining our operating margin forecast for Coach, Inc. of between 18.5% and 19% for fiscal 2017. This guidance incorporates the negative impact of both Stuart Weitzman and the strategic decision to elevate the Coach brand's positioning in the North American wholesale channel. As an aside, for you modelers out there, we should note that our 2Q will likely include SG&A dollar growth ahead of sales due to the timing of our 75th anniversary celebrations, notably marketing activities surrounding the opening of Fifth Avenue and Regent Street. We continue to expect interest expense to be in the area of $25 million for the year. The full year fiscal 2017 tax rate is still projected at about 28%. And we expect our average weighted diluted shares outstanding for the year to be in the area of 283 million. Taken together, we are projecting double-digit growth in both net income and earnings per diluted share for the year. And we continue to expect CapEx for Coach, Inc. to be in the area of $325 million in FY 2017. In closing, we're very pleased with our performance in the quarter and the consistency of our execution against a volatile backdrop building on the successes we've achieved in our first two years of transformation. Importantly, we continue to expect fiscal 2017 to be the year when we return to growth across all financials, leveraging top line growth and supported by our operational efficiency initiative, which have allowed us to become a more nimble organization. Overall, we remain confident in our ability to drive sustainable and profitable growth for Coach, Inc. over the long-term. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A. And apologies for any technical difficulties that you experienced early in the call. Operator, go ahead and queue up the first question.
Operator: All right. And our first question comes from Mr. Bob Drbul from Guggenheim. Sir, you line is now open.
Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Morning, Bob.
Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC: I don't think you talked about comp by store channel in North America. I was wondering if you could provide some additional color there and specifically on the Internet business in North America?
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Sure. As you know, Bob, we saw our comp of nearly 4% this quarter across channels in bricks and mortar, which is not the strongest comp that we've seen in over three years and I couldn't be happier with our performance across both channels, and as Andrea mentioned with the expansion in gross margin that we saw in our direct business. In retail, the impact is from broader distribution of Coach 1941 that we've been working on over the last couple of quarters especially of course the continued rollout of our store concept as well as the great work being done by our sales associates with the enhanced service experience. In outlets, as we look to engage with the broader consumer, really proud of the level of innovation and the team as the team has been leveraging a lot of inspiration both from our retail stores and as we mentioned even a few very specific outlet specific innovation such as Pac-Man, which has gotten us off to a very good start earlier this quarter and couldn't be more excited by the level of innovation that we have actually, especially in the back half of this year. In terms of your question online, Bob, as you know most of the category uses dotcom as a promotional channel with perpetual sale on their sites. We have a very clear strategy to limit our promotional stance online. We have no 24/7 sale on coach.com. Generally, I can share with you that coach.com retail site demand was similar to our retail stores.
Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone, and congrats on a very solid quarter.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you, Ike.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So pretty impressive Coach brand gross margin performance in the quarter, so congrats there again. Just hoping to dig through that a little more. Maybe, Andrea, specifically could you talk about the North American margin in the quarter, maybe how much of a benefit was there to gross margin from the wholesale repositioning? And then does your outlook for the remainder of the year incorporate any kind of improvement in the outlet margin performance that you've been seeing in the past quarter or so?
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: Sure. So when you look at gross margin in the quarter, for overall, the Coach brand, there were a couple of areas of benefit and a couple of areas of hit. So starting off on channel mix, channel mix was a positive in the quarter to us. Product mix and cost were actually a very large positive, which we in turn returned to consumers in terms of pricing and value. Not a complete offset but a partial offset there. And then in terms of the currency impact, currency was a negative impact in the quarter we talked to about 40 basis points. Interestingly, there was an impact of the yen and that's really about OCI and the yen hedge loss position in the quarter as well as a negative impact in other Asian currencies and on the R&D in terms of the China currency impact. For North America specifically, North America gross margin improved in the quarter for the same reasons that I discussed. I'm sure one of the things you're interested in specifically, our outlet, North America store gross margin was actually up in the quarter, so glad that we were able to take the benefit of lower costs and, as I said, returned some but not all of that to the consumer. We did have a small hit in North America from currency and our guidance for the year does bake in these continued benefits from both AUC, or average unit cost, as well as an overall impact of returning that to the North America retail and outlet consumer in terms of pricing. So a nice balance there, as we move through the year.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks so much. Appreciate all the color. Congrats.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: And our third question on queue comes from David Schick from Consumer Edge Research. Sir, your line is now open.
David A. Schick - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. You talked about macro volatility. Obviously, we hear that a lot. We see it a lot. But could you talk about how the macro volatility you mentioned in your release plays out in the different businesses that you see? How should we think about if macro volatility were to increase going forward, how to expect that to impact the businesses? And then secondarily, the pre-follow-up would be that the category, essentially, categories in which you play have evolved, and so how do you see the different interplay of the categories to define a sort of aggregate category growth? That would be of interest as well, as you've done more in different sort of subcomponents of the categories. Thank you.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. In terms of your question on macro, David, obviously, it's very, very hard to predict. As we know, the geopolitical impacts most recently, whether it be terrorist attacks and where those happened and the impacts that can have, are almost impossible to predict. They do lead, most lead to of course shifts in tourist flows, especially as well as in some markets, even short-term to medium-term impacts on domestic demand. The biggest impacts that we have seen outside of those short-term geopolitical have been mostly currency swings. There has been a lot of talk, of course, about the Chinese tourists, where they're increasing and where they're decreasing. We've seen, with the appreciation of the Japanese yen, decreases in tourist spending in Japan. We've seen pickups in Korea, and, of course, we have seen a pretty strong drop-off in Mainland Europe, but especially in Paris, which is a very important destination. In terms of the categories, we have just, obviously, with the acquisition of Stuart Weitzman, made a bigger bet on footwear. We're excited about the long-term opportunity in that category for us, a $28 billion opportunity. But generally, into the medium-term and long-term, we continue to believe there is no better space to be in fashion than the handbag and accessories space. We're excited about that as an opportunity, of course, not only in developed markets here in our home market, the U.S., Europe, which is really a greenfield opportunity for us. I could not be more excited about the team that we have on the ground there and the great work they're seeing. We're beginning to see decent traction now, especially with the UK domestic consumer and as well in developing markets, of course, where there's still so much of untapped opportunity with growing middle classes globally. So, that's, I hope, answer to your question.
David A. Schick - Consumer Edge Research LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question on queue comes from Erinn Murphy from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thank you. Good morning. I think you guys said in your prepared remarks that the $400 price point with that 50% penetration. Just to clarify, is that full price only, or is that overall Coach, Inc., and then – or Coach brand? And then as you head into the second quarter where gifting is the key focus, how should we think about the penetration rate between that over-$400, the under-$300 price points? And then last, how many stores in North America have the 1941 1941 (53:39)? Thanks.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you, Erinn. We'll let Andre answer that.
Andre Cohen - Coach, Inc.: Morning. So starting with the $400 price bracket, that has grown, as you know, as we mentioned, significantly this quarter. Going into the holiday quarter, we see a continuation of the growth of that $400 price point bracket, but we've also significantly expanded our assortment below $400 with a gifting focus. And we're particularly excited about that. The heritage gifting collection it's called, that's hitting the stores in the days ahead. And we'll give some good balance to the assortment to take advantage of the gifting opportunity. In terms of the distribution of 1941, it's now in our full retail distribution. It's been in full distribution since August, and it's been performing I have to say very well at every level of every tier of store, not only our sort of more top-tier stores.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Yes, so, Erinn, to your first question, it is just in the retail channel, not across both channels, of course. And as Andre mentioned, really excited year-on-year about the heritage gifting, which should probably lead to a decrease in that $500 slightly during the quarter.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Thank you, guys, and best of luck.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question on queue comes from Oliver Chen from Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot. Victor, you've made a lot of progress with the evolution towards the house of fashion design and also the Stuart Weitzman acquisition. As you think about the long-term in terms of what you're creating, what do you think about an American multi-brand house and how you'll think about allocating capital and synergy opportunities as you may or may not create a multi-brand kind of company? And then just curious. There was a lot of great commentary on bringing service back to stores. What are your high level thoughts about what the industry is facing with traffic and how you can continue to motivate the Generation Z and the new generations to come just to come into physical stores at large?
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thanks, Oliver. In terms of the progress that we've made, of course, not only with the Coach brand, but now, of course, as a dual-brand company, I couldn't be more excited about our ability to leverage the knowhow that we have in Coach to support, of course, Stuart Weitzman. Incredibly excited about the new talent that we've recruited to that brand, both the CEO, Wendy Kahn; the Creative Director, Giovanni Morelli, who joins us in the spring; and as we announced today, Daniele Michetti, who joins us as the lead shoe designer reporting into Giovanni. More broadly, in terms of our capital allocation strategy and what could come next, we've been very consistent. We have a tremendous amount of work and opportunity within the Coach brand and the Stuart Weitzman brand. That is our first priority. Our second priority, as you've suggested, is to look at value-additive acquisitions. Of course, we're going to be very selective in acquisitions that allow us to build platforms for long-term growth, that allow us to leverage our global infrastructure and on organizational capabilities and our skill sets, which is obviously building brands and retail management and a terrific supply chain in our core space. Most importantly, we look for great brands. We're not as committed to any specific nationality, so I would keep that in mind.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: 
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: He has a second question, I'm sorry, I've just been reminded, in terms of the physical stores and service. I couldn't be, as I mentioned in my response to Bob's question, happier with what the teams are doing across both retail channels. As you've seen, we've driven a positive 4% comp nearly in our bricks and mortar stores. I believe that it's not one specific channel or one specific action, Oliver, that leads to the positive results. It's about a total brand experience. We're committed to being very active digitally and engaging with the millennial and indeed with the broader consumer that's increasingly engaging online. And we want to provide her with a great experience whether she decides to shop in our stores or online. What we're being very careful about is managing those promotional impressions, especially in the online channel, which we know is global, transparent and can create a tremendous amount of confusion. And, therefore, a lot of the steps that we've taken both in the online channel and as well, I would say, as we have shared repeatedly in the wholesale channel where we're looking to manage our brand more effectively for long-term growth.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot for those comments. Appreciate it.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: Operator, we will take additional questions beyond 9:30 given the technical issues that we had at the beginning of the call.
Operator: And our next question on queue comes from Anna Andreeva from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks. Good morning and congratulations on navigating the environment really well.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thanks, Anna.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: Thank you.
Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): I guess one clarification and one question. First on the flash sales headwind that you experienced during the quarter, has that now been lapped or should we continue seeing some of that going forward? And then secondly on Stuart Weitzman, were operating margins up during the quarter excluding the marketing shift and how do we think about the profitability of this brand for the year? Thanks.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Okay. I'll let Andrea discuss the Stuart Weitzman in a bit. In terms of the eOS, no further comments other than what I've said earlier. And I think the main driver there as we've mentioned is that we're not in a very active recruiting mode. It's a closed database to those that shop in our bricks and mortar stores and that have been in our database. And so therefore we will continue to probably see some shrinkage in eOS go forward.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: In terms of the Stuart Weitzman operating margin, Anna, as you know, gross margin was up during the period on a year-over-year basis and so was the SG&A expense line which actually rose significantly during the period. We've called out part due to marketing expenses but there were also additional items. For example, as you may remember, we bought in the Canadian distributor there. So we had those directly-operated expenses of the Canadian stores that we did not have in the year ago period. We also had higher retail occupancy costs. Just like Coach, but of course it's more magnified for Stuart Weitzman. We have the occupancy of both the Fifth Avenue and Regent Street stores hitting the P&L there in terms of occupancy expense where we have no sales yet. So we had those as well. There were a couple of other items that impacted it but it was not only marketing timing just to keep that in mind.
Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Best of luck, guys.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: For the year, I would say that our operating margin for Stuart Weitzman should be in the realm of where it ended last year. And that is what we had expected when we entered this year.
Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Terrific. Best of luck, guys.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: Go ahead, operator.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question on queue comes from Randy Konik from Jefferies & Company. Sir, your line is now open.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: Yes. Thanks a lot. So I want to just talk to the cyclicality of the margin structure, gross margin, that is, across the channels, because it was very positive to hear what the – it sounded like the gross margin was up in the outlet channel and the strategy has been more about – I think less about just driving units for units or revenues for revenues but driving a healthier, better margin business and being smarter with the promotional cadences and so forth. So can we just get some perspective on where the – just at a high level, where we are in the cyclicality peak trough between the channels? Because it seems to me there'd be a lot more gross margin opportunities still left in the outlet channel. Just wanted to explore that a little further. Thanks.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: Yes. Randy, I think, it's a good question. As you may remember, last year, I believe it was in our January call regarding our second – December quarter. We talked about outlet promotional activity ratcheting up. We saw that in the competitive environment hours ratcheted up as well. So we don't lap that until let's say partway through this second quarter. So we would continue to see that. Now we are experiencing lower average unit cost, higher initial markup, which is allowing us to fund, if you will, and pass that on to the consumer. But we start to lap that, to your point, through the second quarter. I am fresh out of crystal balls right now, and I'm not sure that we're going to see a significant lessening in the environment in the second half of the year. But, presumably over time, we'll be able to actually keep some of those lower average unit costs on the outlet side. One thing I will mention is we are having and will have for the full year a small benefit associated with the reduction of sales in our wholesale channel. So that will help. And, obviously, we're experiencing lower average unit costs on the retail side as well. And we're seeing nice growth in those AURs and ADTs, as Andre talked about. So I think that probably sort of explains what's going on, on the outlet side and what we're looking at for the balance of the year. As you know that we've reiterated our guidance for the year of 69% to 70%.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: My pleasure.
Operator: And our next question on queue comes from Michael Binetti from UBS. Sir, your line is now open.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. Congrats on a nice quarter. Just really quickly, I wanted to touch on the comment that tourism was I guess better or less bad. Could you clarify for me, was that related to the U.S.? I know you made some global comments. But is your sense that tourism's getting better in the U.S. and how meaningful of a change there or so? And then can you help us think about whether the tourism, the outlets – I'm sorry the tourist outlets are getting better? Or maybe if there's any kind of signs of improvement or trend change in the outlets that are largely shopped by domestic customers?
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Okay. I'll let Andre chime in on that.
Andre Cohen - Coach, Inc.: So without going into the details by channel, we did see a slight growth in tourism in the first quarter, a slight decrease in Mainland Chinese tourists to North America, but actually more than offset by other Asian nationalities, particularly Koreans and Japanese.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Great. And then I think you mentioned that the category for premium accessories for men and women was flat, slightly positive. I think in the past you've spoken just on women's. Is there any way you could help us clarify between the two and if you saw a change in women's that would be worth calling out as well?
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: No. No major shift across channels. I mean it's what we've talked about which is basically the fact that the department store impact has been, obviously, a slight drag. And what we have seen, of course, is that all of the major luxury channels, of course, report with men's and women's together. And we've seen a little bit of an uptick with a few specific luxury players that are impacting both, and therefore, consolidate across all brands.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot, guys. Congrats again.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And our last question on queue comes from Mr. Brian Tunick from the Royal Bank of Canada. Sir, your line is now open.
Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. Congrats as well. I guess you guys usually share with us what innings you think maybe we're in. So I was wondering if Victor or Andre could talk really about the factory channel and maybe talk about what inning you guys think we're in from a store remodel perspective, a product development perspective, including the men's growth. And then if you still believe the retail being the halo for factory will take a few more quarters to really set in from a brand perception perspective. Thanks very much.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Well I'm rooting for Cleveland tonight. There is one or two Chicago fans here in the rooms, but of course, Game 6 we're looking for an end this evening. A big Tito fan, given my affiliation with the Red Sox. I will just add that in before I answer your question.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: Oh, my God.
Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: So, to your baseball metaphor I think, obviously, look, if we're looking at the outlet channel, we're still in the very early stages in terms of the rollout of the autumn luxury concept itself. Andre and the team leveraging a lot of the consumer insights work at tweaking that concept for it to be more effective. The major impact that we're seeing in that channel is really from the great level of innovation that Stuart and the team are putting into product, and the overall halo impact of the brand as we continue to speak to the broader consumer more directly. And I think you'll see that pick up in the quarters ahead, specifically for holiday, and even more so as we look at the third and fourth quarters. I would say that from a store perspective, we're maybe in the second innings specifically to your question, from a product perspective maybe we're in the middle innings and of course we don't market to that consumer outside of what happens either in the mall itself or in direct email communication with her so I would say that there we are pretty advanced.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Coach, Inc.: I think we've gone into extra innings here. So, Christina, you want to sum it up?
Christina Colone - Coach, Inc.: Sure. That concludes our Q&A. I will turn it over to Victor Luis for some closing remarks.
Victor Luis - Coach, Inc.: Thank you. Let me just apologize again to all of you for taking a little bit of your time and apologize on behalf of our service provider. Just want to thank you all for joining us this morning, want to again thank and congratulate both the Coach and the Stuart Weitzman teams for their hard work and to the performance that they are driving on behalf of our shareholders in this rather volatile environment. Very excited about the quarters ahead. We have terrific bolt product marketing and wonderful retail experience as planned ahead as we open this quarter in a few weeks both Coach House here in New York as well as in London to cap our 75th anniversary. So, thank you, all, and look forward to chatting live with many of you.
Operator: This does conclude the Coach earnings conference, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-08-09 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Resnick - Global Head, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director Jane Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer Andre Cohen - President North America & Global Marketing
Analysts: Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co. Oliver Chen - Cowen and Company Randal Konik - Jefferies Christian Buss - Credit Suisse Securities Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory
Operator: Good day and welcome to this Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly and annual results are Victor Luis, Coach's Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Coach's CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters of fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations, based upon a number of important factors including risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences, control costs, successfully execute our transformation and operational efficiency initiatives and growth strategies or our ability to achieve intended benefits, cost savings and synergies from the Stuart Weitzman acquisition. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Please note that historical trends may not be indicative of future performance. Also, certain financial information and metrics that will be discussed today will be presented on a non-GAAP basis. These non-GAAP measures exclude certain items related to our transformation plan, operational efficiency plan and Stuart Weitzman acquisition-related charges as well as the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, where noted. The company's sales and earnings per diluted share results have also been presented both including and excluding the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2016. You may identify non-GAAP measures by the terms non-GAAP, constant currency, excluding the impact of foreign currency or excluding the additional week. The company believes that presenting these non-GAAP measures is useful to investors and others in evaluating the company's ongoing operations and financial results against historical performance and in a manner that is consistent with the management's evaluation of the business. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information or metric as well as the related reconciliation on our website, www.coach.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our fourth fiscal quarter and full year 2016 results and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives across markets. Jane Nielsen will continue with details on financial and operational results and our outlook for FY 2017. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Andre Cohen, President, North America and Global marketing; and Todd Kahn, President and Chief Administrative Officer. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. We will then conclude with some brief summary remarks. I'd now like to introduce Victor Luis, Coach's CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press [Audio gap] Good morning, everyone. Sorry for the technical difficulties we had there on the line. We will start with my remarks and then proceed to Jane. And we will extend time at the end for Q&A. Again, apologies for the technical difficulties; I think we're up and running here again. Let me just first thank you, Andrea, again, and welcome, everyone, to our call. As noted in our press release, we are delighted with our strong fourth quarter performance, in which we achieved positive North America comps, for the first time in over three years, and drove increases across key financial metrics. These results capped a year where we returned the Coach brand to growth, while elevating brand perception globally, thereby reaching an important milestone in the transformation journey we laid out over two years ago. Indeed, I could not be more pleased with and proud of our team's execution of the transformation plan over the last two years, as we track to our goals in spite of the significant and unanticipated volatility in tourist spending flows as well as the range of macroeconomic, geopolitical and promotional headwinds. In the quarter, our North American direct businesses accelerated, while we continued to implement strategic actions to elevate our positioning and streamline our distribution in the very promotional department store channel. Our international businesses continued to generate growth, highlighted by double-digit increases in Mainland China and Europe, as well as sales gains in our directly operated businesses in Southeast Asia. Most importantly, we achieved the expected inflection and profitability, as we leveraged our expenses in the growth in our business. Overall, our results give us confidence that the cumulative impact of our actions will continue to drive top and bottom line growth as we enter the new fiscal year. Looking ahead for fiscal 2017, our strategic priorities for the Coach brand include reenergizing our brand and category by continuing to innovate and establish our unique modern luxury positioning. We will continue the brand's elevation through a fuller expression of Coach 1941 in stores and online while driving our Men's business even further across all channels. In addition, we will focus on raising brand awareness and relevance globally through the rollout of flagships in key fashion capitals, while continuing to renovate our existing store base. And in marketing, we will continue to differentiate Coach through a combination of fashion and heritage, distorting investments to key regions and ensuring the message is relevant and increasingly aspirational for the broader market. This will include the relaunch of Coach fragrance with our partner, Interparfums, starting this fall. And for Stuart Weitzman, we will: drive our leadership position in fashion boots during the key winter selling season; continue to diversify our offering outside of boots, by developing iconic styles in pumps, sandals and flats; drive global awareness and brand relevance through impactful marketing in the launch of New York and London flagships; and leverage our new leadership to bring the Stuart Weitzman brand into its next chapter of growth as a multi-category player. Now, moving to our results, during the fourth quarter, as in the preceding quarters of fiscal year 2016, we delivered on our plan across businesses and geographies while continuing to successfully execute our brand transformation across the key consumer touch points of product, stores and marketing. Most generally, we elevated our retail offering globally with the Coach 1941 assortment resonating in our retail stores and top-tier specialty stores, highlighted by iconic silhouettes such as the Saddle Bag and Dinky and new icons such as the Rogue. Also in retail, our Mickey collaboration, launched worldwide in June, was particularly well received, driving significant brand interest and buzz. We continue to transition the fleet into our modern luxury concept, driving comp improvement. Finally, our Heritage marketing campaign, focused on originality and authenticity, highlighted Coach's key competitive differences, separating us from the landscape of both legacy European luxury and American accessible brands. We are also pleased by Stuart Weitzman's performance this quarter, which drove annual results for the brand exceeding our original estimates. During the quarter, we closed on the acquisition of the brand's Canadian distributor, including 14 retail stores which transitioned to direct. We also announced the appointment of Wendy Kahn as Brand President and CEO, who will join Stuart Weitzman from Valentino next month, succeeding Wayne Kulkin who will remain as a consultant supporting our corporate strategic agenda in Footwear. And just today, Stuart Weitzman announced that Giovanni Morelli, currently Leather Goods Design Director of Men's and Women's Non-Apparel categories for LOEWE, will be joining the brand next May, succeeding Founder and Executive Chairman, Stuart Weitzman, who will become Chairman at that time. Giovanni will be reporting to Wendy and brings to the brand a wealth of experience in accessories and footwear design, having worked extensively at Marc Jacobs, Chloé and now LOEWE. Giovanni's unique attention to detail, craft and quality with his global modern sensibility will drive the Stuart Weitzman brand leadership in footwear design, while bringing his rich and varied experience in leather luxury goods to the brand's language. Now, as has been our recent practice, I'd like to share some of the actions we've taken to build momentum across the three key brand pillars of product, stores and marketing; starting with product, where Coach is clearly emerging as a house of modern fashion design. During the fourth quarter, as in the first nine months of the year, virtually all of our retail channel assortment, both men's and women's, were Stuart Vevers' designs. It was the second quarter that included Coach 1941 and emphasized our elevation strategy. Overall, Women's in retail was driven by leather goods and growth in 1941 silhouettes. In our fashion families, the Swagger comped the comp growing in both sales and productivity, and Mercer also contributed to results. We are now focused on two product lines for global retail: Coach New York, our broadest assortment, which includes Essentials and our fashion families; and Coach 1941, our collection runway line, which includes our most elevated handbags as well as Ready-To-Wear, Footwear and other categories. Given success of the collection and consumers' embrace of higher price points, we expect to significantly expand it across our directly operated store network. And by holiday, all of our retail stores will offer a range of 1941 handbags. The key retail strategies we are implementing include: the continued elevation of the assortment with the further rebalancing between Essentials, fashion families and 1941; and a move from 12 to eight deliveries in our retail channel, first, to better align with the fashion calendar, notably with higher-end specialty retail, and also to drive improved productivity in each delivery. This will allow our families to work harder for us for longer. We are also excited to launch our women's fragrance line with Interparfums in the coming weeks and months across Coach retail stores as well as in major department stores, specialty stores and duty-free shops worldwide. The launch will be supported by an extensive integrated marketing and communications campaign, including television spots in September featuring Chloë Grace Moretz. In outlet, Q4 marked the introduction of a new Stuart designed silhouette in two sizes: the Harley, which is performing very well. In addition, Stuart introduced an expanded breadth of novelty prints and styles, like the reversible tote and MINI Bennett. These prints clearly signaled summer and delivered strong story-telling in our stores. Also in the fourth quarter, the consumer response to the men's product expansion to all outlet centers was exceptional. While backpacks continued to be a top performer, we were especially pleased by the performance of men's novelty prints, which underscored that our men's customer is willing to invest in fashion pieces as well as modern classics. Looking ahead in outlet, you will also note a product and pricing architecture similar to retail: starting with our value product, such as the reversible tote; essentials, such as Phoebe; and fashion, including collaborations and sophisticated handbags such as Blake. Pinnacle product also continues to be very important, as our most elevated offering with the highest amounts of novelty. In FY 2017, you will see some standalone disruptive outlet collaborations unique to this channel, such as PAC-MAN this fall. Finally, men's is going to be a major focus in outlet, and we expect it to be over 20% of the business by the end of the fiscal year. On stores, we're continuing to establish our modern luxury concept globally, renovating and opening approximately 165 during the quarter, including 45 renovations and one new modern luxury store in our directly operated North America business. In total, we renovated and opened about 300 modern luxury locations worldwide in FY 2016, taking us to just over 450 modern luxury locations globally across all channels. This is very much in line with our target to end the year with over 400 doors in the new format. Consistent with plan, these renovations have been driving significant inflections from previous trends, and comps which exceed the balance of the fleet in the vast majority of stores around the world. We're especially excited about the ongoing positive comps we're driving in our renovated North America retail stores, including those stores that have now anniversaried their remodels. Of course, transforming our stores is more than just the physical design. It's the experience our store teams provide each and every single day. I am so proud that our mystery shopper scores, our key metrics that demonstrate how well we deliver our unique modern luxury experience, surpassed 80% this quarter. In addition, it's great to see how customers are responding to our new leather services, such as monogramming and leather conditioning, with new services to be introduced throughout 2017. In North American department stores, we renovated over 35 shop-in-shop locations to modern luxury in the fourth quarter. Finally, we have about 40 shop managers in place today and have seen a significant impact versus balance of doors. Separately and as noted in our release, one of our key strategic initiatives in the year ahead will be elevating the Coach brand in the North America wholesale channel. As discussed previously, through 1941, we have already started adding new locations in top-tier specialty in North America and globally. In FY 2017, we will also be rationalizing our department store distribution, taking our door count down by about 25%, or by over 250 locations, as well as reducing markdown allowances to the channel, given the high level of promotions. While we understand that consumers may use department stores for trial and shopping across brands, the high level of promotional impressions created negatively impact our long-term brand health, while generating confusion across channels. As we look towards FY 2017, the last year of our heavy-lifting phase, we will focus on renovating the balance of our targeted store base. By year-end, modern luxury doors will, in aggregate, represent the vast majority of our traffic. I should also note that we are very excited about our global flagship focus in FY 2017, stores which we view very much as key retail and marketing investments for the Coach brand. These flagships include our Coach House on Fifth Avenue and our Regent Street flagship, both opening in time for holiday. We are also excited to announce our first flagship in Italy, opening in Milan by the end of the calendar year on the prestigious Via Montenapoleone. On the marketing front, in the fourth quarter, Mickey was the big news, with a range of impactful and creative executions globally, generating over 950 million impressions. The launch created substantial buzz, with both the most fashion-engaged fans and Coach lapsed customers with our messaging of cool fashion and quality glove-tanned leather. More generally, during the quarter, we remained focused on creating desire for our brand, amplifying our fashion positioning and our 75-year legacy of design innovation, craftsmanship and quality. In FY 2017, we want to enhance brand perception and make the category exciting for her with a singular message that cuts through. Coach's unique modern luxury proposition focusing on leathercraft and Stuart's vision of Coach New York cool, familiar Americana interpreted with a twist from New York's original house of leather design. We will leverage the opening of Coach House on Fifth Avenue as a global anchoring moment and will amplify regionally via openings on Regent Street in London, Via Montenapoleone in Milan and China World in Beijing. As a result of these efforts across all customer touch points, we're seeing continued progress with customers. Importantly, in our North America brand tracking survey fielded in June, we saw strength in our overall brand affinities, while the percentage of customers who viewed Coach as ubiquitous declined versus a year ago. So as our plans unfold and the momentum builds, we're delighted with our progress and proud of all that our team has accomplished to drive Coach's transformation. The Coach brand is very much on its way to evolving from a specialty retailer and accessories brand to a true house of fashion design, defining modern luxury. We're excited to see our creative vision and direction gain traction, and we'll continue to update you on these initiatives as we move forward. Turning now to a discussion on category trends, as we look ahead to FY 2017, there is no doubt that the challenges that existing today affecting the category in specific and consumer spending in general, will persist. The macroeconomic environment is uncertain. Currency crosswinds are affecting tourist flows, and the recent geopolitical events and tragic terrorist attacks are negatively impacting sentiment. As a result, visibility into category growth is limited, as the landscape continues to rapidly shift. This volatility was evident throughout FY 2016 and notably in the most recent quarter, as you've seen in some of the varied results already reported by several brands in our space. Overall, we estimate that the North American premium women's handbag and accessory market grew at a low single-digit in the June quarter, resulting in slight growth for the year. And while men's growth was somewhat faster, given its relatively small penetration to the total, the premium men's and women's handbag and accessories category also grew at a low single-digit rate for the year. Coach's share of the combined market was 16% in FY 2016. While Jane will provide additional details on sales and distribution by geography, we wanted to touch on some current trends and strategies by market. Starting with North America, as you read in our release, for the quarter, our total Coach brand sales rose 9% and our direct business 10% on a dollar basis and 11% in constant currency. Excluding the additional week, total North America sales rose 1%, reflecting the pullback in wholesale shipments, while direct sales rose 2%, driven by the 2% increase in comparable store sales on a 13-week versus 13-week basis. Comp trends in both retail and outlet stores accelerated, while the Internet contributed approximately one percentage point to aggregate comp this quarter. Overall, our aggregate comp was up 2%, led, as expected, by retail, while outlet comp was essentially flat. Higher ticket drove overall comp, while very slight changes in traffic and conversion netted to a flat overall number of transactions. We are especially pleased by the results we are seeing on coach.com, with our fashion launches and unique collaborations, such as Mickey, pointing to increased engagement with the most fashion-engaged online customers. Most importantly, the fourth quarter marked a return to positive North America comp for the first time since the third quarter of 2013, and the seventh sequential improvement since our transformation began two years ago, representing a 26% comp swing since the first quarter of FY 2015. Now, turning to our retail performance and the metrics we traditionally share on product, the above $400 price bracket rose in penetration, saw another positive comp on a sales and unit basis and represented about 40% of handbag sales, up from about 30% last year. As planned, and as discussed back in April, we de-emphasized the entry price gifting assortment since coming out of holiday, and therefore saw a decline in the $300 and below handbag price segment. Turning to event marketing, in FY 2016, we continue to evolve and optimize our events with the goal of further reducing the number of days on promotion. Exiting this year, we are comfortable with the cadence and type of events we're hosting, and don't expect a significant change in the year ahead. Naturally, there may be some tweaks to the dates, type, or duration, but the overall days should be fairly stable, with our first preferred customer event for September anniversarying the prior year. And now, moving on to international, in the fourth quarter, international Coach brand sales rose 15% on a reported basis and 13% on a constant currency basis. For the year, Coach brand's international sales increased 5% in dollars and 9% in constant currency. As noted in our release, the additional week of sales in FY 2016 added approximately $32 million to overall International segment sales. Therefore, excluding the additional week, fourth quarter sales rose 6% in dollars and 5% in constant currency, while full year sales increased 3% in dollars and 7% in constant currency. Turning to details by geography - and please note the comments I'll make will be on a 13-week and 52-week basis. Greater China sales increased 5% in dollars in the quarter, with double-digit growth and positive comparable store sales on the Mainland offset, in part, by continued weakness in Hong Kong and Macau. On a constant currency basis, sales increased 10%. For the year, sales increased 2% in dollars and 5% in constant currency to approximately $605 million, slightly ahead of our most recent guidance of approximately $600 million, despite a further devaluation in the renminbi since our last earnings call. Notably, our constant currency sales growth for the year was consistent with our original expectations provided last August, despite the evolving macroeconomic environment and tourist spending flows, as well as sustained softness in Hong Kong and Macau. Importantly, and despite near-term volatility, we remain optimistic on the prospects for this market over the long term, as the drivers we've consistently mentioned are more relevant than ever and as our China team continues to do an excellent job of building our brand equity in that market. It's important to note that we still see the Chinese consumer as an increasing part of our total business. During the fourth quarter, our global business with the Chinese continued to grow. In addition to strong domestic spending, we experienced growth in other key destinations, including Southeast Asia. This growth was partially offset by declines in travel flows into North America and Europe, notably France, along with continued softness in Hong Kong and Macau. In addition, and as expected, we also saw a decline in Chinese tourist flows into Japan, impacted by currency fluctuations and the anniversary of the dramatic increase in Chinese tourists last spring. To that end, in the fourth quarter, Japan sales were down 5% on a constant currency basis but rose 7% on a dollar basis, reflecting the stronger yen. For the year, sales rose 2% in constant currency and were essentially even with the prior year in dollars, benefiting overall from an increase in PRC tourist flows on an annual basis and a positive response to our new modern luxury positioning from Japanese consumers and tourists alike. In Europe, our brand continues to grow rapidly through new directly operated stores, wholesale locations and comps. Our overarching focus is to build brand awareness with both domestic consumers as well as tourists. In the fourth quarter, our business grew at a double-digit pace, driven by both distribution and comparable store sales. We experienced relative softness in France in the quarter, impacted by weak tourist traffic, as mentioned. Overall, and despite these headwinds, our sales rose 50% to $135 million in fiscal 2016 and exceeded our guidance of $125 million. Over our planning horizon, our goal is to achieve over $0.5 billion in sales at retail, representing a mid-single-digit share of the premium women's and men's bag and accessories market. In our other directly operated Asian markets outside of China and Japan, namely South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia, sales growth in the fourth quarter was solid across the entire region in local currency and rose at a low single-digit rate in dollars. For the year, sales increased high single digits in constant currency, but declined slightly in dollars. Here, too, we remain focused on driving productivity through our transformation initiatives. Finally, I would point out that we're seeing disparate results in our international wholesale businesses, which, while small, are important to growing brand awareness. For the quarter, our overall sales at POS increased modestly, driven by strong growth in those distributor-operated locations focused on the domestic consumer, while travel retail was relatively weak due to the volatility of tourist spending flows globally. On a net sales basis, revenue was down in the quarter due to shipment timing. For the year, both POS and net sales declined slightly, as softness in travel retail offset growth in distributor-run locations targeting domestic customers. In closing, we are encouraged with the momentum of our business and proud of the progress we've made along our transformation journey, elevating the perception of the Coach brand and Coach, Inc. as we've earned increasing acceptance as a house of modern luxury brands. Before handing over to Jane for details of our financial results and guidance for fiscal 2017, I would like to touch on our CFO transition. First, as you know, we announced Jane Nielsen's departure in June, which will become effective later this month following the filing of our 10-K. This will be Jane's last earnings call with Coach. Jane has played an important role as a terrific partner to me and the Coach executive team as we have executed our brand transformation. I speak for the entire team in thanking her and in wishing her every success in her future. At the same time, I could not be prouder of the bench that we have across Finance and especially the leadership role that Andrea Shaw Resnick will play as our Interim CFO until we appoint a permanent successor. You all know Andrea well. She's been an important partner to me and our business in crafting and the communication of our strategies and we'll ensure we don't miss a beat in their execution. I would now like to pass on to Jane. Jane?
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Victor, for those kind words and for the privilege of working at this outstanding company. Victor has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details. Please note, the comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results, as well as the related reconciliation, can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. We are extremely pleased with our performance in the fourth quarter, as we drove increases across the key metrics of sales, operating profit and earnings. We achieved positive comps in North America while continuing to grow our business internationally, and we leveraged this growth with significant improvement in our operating margin for the quarter. The strong fourth quarter capped a year of important financial milestones. In fiscal 2016, we generated overall top line growth for Coach, Inc., while tightly controlling our inventory. We drove a sequential improvement in our North America comps throughout the year, while achieving our revenue targets for Europe and Greater China against a volatile macro backdrop. We continued to invest in our brands, while delivering our margin target for FY 2016, ending the year with an operating margin of over 17%, in line with guidance of high-teens, including a Coach brand gross margin slightly above prior year, excluding the impact of currency. In addition, we successfully integrated the Stuart Weitzman business, which outperformed our original revenue and earnings per share projections for the year. Turning now to the details, before I begin, please note that the results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 included 14 and 53 weeks, respectively, while the same periods in fiscal 2015 included 13 and 52 weeks, respectively. The 53rd week contributed $84 million to 2016 fourth quarter and fiscal year sales, including $77 million in Coach brand revenue and $7 million associated with Stuart Weitzman. The additional week added $0.07 to earnings per diluted share. The following discussion of performance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 includes the 53rd week. Focusing on Coach, Inc., net sales totaled $1.15 billion for the fourth fiscal quarter, an increase of 15% on both a reported and constant currency basis. For the year, net sales totaled $4.49 billion, an increase of 7% on a reported basis and 9% on a constant currency basis from fiscal 2015. Gross profit in the fourth quarter totaled $783 million, an increase of 13%, while gross margin for the quarter was 67.8% compared to 69.0% last year. Gross profit for the year totaled $3.05 billion, an increase of 5%, while gross margin was 68.0% compared to 69.6% in FY 2015. SG&A expenses totaled $608 million in Q4, an increase of 7%, or 52.7% of sales as compared to $566 million or 56.4% in the year-ago period. For the year, SG&A expenses were $2.28 billion, an increase of 7%, and represented 50.7% of sales as compared with 50.8% a year ago. Operating income for the quarter was $175 million, an increase of 39%, while operating margin was 15.1% versus 12.6%. Operating income totaled $777 million in FY 2016, a decrease of 2%, while operating margin was 17.3% versus 18.8% a year ago. Net interest expense was $7 million in the quarter as compared to $6 million in the year-ago period. Net interest expense was $27 million in FY 2016 as compared to $6 million in FY 2015. Net income for the quarter totaled $126 million compared to $85 million a year ago, with earnings per diluted share of $0.45, up 47% versus prior year. Net income for the full year totaled $552 million, an increase of 4%, with earnings per diluted share of $1.98, including a $0.12 contribution from Stuart Weitzman's. Now moving to global distribution, in total, we closed 11 net Coach brand locations globally in the fourth quarter to end the year with 954 directly operated locations worldwide. In addition, we finished FY 2016 with 75 directly operated Stuart Weitzman stores, including 14 locations associated with the acquisition of the Canadian distributor which closed in the fourth quarter. Overall and consistent with our plan, our global Coach brand directly operated square footage rose low single digits for the year, with North America square footage essentially even with prior year and International up mid-single digits. In FY 2017, we expect our Coach brand directly operated square footage to be up low single digits globally. This guidance assumes that Coach brand directly operated square footage in North America will decline slightly with continued net store closures. Internationally, we expect distribution growth to again be led by Europe, where we are planning another year of significant square footage growth, driven by new stores including our flagship on Regent Street. In Greater China, we are projecting a mid-single-digit increase in square footage, driven by net new store openings on the Mainland, partially offset by a modest decline in units in Hong Kong and Macau. In our directly operated businesses in Southeast Asia, we expect little change in both units and square footage, while in Japan, we are planning for additional store closures resulting in a mid-single-digit decline in square footage. Closing with Stuart Weitzman distribution, we expect five to 10 net new directly operated locations in FY 2017. Moving on, inventory levels at the quarter end were $459 million compared to ending inventory of $485 million a year ago, a decrease of 5%. Net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter was $249 million compared to $186 million last year. Free cash flow in the quarter was an inflow of $129 million versus $111 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $120 million versus $75 million. For the full fiscal year 2016, net cash from operating activities was $759 million compared to $937 million a year ago. Free cash flow in the fiscal year 2016 was an inflow of $362 million versus $738 million in the fiscal year 2015. CapEx spending totaled $396 million for the year, including approximately $145 million of CapEx associated with the new headquarters compared to total CapEx of $199 million in FY 2015. At the end of the fiscal year, cash and short-term investments stood at $1.3 billion as compared to $1.5 billion a year ago, and our total borrowings outstanding were approximately $900 million at the end of the fiscal quarter. Turning to Hudson Yards and a discussion of our capital allocation policy, last week, we completed the sale of our interest in 10 Hudson Yards in New York City, resulting in a gain of approximately $30 million. At the same time, we entered into a 20-year lease for the headquarter space at approximately $65 a square foot for the first five years. This transaction is leverage neutral and increases the flexibility of our balance sheet, while, at the same time, securing a long-term lease for our company with minimal net impact to our P&L. As planned following the sale, we paid down approximately $300 million of our term loan, with no prepayment penalty. In addition, we will receive net proceeds of approximately $125 million later this fiscal year related to the sale of our previous headquarters' buildings on 34th Street. We should receive the proceeds within 45 days of vacating the buildings and, therefore, expect receipt during or by the end of the second fiscal quarter. Overall, we are very pleased to monetize our investment in Hudson Yards, where our commitment was key to kicking off the project. Our new headquarters brings both our brands, Coach and Stuart Weitzman, together under one roof in a modern workspace very much reflective of Coach values and sensibility. The transaction was long planned for and there is no resulting change in our capital allocation policy. Our first priority is to continue to invest in our business, as we have a compelling opportunity to drive sustainable growth and value creation, and we're putting our capital against this opportunity. Our second priority, strategic acquisitions, is also about growth. While we have nothing planned imminently, we want to have the flexibility to act, if and when it's in the best interest of Coach, Inc. and our shareholders. And third, capital returns, as I've stated before, we are committed to our dividend and expect our dividend to grow at least in-line with the prior year's operational net income growth, as our transformation gains momentum. To this end, as noted in our press release, the board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.3375 per common share payable in early October, maintaining our annual rate of $1.35. Underpinning all of these priorities are our guardrails for allocating capital effectively; maintaining strategic flexibility, strong liquidity and access to the capital markets. Now, turning to our outlook for fiscal 2017, on a non-GAAP 52-week versus 52-week basis, we expect total revenues for Coach, Inc. in fiscal 2017 to increase by low to mid-single digits, including the expected benefit from foreign currency of approximately 100 to 150 basis points, based on current foreign exchange rates. This continues to assume a positive low single-digit comp for the Coach brand in North America for the year. In addition, we are initiating an operating margin forecast for Coach, Inc. of between 18.5% and 19% for fiscal 2017. This guidance incorporates the negative impact of both Stuart Weitzman and the strategic decision to elevate the Coach brand's positioning in the North America wholesale channel, including the closure of about 25% of doors and a reduction in markdown allowances. Excluding this impact, Coach brand operating margin would be in the area of 20% for fiscal 2017, consistent with prior guidance. Interest expense is expected to be in the area of $25 million for the year, which incorporates the benefit associated with the pay-down of the term loan, as announced. The full year fiscal 2017 tax rate is projected to be about 28%. We expect our weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the year to be in the area of 283 million. Taken together, we are projecting double-digit growth in both net income and earnings per diluted share for the year, and we expect CapEx for Coach, Inc. to be in the area of $325 million in FY 2017. In closing, we are very pleased with our progress to-date. We have a clear strategy and a well-articulated implementation plan for FY 2017, building on the successes we have achieved in our first two years of transformation. Importantly, we expect FY 2017 to be the year when we return to growth across all financials, leveraging top-line growth and supported by our operational efficiency initiatives, which have allowed us to become a more nimble organization. Overall, the strength of our brands, the clarity of our vision and the dedication and proven execution capabilities of our team gives us continued confidence in our ability to drive sustainable and profitable growth for Coach, Inc. over the long term. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Ike Boruchow. Your line is now open.
Ike Boruchow: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on the return to positive comps.
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Ike.
Victor Luis: Thanks, Ike.
Ike Boruchow: So I guess on North America, I think you said the North America outlet comp was essentially flat in the quarter, which I don't think a lot of people expected, given what some other brands have said about tourism and traffic the past quarters or so. I just wanted to ask, what are you assuming is the run rate of that channel for you guys in North America going forward? And then, just a quick one on top of that, given the timing of initiatives and multi-year compares and the choppy environment, should we assume much, if any, North America comp variability or volatility by quarter or by half this year? Thank you very much
Victor Luis: Thanks, Ike. I'll let Andre answer that for you.
Andre Cohen: Morning. So first, we're really pleased with the sequential improvement we've seen in the outlet channel over the last several quarters. It remains a very productive, important channel for Coach, as you know. For FY 2017, going forward, we're really looking at comps in outlet being sort of either side of flat. And over time, as conditions in the market improve, we're hoping to be able to reduce our promotional stance in that channel. Now, as to your second question, we're expecting comps to basically be positive across all quarters for FY 2017. So...
Ike Boruchow: Okay, thank you.
Victor Luis: And, Ike, in terms of your comments on tourists, we have not seen a dramatic shift quarter-to-quarter. In fact, what we have seen is a slight decrease in Chinese, which has been made up by increases in our Japanese and Korean tourists here in the U.S. Overall, global flows have remained pretty consistent to the trends that we have seen in the past: France being negatively impacted, of course, by terrorist attacks; continued softness in Hong Kong and Macau; and now Japan anniversarying, of course, the massive increase last year of PRC tourists. Southeast Asia continues to see tremendous benefits from the PRC tourists.
Ike Boruchow: Got it. Thanks. Congrats again.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Erinn Murphy. Your line is now open.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thanks. Good morning. I was hoping maybe you could dig in a little bit more about the decision to exit 25% of your North American wholesale doors. How should we be thinking about effectively the sales and the margin impact from the strategic pull-back as we look at your fiscal 2017 guidance?
Victor Luis: Morning, Erinn. Jane?
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, so, Erinn, as you think about 2017, essentially our guidance for the Coach brand is essentially unchanged, except for the impact of North America wholesale. When you think about that, we expect that impact to be about a point to sales growth, most notably in Q1. Obviously, it's a high operating margin channel and will flow through to our operating margin. But the most significant impact will be in Q1.
Erinn Murphy: Okay. And then, Jane, I guess, for you, how should we think about gross margin for Coach, Inc. for the full year, given that change as well?
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, so you'll see Coach brand gross margin maintain that 69% to 70% range that we guided to two years ago.
Erinn Murphy: Okay. And if I could just sneak in one more for Victor, just on pricing architecture, you guys have obviously seen a very nice response to 1941 collection. Could you share with us what type of consumer you're seeing in terms of the trade-up? Is it the last consumer? Is it a new consumer? And then, on a full year basis, just how should we think about the product mix in terms of those buckets that you break out, under $300, $300 to $400 and $400-plus? Thank you.
Victor Luis: Sure. We're seeing both current Coach fans engaging well with 1941, lapsed consumers and especially pleased with what we're seeing online, Erinn, as we're getting a younger consumer that maybe has not engaged with Coach and is much fashion-engaged through coach.com engaging with newness as well. And that's especially true at the beginning of the fashion seasons or during special launches, such as we've just experienced with Mickey. And that is the case, of course, in most of our mature markets. Quite different, of course, in developing markets like Europe where we're starting with 1941 as the true first impression that these consumers have of Coach in an increasing way. In terms of how we see the balance, and we discussed in our prepared remarks the balancing of the assortment between, if you will, the essentials, fashion and 1941, we are increasing the presence of 1941 to the whole network, as I discussed. I think that during gifting periods, as has been the case in the past, you will see us, of course, increase that assortment with lower price points taking a larger share of the mix, which would be our plan for this holiday as well. But overall, I think you're going to see us continue to see how high is high as consumers engage incredibly well with the message that we're putting out there and understand both the quality of what 1941 represents, but also the fashion messaging.
Erinn Murphy: Thank you, and congratulations.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our next question comes from Anna Andreeva. Your line is now open.
Anna Andreeva: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning, and congrats to the team.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Anna.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning.
Anna Andreeva: I guess two questions; first, with all the volatility out there, what kind of category results in North America are you guys embedding, either here in the first quarter or for the year? And secondly, a question on e-commerce, now that eOS impact has been lapped and e-commerce is contributing again, remind us about the size of this business. Is profitably higher versus corporate average? And how big do you think this business could ultimately get? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Okay, I'll let Andre discuss e-commerce in a bit. In terms of the category, per our remarks, just given the uncertainty in what's happening in both the macro and geopolitical environment, the trends on tourists, we see that it is difficult to plan an acceleration in the overall category, of course, in the short term. And, in fact, there are, just as we had two years ago, very specific actions in the pull-back of our eOS, which led to some impact on total category growth. I know that many of you are aware that some of our competitors are discussing similar actions at the moment, which will also impact category growth, especially here in North America. I would just add that in terms of our own guidance, we built it bottoms up. It's based on our views on our own distribution growth, our own comp expectations by market and by region, driven by as well our own innovation across product, stores and marketing and what we expect for the Coach brand. Andre, on web?
Andre Cohen: Yes. So web performed really well. It generated about a point of our two points of overall comp growth, both web channels, full price and eOS, performed well. We're seeing, I think as we mentioned earlier, a really much more fashion-engaged consumer engage with the web, particularly when we've got more elevated product, novelty and some of these collaborations like we saw with Mickey. We see that business continuing to grow in line with the balance of Coach going forward, at least in line, I'd say.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, and its profitability gross margin is about in line with the rest of the business, but the operating expenses are obviously advantaged to give it a higher operating income level.
Anna Andreeva: Terrific. Thanks, and best of luck.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our next question comes from Oliver Chen. Your line is now open.
Oliver Chen: Hi. Congrats on solid results, and, Jane, also best regards. We'll miss you.
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Oliver.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Oliver.
Oliver Chen: Victor, on your comments about going from eight to 12 (sic) [12 to eight] (59:05), could you brief us on how that will manifest in terms of which collections do you think will benefit from this increased flow? And how do you just ensure that the store continues to look integrated and tell the right story in terms of the customer reception to that flow? And on the decision on department stores, it would be great if you could just brief us on the strategic rationale and how you'll evaluate making sure that the ones that you're exiting are the right ones for the brand at large? Because it is a category where certain customers still have a lot of loyalty to that channel, so I just want to make sure I understand why that was the right time. Thank you.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Oliver. First on the product flow, you mentioned eight to 12. We mentioned in our notes going from 12 to eight, and we think, of course, that's what you meant, the 12 to eight flow, which is for...
Oliver Chen: Yes.
Victor Luis: It's important to note for full price only. In our outlet channel we continue to drive monthly newness with monthly flows. In our full price channel, we're moving from 12 to eight, and the reasons there are two. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're really wanting to align much more closely with the fashion calendar, as we engage increasingly with top-tier specialty and tier 1 department stores across the world, and wanting to have our launches be much more impactful as we put much more marketing muscle behind them. And the perfect example of that could be a collection such as Mickey, which in the case of Japan is today, still very much being rolled out through special events with key department stores in that market. So it's really about having the newness, such as Rogue and other 1941 bits of the assortment play a more important role for a slightly longer period of time and, therefore, drive more efficiency. And then on wholesale, Andre?
Andre Cohen: Yeah, so in terms of department stores, look, they remain a critical part of our brand-building in North America, so it's an important channel for Coach. We do want that channel to treat the brand in a way that's consistent with the way we're doing it now in retail distribution, direct distribution. And so we're basically exiting: one, lower volume doors, so doors that are below a certain threshold of volume and where we're no longer seeing a Coach consumer shopping; and second, it's a channel that's become very promotional over the last few quarters, as you know, and we have decided that we'd no longer support knock-down allowances to the level we did in the past. So that's going to naturally exclude us from a number of events in that channel, and it will help to return the brand to health along all of its touch points, not just our direct operated distribution, so.
Victor Luis: Yeah, Oliver, I would hate for anyone to believe that we don't have belief, if you will, in the wholesale channel. We have terrific relationships with all of our partners. This is very much a surgical move that is meant to drive the long-term sustainable health of our brand. And we also want to avoid, as I said in my prepared remarks and as Andre has reiterated, that confusion between channels, so a very important move for us.
Oliver Chen: Thanks. The elevation looks great. Best regards.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Oliver.
Operator: And our next question comes from Randy Konik. Your line is now open.
Randal Konik: Great. Thanks. Just want to follow up on the comments around 1941 expansion into all stores, can you kind of give us more specific, I guess, color on what you mean by presence? What kind of SKU count should we expect in the stores? And how do you think about the presentation aspects of it and the marketing aspects around the product? Just kind of get some color on how we should expect things to kind of progress there. And then, just back on the greater than $400 penetration question, I think, was asked earlier, is there any kind of specific kind of threshold where you would see, you know, we should get towards a goal of maybe 50% of the mix is greater than $400 and that would be it, or how should we be thinking about what is the optimal mix from a price point perspective in the assortment? Thanks.
Andre Cohen: In terms of 1941, what we're taking to full store distribution in North America is handbags, so we'll have about 20 SKUs of handbags. Actually, it's already happened in the last week that have hit all the doors. Basically, these are bags that go from Dinky at $300 to Rogue at $800 and above, so we're not taking our ready-to-wear to full distribution at this point. It's a key piece of our brand building. 1941's resonated very strongly with all levels of distributions being put in. And we felt it needed to have a consistent expression of the more elevated brand across the entire fleet in the U.S. and Canada.
Victor Luis: And in terms of a specific target, I would say that we really don't have one. The consumer is going to help us decide that. And it's going to have a very different face seasonally, as I mentioned earlier. During holiday, we'll have, obviously, gifting play a more important role in the assortment. And, therefore, we would expect AURs to be lower. And during seasonal launches, especially at the beginning of each fashion season as we enter increasingly with 1941 into a fashion cycle, you'll see that during periods like March/April, September/October/November, you will have higher AURs play a more important role as the fashion launches play a more important part of our mix.
Operator: And our next question comes from Michael Binetti. Your line is now open.
Victor Luis: Morning, Michael.
Jane Nielsen: Michael? Operator, would you move onto the next, please?
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from Christian Buss. Your line is now open.
Victor Luis: Morning, Christian.
Christian Buss: Yes. Hello. Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the cost disciplines that you're implementing. Where's the progress there, and have you found any incremental areas as you look towards fiscal 2017 and 2018?
Jane Nielsen: We continue to execute against the operational efficiency plan that we outlined in the last quarter, where we focus on becoming a more nimble, agile, less-layered organization. We've made progress against that goal. You saw it show up in our fourth quarter operating margin, as we leveraged top line sales to expand our operating margin. And that is incorporated into our FY 2017 guidance.
Operator: And our last question comes from Dana Telsey. Your line is now open.
Dana Telsey: Good morning, everyone, and nice to see the return to positive comps. Congratulations.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you, Dana.
Victor Luis: Thanks, Dana.
Dana Telsey: As you think about Stuart Weitzman and its contribution this past year, how do you look at Stuart Weitzman in fiscal 2017 and it contribution? And just lastly, the 1941 collection gaining more prominence, what percent of the SKUs should it account for? And is it a higher margin than the core? Thank you.
Victor Luis: In terms of Stuart Weitzman - and I'll let Andre touch on here in North America, specifically 1941. We answered part of that question earlier, Dana. But in terms of Stuart Weitzman, we expect it to grow double digits, which is in line with previous guidance. Of course, it'll be aided by the take-back of the Canada distribution, those 14 direct stores that we touched upon in our prepared remarks. I'm especially excited about everything we're learning about that brand: how it's resonating; the strength of its supply chain; the strength of its international and growing consumer profile; and most importantly, by the wonderful new talent that we're also bringing in that will help this brand over the medium to long term evolve into a broader luxury brand, with a strength, for sure, to come in handbags and accessories as well. In terms of the question on 1941, I'll let Andre just touch on that for you.
Andre Cohen: So it varies by tier of distribution. Obviously, in our top-tier, it's probably about a third of the assortment and down to about a quarter in our more entry-level stores. And that's an evolution. We'll get there over the next couple of quarters.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, Dana, as you think about Stuart Weitzman, especially in the coming year, we do expect a low double-digit growth rate. There is a fair amount of volatility in both sales and profit as you move through the year, given the high mix of its penetration into wholesale.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you. That will conclude the Q&A portion of our call. I'll now turn it back over to Victor Luis for some concluding remarks. Victor?
Victor Luis: Let me first thank you, Andrea, and thank you, Jane, for all of your contributions. I want to close by just congratulating all of our global teams, both in the Coach and Stuart Weitzman brands, for their hard work and dedication in driving not only the development of our brands, but, of course, our business during what has been a very volatile year in the broader environment. I also want to thank all of you on the phone who've been following us, especially over the last 24 months, and have seen the continued unfolding and realization of our creative and business vision. While there's a tremendous amount of uncertainty in the global environment and the category in the short term, I remain incredibly optimistic about the long-term opportunities in our categories, not only handbags but increasingly footwear and outerwear in both developed and developing markets, and the prospects that exists for the world's middle classes. Most of all, I have tremendous faith in our teams and our brands, as we define a new vision for luxury that is based on quality, craftsmanship and a modern fashion sensibility that is both approachable, optimistic and inclusive and represents the best of our New York and American values that resonate so well across the world. Thank you, all.
Operator: This does conclude the Coach earnings conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head, IR & Corporate Communications Victor Luis - CEO Jane Nielsen - CFO Andre Cohen - President, North America
Analysts: Bob Drbul - Nomura Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo David Schick - Consumer Edge Research Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Randy Konik - Jefferies Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co Michael Binetti - UBS Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer
Operator: Welcome to this Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Coach's Chief Executive Officer and Jane Nielsen Coach's CFO. Before we begin we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Feature results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon a number of important factors including risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences, control costs, successfully execute our transformation and operational efficiency initiatives and growth strategies or our ability to achieve intended benefits, cost savings and synergies from the Stuart Weitzman acquisition. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Please note that historical trends may not be indicative of future performs. Also certain financial information and metrics that will be discussed today will be presented on a non-GAAP basis which you may identify by the terms non-GAAP, constant currency, excluding the negative impact of foreign currency or excluding charges associated with financing short-term, purchase accounting adjustments, contingent payments and integration costs. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information or metric as well as the related reconciliation on our website www.coach.com/investors and then viewing the earnings release posted today. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our third fiscal quarter 2016 results and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives across markets. Jane Nielsen will continue with details on financial and operational results for the quarter and our outlook for the business for the balance of the year. Following that we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Andre Cohen, President, North America. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 AM, we will then conclude with some brief summary marks. I would now like to introduce Victor Luis, Coach's, CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning, thank you Andrea and welcome everyone. As noted in our press release we are very pleased with our third-quarter performance which was consistent with our expectations and reflects the return to growth for Coach across the key financial metrics of sales, operating profit and bps. We drove further sequential improvement in North America direct business with both channels strengthening similarly while the Internet also contributed to results this quarter. Our international businesses posted strong growth on a constant currency basis highlighted by double-digit increases in Mainland China and Europe as well as sales gains in Japan and other Asian countries. We were especially gratified by our ability to drive this inflection for the brand against the backdrop of macroeconomic and promotional headwinds and amid volatile tourist flows globally. Overall, our results continue to give us confidence that the cumulative impact of our actions will continue to drive topline growth this fiscal year and positive North American comps in the fourth fiscal quarter.  Importantly, during the third quarter we delivered on our plan across businesses and geographies while continuing to successfully execute our brand transformation across the key consumer touch points of product, stores and marketing. Our elevated Coach 1941assortment resonated in our retail stores globally as well as in key new specialty retail accounts having debuted in Nordstrom Saks Opening Ceremony, Fred Segal and Jeffrey New York as well as Colette in Paris, LUISAVIAROMA, Umeda Hankyu in Japan, Galleria West in Seoul and Lane Crawford in Greater China. In outlet our snoopy fashion vignette was particularly well-received and we will continue to surprise and delight the consumer in this channel with increased levels of innovation. We continue to transition the fleet into our modern luxury concept driving comp improvement. Finally, our new heritage marketing campaign focused on originality and authenticity highlights Coach's key competitive differences separating us from the landscape of both legacy European luxury and American accessible brands. We are also pleased by Stuart Weitzman's results this quarter. As noted in our press release we expect to close on the acquisition of the brands Canadian distributor in the fourth quarter. Longer-term, we continue to believe that Stuart Weitzman has significant potential in the integration to-date reflects our ability to operate as a multi-brand company. And as Jane will discuss in more detail we also announced an operational efficiency plan today focusing on creating a more agile streamlined corporate structure enabling us to be more responsive to rapidly changing business conditions. The plan includes the elimination of over 300 positions worldwide representing about a 10% decrease in global corporate staff or about a 2% reduction in our total workforce. These actions will allow us to emerge as a global brand led company with fewer layers, larger spans of responsibilities and a consistent global voice across merchandising and marketing. To this end, we are promoting two seasoned Coach executives Andre Cohen and Todd Kahn. Andre is being promoted to President, North America and Global Marketing adding North America wholesale as well as global marketing customer experience and digital to his responsibilities. Todd is being promoted to President, Chief Administrative Officer & Secretary and will expand his scope to include IT, supply-chain, global environment and procurement. They are both proven leaders with experience across many aspects of Coach's global business and a well-prepared to address the opportunities ahead of us as we continue to transform. Most importantly, they have consistently delivered results for our brand and company in their respected 8 year tenures. In addition, Diane Mahady has assumed the role of Global Head of Merchandising for the Coach brand. In this Diane will oversee merchandising for the entire Coach portfolio including women's, men's and licensed categories. With these changes Gebhard Rainer, President and Chief Operating Officer and David Duplantis, President, Global Marketing, Digital and Customer Experience will be leaving Coach. I want to take this opportunity to thank both Gebhard and David for their important contributions to the company. Gebhard notably for his work on the successful integration of Stuart Weitzman over the last year and most recently for his leadership in our restructuring and efficiency initiatives. And David who has made significant contributions to Coach over his 18 year tenure and role spanning North America merchandising, e-commerce and digital and global marketing. He was a key player in building Coach into a leading global lifestyle brand establishing our digital footprint in most recently in our brand transformation. The entire Coach team has great admiration and respect for Gebhard and David significant accomplishments and we wish them the best. Now, it has been our recent practice I would like to share some of the actions we've taken to build momentum across the three Coach brand pillars of product, stores and marketing. Starting with product, where Coach is clearly emerging as the house of modern fashion design. During the third quarter as in the first half of the year, essentially all of our retail channel assortment both men's and women's were Stuart Weaver's [ph] designs. It was however the first quarter that included Coach 1941 and emphasized our elevation strategy. This was a pivot from holiday where we distorted the under $300 price point in our gifting assortment. The rouge, saddle and dinky [ph] have all performed well with price points up to $800 and above. The Swagger family which anniversary it's original launch in February 2015, comp to comp with the new Mercer Satchel also contributing to results. Essentials while deemphasized were highlighted by the introductions of the Turnlock Edie, Edie 31 and Prairie. In outlet the offering of Stuart's designs in updates represented over 90% of the assortment with key new styles in women such as the Sierra Satchel, the City Zip Tote and the Mini Bennett performing well along with the Phoebe and Christie groups [ph]. On the men's side a strong group of bags and backpacks drove our business. We also had an exceptional response to the snoopy fashion vignette as mentioned proving that this customer will respond to innovation and novelty. After the success of our first complete runway show in September and the Coach 1941 launch we followed up in February at New York Fashion Week introducing our 1941 fall collection. Once again, it received significant attention from the fashion press as well as top-tier specialty retailers and luxury department stores. On stores, we are continuing to establish our new modern luxury concept stores globally, renovating and opening 40 during the quarter including six renovations and two new modern luxury stores in our directly operated North American business taking us to about 290 across all channels worldwide. We remain on target to end the year at over 400 of our doors including wholesale in the new format. Consistent with plans these renovations have been driving significant inflections from previous trends and comps which exceed the balance of fleet in the vast majority of stores around the world. We are especially excited about the ongoing positive comps we are driving in our renovated North America retail stores including those stores that have now anniversaried there remodels. In North American department stores we renovated eight shop-in-shop locations to modern luxury in the third quarter. Finally, we have about 35 shop managers in place today and have seen a significant impact versus the balance of doors and expect to hire another 15 by the end of the year. On the marketing front, we remain focused on creating desire for our brand amplifying our fashion positioning and our 75 year legacy of design innovation, craftsmanship and quality, building emotional connections with consumers globally. In February we debuted our heritage campaign featuring Coach icons and starting with the saddle bag followed by the dinky bag in March. This global brand campaign is a key vehicle to communicate our authentic history as America's original house of leather with taglines such as, We Got Our Heritage The Old-Fashioned Way, We Inherited It, setting us apart from the direct competitors who are often inspired by our archives. Also position to amplify our brand heritage we are very pleased with the response to our Coach vintage initiative. A collection of highly covered bags for the 1970s and 80s that we've reclaimed masterfully restored and hand embellished by Coach Artisans modernizing them for today in making each a one-of-a-kind. The collection was a big hit during its debut launch at Colette in Paris in December and later saw success at Barneys New York. Our next installations will be available in premium locations in Beijing, Tokyo and Hong Kong with a global online auction completing the initiative later this fall further amplifying our storied heritage and fashion credibility to a cool audience. Our fashion advertising campaign supported the launch of Coach 1941. Focused on the saddlebag and shot by photographers Steven Meisel, it has captured the attention of consumers worldwide through our bold positioning in social, out of home and prints [ph]. And resonating with our broad audience and primarily position through the digital channels, Chloë Grace Moretz and Kid Cudi continue to be the faces of our celebrity campaign. Once again our runway shows we’re highly engaged and amplified through social media with our London Men's Show in January garnering over 150 million impressions and our February New York fashion week show driving over 700 million impressions and ranked number three of the top mentioned hashtags by WWD during New York Fashion Week reflecting the increasing vibrancy of our brand. And our online instashop runway initiative featuring the rouge bag sold out within an hour. On Coach.com, we’re further enhancing our emotional bonds with our visitors through a series of personalization initiatives including the recent introduction of our customizable store repatch. We've also evolved our suite of monogramming initiatives and introduced a feature that allows for adding a charm to bags to making them even more personal. Looking forward to the balance of calendar 2016, we will continue to amplify our fashion positioning while celebrating our 75th anniversary focusing on our distinctive brand proposition. No other American brand in our space can claim the unique combination of heritage and craftsmanship that is our DNA fused with the modern fashion sensibility of Stuart's vision. As a result of these efforts we are seeing continued progress with consumers. Importantly, in our quarterly North America brand tracking survey fielded in March we saw an increase in category drivers as a percentage of Coach consumers and strength in our overall brand affinities. So as our plans unfold and the momentum builds we are delighted with our progress and proud of all that our team has accomplished to drive Coach's transformation. The Coach brand is very much on its way to evolving from a specialty retailer and accessories brand to a true house of fashion design defining modern luxury. We are excited to see our creative vision and direction gain traction and will continue to update you on these initiatives as we move forward. Turning now, to a discussion of category trends. Overall, we estimate that the North America premium women's handbag and accessories market grew at a low single-digit rate in the March quarter. Our quarterly survey also showed a higher handbag purchase intent among the broad premium purchases versus six months ago. Importantly, Coach's sales of women's bags and accessories once again improved sequentially in North America. And of course, as a lifestyle and multi-brand company we also participate in categories outside of women's bags and accessories. Men's which represents about 17% of global net sales on an annual basis posted strong results in the quarter. We continue to believe it is a growth opportunity for the brand and is still forecasting mid-single-digit growth during FY ‘16. Over our planning horizon, we believe men's remains a $1 billion opportunity. In North America, we have tested and intensified men's focus in key stores which entailed increased marketing support and enhanced assortment in a more prominent location in-store. With a strong response from consumers we will be expanding our men's presence in the fourth quarter and specifically we will be rolling out men's to over 25 more retail and 40 more outlet doors. And of course, we also remain focused on building Coach, Inc. market share within the fragmented men's and women's $27 billion global premium footwear category which we estimate will grow at a mid-single-digit pace over our planning horizon. Looking ahead, we see significant growth opportunities for the Stuart Weitzman and Coach brands in this category. While Jane will provide additional details on sales and distribution by geography we wanted to touch on some current trends and strategies by market starting with North America. As you read in our release for the quarter our total Coach brand sales and direct business in North America were up both 1% as reported in 2% in constant currency. In aggregate, we drove another significant improvement in our direct businesses in the third quarter. Comp trends in both retail and outlet stores accelerated while the Internet contributed to aggregate comp as well. Overall, our comp was flat lead as expected by retail including a slightly positive impact of our e-commerce business which contributed less than one percentage point. Higher ticket and higher conversion were offset by a decline in traffic which was hurt in part by the overall weak mall trends. As a reminder, we have now fully anniversaried the pullback in eOS and in preferred customer events which impacted both our coach.com and retail businesses. Therefore, going forward we would expect our online business to move at least in-line with our store trends. Now looking at results sequentially, as planned improvements in both conversion and traffic from the second quarter drove results with tickets still positive. While Easter contributor to our comp, this was offset by a shorter winter sale period which ended about 10 days earlier than last year. Importantly, our performance underscores our confidence in delivering positive North America comp by the fourth quarter. Now turning to our retail performance and the metrics we traditionally share on product. The above $400 price bracket rose in penetration saw another positive comp on a sales and unit basis and reported about 40% of handbag sales up from about 30% last year. The increases showed continued progress of our elevation strategy driving our handbag AUR to over $300 in the quarter for the first time since FY '09. As planned we deemphasize the entry price point gifting assortment coming out of holiday and therefore saw a decline in the 300 and below handbag price segment. And after several years of decline in logo penetration and gains in leather our North America logo business has stabilized at less than 5% in retail and about 25% in our outlet channel similar to the prior year. We will continue to monitor consumer preferences and fine tune this balance as needed. Now on stores, as mentioned, we have been very pleased with the performance of our modern luxury stores particularly in the North America retail channel where comps remain positive with now 67 stores renovated including 15 added in the last nine months. As noted, we are especially excited about the ongoing positive comps we are driving in those stores that have now anniversaried there remodels. In the outlet channel as noted previously, our results have been more mixed and we have not seen the same level of inflection given the newer store base notably in men's standalones. To-date, we have completed 31 outlet renovations including 17 in FY ‘16 and opened a total of seven outlet stores in the new format three in FY ‘15 and four year-to-date. We remain on target to resonate about 60 North American stores this year. In terms of elevating our customer experience this quarter we made significant progress in leveraging our leather services to differentiate the Coach experience and to drive conversion while opening three new craftsmanship bars globally [indiscernible] and Sendai, Japan and King of Prussia in Philadelphia. Turning to event marketing. In FY ‘16 we've continued to evolve and optimize our events with the goal of further reducing the number of days on promotion and as previously mentioned, our plan included two closed or targeted events this fiscal year, the first of which was held in September and the second of which occurred in March consistent with prior years timing. We will also run two shorter duration open sales events over key traffic periods, Black Friday and Mother's Day. We've been encouraged by the behavior of new customers acquired during sales events who subsequently engage in full price purchasing at the same rate as new customers acquired during the non-promotional periods. Looking ahead to spring and summer, in retail we are excited about introducing our first ever pre fall collection rounded [ph] in handbags and ready to wear with new animations and sizes of the best-selling rogue and new novelty platforms and the iconic Coach Dinky and saddlebags. We will continue to implement our elevation in fashion strategy in all doors with additions to the popular swagger family in a rainbow of fun fashion colors and unique colorful exotics. Additionally, we had SKU adds in the Mercer Satchel and market [ph] tote coming in May. Men's trend strength continues into the fourth quarter driven by ongoing traction in leather goods ready-to-wear and footwear with enhanced store placement and marketing distortions. And in June, we will be celebrating our 75th anniversary with a special collaboration with another storied American brand to be announced later this spring. In outlet we are heading into Mother's Day which will feature elevated floral novelty via leather [indiscernible] details and print. Our gift offering is robust including boxed sets, color print in small bags and small leather goods and newness into jewelry. In May, we have launched a rainbow color story aligned with our retail stores featuring some of our strongest new styles that launched in the third quarter including the Sierra Satchel. Just in time for Memorial Day we will reintroduce our reversible toast which was the bestseller during the holiday season. In June, we tell an Americana story featuring an update to our best-selling [indiscernible] print in totes and small bags which are important key drivers for the summer season and we're also excited to roll out men's to all outlet locations anchored by leather backpacks, messenger bags and an assortment of wallets and belts. And now moving on to international, in greater China our third-quarter sales rose 2% in constant currency driven by double-digit growth and positive comps on a the Mainland, Hong Kong and Macau -- on the Mainland, excuse me. Hong Kong and Macau remained weak and continues to be impacted by a dramatic slowdown in inbound tourist traffic notably from the Mainland. At this juncture, with very limited visibility to an evolving macroeconomic environment and tourist spending flows we’re updating our annual forecast to be in the area of $600 million to reflect continued softness in Hong Kong and Macau. Importantly, and despite near-term volatility, we remain optimistic on the prospects for this market over the long term as the drivers we have consistently mentioned are more relevant than ever. It's important to note that we see the Chinese consumers and increasing part of our total business. During the third quarter, our global business with the Chinese continued to grow. Declines in travel flows into North America and Europe notably France, along with continued softness in Hong Kong and Macau were more than offset by strong domestic spending and growth in Chinese tourist spend in other key travel destinations including Japan, Korea and Southeast Asia. To that end, sales in Japan were up 7% on a constant currency basis and 8% on a dollar basis reflecting the strong yen despite a decrease in square footage. Sales again benefited from increased PRC tourist flows and the positive response to our new modern luxury stores from Japanese consumers and tourists alike seemed most notably in conversion in these locations. We would expect some slowdown in the constant currency growth of our Japan business in the fourth quarter as we anniversary the dramatic increase in Chinese tourist last spring. In Europe our brand is continuing to grow rapidly through new directly operated stores, wholesale locations, and comps. Our overarching focus continues to be building the brand awareness with both local domestic consumers as well as tourists. In the third quarter, our business grew at a double-digit pace driven by both distribution and comparable store sales. As many brands have referenced, we did experience relative softness in France in the quarter due to weaker tourist traffic following the tragic terrorist attacks. Overall, and despite these headwinds we are maintaining our FY ‘16 sales outlook of about $125 million. Over our planning horizon our goal is to achieve over a $0.5 billion in sales at retail representing a mid-single-digit share of the premium men's and women's bag and accessory market. In our other directly operated Asian markets outside of China and Japan, namely South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia, sales growth was solid across the entire region and local currency but declined in dollars. Here to we are focused on driving productivity through our transformation initiatives. Finally, I would like to point out that we are seeing disparate results in our international wholesale businesses which while small are important to growing brand awareness. In the third quarter our overall sales at POS increased moderately driven by strong growth in those distributor operated locations focused on the domestic consumer while travel retail blowup [ph] was relatively weaker due to volatility of tourist spending flows globally. On a net sales basis revenue grew modestly in the quarter driven by shipment timing with the second quarter. In closing, we are encouraged with the momentum of our business across all of our regions and the return to growth for the company. Most importantly we are proud of the progress we have made along our transformation journey in the evolving perception of the Coach brand and Coach, Inc. as we move from the specialty retailer to a house of modern luxury brands. Now I'll turn it over to Jane for details of our financial results and guidance for fiscal 2016. Jane?
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Victor, and good morning. Victor has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details. Please note, the comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results corresponding GAAP results as well as the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. Overall, we are very pleased with our performance in the third quarter which marks a return to growth for the company. With an inflection across the key metrics of sales, operating profit and earnings. These results clearly reflect the positive impact of our transformation strategy augmented by the Stuart Weitzman business. Consolidated net sales totaled 1.03 billion for the third fiscal, an increase of 11% versus prior year. On a constant currency basis total sales increased 13% for the period. Net sales for the Coach brand rose 3% in dollars and 4% on a constant currency basis with both the North America and international segment up on a year-over-year basis. Stuart Weitzman brand sales were 79 million in the quarter, total gross profit was 713 million, an increase of 7% compared to the year ago period while gross margin was 69% versus 71.6% last year negatively impacted by foreign currency and the inclusion of Stuart Weitzman in this year's margin. Coach brand gross margin was 69.9% and included approximately 110 basis points of pressure from currency. In terms of trends by segment, North America gross margin declined on a year-over-year basis but to a lesser extent than in the first half of the year as planned. Margin continued to be negatively impacted by increased promotions in the outlet and wholesale channels in response to heightened discounting activity. These decreases were partially offset by the impact of an improved mix of elevated product sales and higher initial markups primarily in our outlet stores. International segment gross margin increased from prior year excluding the negative impact of foreign currency. Stuart Weitzman brand gross margin was 58.2% in the first quarter and pressured overall consolidated gross margin by 90 basis points as expected. Consolidated SG&A expenses were 561 million, an increase of 8% versus prior year. As the percentage of net sales SG&A totaled 54.3% compared to 55.8% in the year ago quarter. Coach brand SG&A expenses increased 1% consistent with expectations and totaled 54.8% as a percentage of sales. Stuart Weitzman SG&A expenses were 39 million or 48.9% of sales. Total operating income for the quarter increased 4% from last year to a 152 million while operating margin was 14.7% versus 15.8%. Operating margin for the Coach brand was 15.1% in the quarter, importantly we were pleased with our margin results in Q3 and are confident in our path to operating margin expansion beginning in the fourth quarter of FY ‘16. Operating margin for the Stuart Weitzman brand was 9.3% and pressured Coach, Inc. consolidated operating margin by 40 basis points in the quarter. Net interest expense was $7 million in the quarter as compared to 1 million in the year ago period. Net income for the quarter totaled a 124 million with earnings per diluted share $0.44, up 24% and 23% versus prior year respectively. This included a contribution of $5 million or $0.02 per share from Stuart Weitzman. The charges under our previously announced transformation plan have totaled 313 million to-date including 9 million in the third quarter as outlined in detail in this morning's press release. We continue to expect to incur the balance of these charges by the end of FY ‘16 primarily related to global store closures and organizational effectiveness bringing the total multiyear charge to about 325 million. Now moving to global distribution, as you know, our overarching focus continues to be re-platforming our stores, elevating brand perception, optimizing our store fleet and opening new locations selectively in key markets. In total, we closed nine net Coach brand locations globally primarily related to store closures in North America as planned. In addition, we opened one Stuart Weitzman directly operated location in the quarter. Looking to the full-year, in FY ‘16 we continue to expect our Coach brand directly operated square footage to be up low single digits globally. This guidance continues to assume that Coach brand square footage in North America will be essentially unchanged. Internationally, distribution growth will be led by Europe and China where we continue to project double-digit increases in square footage. In Japan, we continue to estimate a mid-single-digit decline in square footage as we take a portfolio approach to optimizing our fleet. And in our directly operated businesses in Asia outside of China and Japan we continue to focus on developing our current store base and expect only modest square footage growth this fiscal year. Closing with Stuart Weitzman distribution we continue to expect to open approximately 10 new directly operated locations in FY ‘16. Moving to the balance sheet, inventory levels at quarter end were $464 million including 27 million of inventory associated with Stuart Weitzman. This compared to ending inventory of 457 million for the Coach brand in the year ago period. Therefore, inventory rose 2% on a Coach, Inc. consolidated basis but was down 4% for the Coach brand. Cash and short-term investments stood at 1.3 billion as compared to 2.0 billion a year ago. Given our debt issuance in the third quarter FY ‘15 and the subsequent closure of the Stuart Weitzman acquisition, our total borrowings outstanding were approximately 900 million at the end of the fiscal quarter. As previously shared, we expect to use these proceeds to cover our working capital needs in light of investments in our business and the new corporate headquarters. Net cash from operating activities in the third quarter was 199 million compared to 167 million last year. Free cash flow in the quarter was an inflow of $98 million versus 122 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $101 million versus 45 million in the same quarter a year ago. Now turning to our outlook, as noted in our press release, we are maintaining our overall FY ‘16 guidance for both the Coach and Stuart Weitzman brands. Starting with our outlook for the Coach brand on a standalone 52-week non-GAAP basis for FY ‘16. Coach brand sales are still expected to increase at a low single-digit rate in constant currency in fiscal year 2016. Based on current exchange rates currency headwinds are expected to negatively impact annual revenue growth by 225 to 250 basis points. We are still projecting a low single-digit aggregate comp decline in North America in FY ‘16 while reaching positive comps in the fourth quarter. Gross margin for the Coach brand is still projected to be in the range of last year's margin of about 69.5% on a constant currency basis with negative foreign currency effects expected to impact gross margin by 90 to a 100 basis points. SG&A expenses net of savings are still expected to grow at a low single-digit rate in constant currency while growth is expected to be roughly flat in dollars. We continue to expect at least 50 million in incremental cost savings from our previously announced transformation initiatives. This guidance also includes the expected small positive impact from savings related to the operational efficiency initiatives as outlined in today's press release. Taken together, operating margin is still projected to be in the mid to high teens. Interest expense for the year is estimated to be in the area of 30 million and finally our tax rate is still expected to be in the area of 28% for the year. The expected rate reduction on a year-over-year basis is primarily attributable to the geographical mix of earnings, the ongoing benefit of available foreign tax credits, the anticipated closure of certain audits and the expiration of statutes in 2016. In addition, we are continuing to forecast Stuart Weitzman brand sales to be in the area of 340 million on a dollar basis for fiscal 2016, an increase of about 10% from FY ‘15 driving Coach, Inc. consolidated revenue growth to high single digits on a constant currency basis and adding about $0.12 to earnings per diluted share excluding charges associated with financing, short-term purchase accounting adjustments, contingent payments and integration costs. Keep in mind, we continue to project a negative impact of about 70 basis points and 20 basis points on a consolidated gross margin and operating margin respectively from the inclusion of Stuart Weitzman given the margin profile of the business. As mentioned, we are also excited to announce the purchase of Stuart Weitzman's Canadian distributor which is expected to close in Q4 and have an immaterial impact on this year's results. As a reminder, fiscal 2016 will include a 53rd week in our fiscal fourth quarter which is expected to contribute approximately 75 million to 80 million incremental revenue and $0.06 in earnings per diluted share on a non-GAAP basis. We expect CapEx for FY ‘16 for Coach, Inc, to be the area of $250 million excluding the capital cost associated with the new headquarters which are expected to be approximately 175 million in FY ‘16. Before concluding, I did want to provide you with an update on the status of our investment and our new headquarters building at Hudson Yard. As you know, together with our partner related companies we are exploring options to sell our interest in the Hudson Yard's joint venture while securing our future need for space by entering into a long-term lease there. It remains unlikely that any sale of our interest or other transaction would close prior to our fiscal year end. Importantly, our capital allocation policy remains unchanged and over the next few years our first priority is to continue to invest in our business as we have a compelling opportunity to drive sustainable growth and value creation and we are putting our capital against this opportunity. Our second priority, strategic acquisitions is also about growth, while we have nothing planned imminently, we want to have the flexibility to act if and when it's in the best interest of Coach, Inc. and our shareholders. And third, capital returns. As I’ve stated before, we are committed to our dividend and expect our dividends to grow at least in-line with net income growth as our transformation takes hold. Underpinning all three of these priorities, our guardrails for allocating capital effectively, maintaining strategic sensibility, strong liquidity and access to the capital markets. In closing, we are very pleased with our progress to-date. Our third-quarter results mark the return to topline operating profit and earnings growth and underscore our ability to drive sustainable growth for the Coach brand and Coach, Inc. To this end, we continue to expect FY ‘17 to be the year when Coach brand returns to growth across all financial metrics leveraging topline growth that is expected to be in-line with the category. We remain committed to driving process improvements to be a more agile, focused and effective organization while also creating the flexibility to pursue our creative vision and drive growth across our brand. In support of this goal and as Victor mentioned, today we announced a series of operational efficiency initiatives focused on creating an agile and scalable business model. In aggregate, we expect to incur pretax charges associated with these actions of approximately $65 million to $80 million which will be reflected beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. It will be substantially complete by the end of fiscal 2017. The significant majority of these charges will be recorded in SG&A expenses. Importantly, combined with other key measures previously implemented under our transformation plan, these initiatives are expected to enable us to reach our previously stated goal of about a 20% operating margin for the Coach brand in fiscal year 2017 despite increased category and macroeconomic uncertainty and while continuing to invest in our growth strategies. With that, I would now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul. Sir, you may ask your question.
Bob Drbul: I’ve a two-part question on sales really. Given that you mentioned January was impacted by the shorter winter sale and your accomplish [indiscernible] for the quarter, wouldn’t that suggest that you are already running a positive comp for the last two months February and March? And the second part of it is, taking it one step further when you think about your guidance for the positive North American comp in the fourth quarter, would that suggest you’re running a positive comp right now as well?
Victor Luis: Thanks for the question, Bob, it's certainly hard to argue with the math and I think that you can certainly safely assume that we did indeed have positive comps in February and March as you suggest. In terms of the fourth quarter, look we still have a couple of months ahead of us but certainly is a team we remain confident in our guidance of positive North America comps for the quarter?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open. 
Ike Boruchow: So I guess Bob took sales I'll take margin. So I just wanted to dig into the fiscal '17 margin comment about 20% for the Coach brand so that's pretty impressive step up from what looks like will be something around 17% to 18% this year. Can you just kind of walk us through the drivers there? Maybe bucket the biggest opportunities as you see it and conversely what you think are the biggest headwinds you face on the margin front as you get into next fiscal year?
Jane Nielsen: Sure, you know, as we've stated our operating margin guidance for fiscal FY ‘17 is really premised on the return to growth in-line with the category of the Coach brand. We now expect the category to be in the low to mid-single-digit range, a very stable growth margin on a constant currency basis of 69% to 70%. So stable gross margin, top line growth and then we will leverage SG&A to get to the operating margin expansion that leverage SG&A fully incorporates what we called out in our original transformation plan which was the restructuring actions that we will conclude with this fiscal year and a small benefit from the operational efficiency initiatives that we announced today.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Schick of Consumer Edge Research. Your line is now open. 
David Schick: So I'll go back to sales on a longer-term basis. You talked about e-commerce impacting the comp positively and also you talked about the net effects of the Chinese consumer in different markets. Could you talk about how to think about e-commerce impacting your, over the long-term you know going forward and again, sort of on a net basis what's the right way to think about the longer-term trend in the Chinese tourist impacting all these different markets?
Victor Luis: Sure, in terms of e-comp we have now of course anniversaried all of this eOS pullback so we would expect it to grow at least in-line with what is happening in our store network. Of course look, the consumers are continuing to shift online so I will not be surprised if it is growing at a slightly faster pace than the store network from here on out now that we have comped all of the pullback. In terms of the Chinese consumer and the excitement, look, first and foremost, the long-term opportunity with the Chinese consumers is as present as ever. I could not be more excited about what we're seeing in terms of even government policies still focused on domestic consumption, the infrastructure continued to develop in the mainland which is obviously helping domestic consumption as well, as well as the continued traction that our team is driving for the brand there and it's absolutely vital of course because relevance on the Mainland will mean relevance wherever the Chinese consumer chooses to shop as they travel globally. Today what we are seeing most recently as I mentioned earlier is of course the impact of the terrorist attacks in France and specifically in Paris having a direct negative impact on Chinese tourists flows there, we’re seeing slightly negative flows here into the U.S. as well of course as continued negative flows into Hong Kong and Macau. That is one area where we thought in the fourth quarter we would have seen ourselves comping the fall from last year and we have not. But that's more than being offset by the very strong growth that we have continued to see in Japan, Korea and increasingly in Southeast Asia and although many of those markets are distributor run, we’re very excited by what we’re seeing in Thailand and in Australia as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Erinn Murphy: I wanted to focus on the outlets actually. I realized that they are lagging the full price in part on plan but maybe speak a little bit more about some of the initiatives you're working on to close the gap in performance between full pricing whether you can expound upon the upcoming [indiscernible] that you have in this channel and any tweaks that you're making now to the remodel strategies you’ve gone deeper into that? Thank you.
Andre Cohen : Well first let me start by saying both channels actually improved on a similar rate sequentially so we are pleased with the performance both in retail and in outlet. We had always said that retail was going to lead so the retail performance in absolute terms is slightly ahead of outlets. Basically a couple of main areas we've been working on in outlets specifically one is design and innovation. We've realized through the vignette I think Victor mentioned in his prepared remarks on snoopy that when you have got real innovation and emotion it trumps price. It was successful and it's something that we are planning to replicate over the next few quarters both in terms of these one-off sort of we call them play concepts and more generally in terms of putting more design and innovation in the outlet channel. In terms of the modern luxury renovations, they have not been as successful as in retail. We've not moved the needle that much, that said we have got a number of learnings that we are currently addressing. We have used our Woodburry common store as a pilot where we have done things such as moving more product to the floor. We’ve realized that when there is too much product on the wall, not enough on the floor it effects impedes conversion. We've fragmented the store a bit too much so you don't get a sort of 360 view when you enter the store etcetera. So loads of small operational improvements. The positive news is that in Woodburry when we started these tweaks about two or three months ago we have seen an improvement in the control of the metrics conversion in ADT, so good learnings and we're going to keep implementing them throughout the chain.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Randy Konik of Jefferies. Your line is now open. 
Randy Konik: I guess just back on the outlets. You’ve done a great job on the full price channel getting rid of those promotions and moving to a more full price higher average ticket business. You talked a little bit about, just a little bit about the increased promotions and outlet wholesale. Can you give us some perspective on what inning we are in their where you can potentially maybe walk a little away from those promotions? And just a little more flavor there will be very helpful. Thank you.
Victor Luis: I will let Andre start with outlets and then I'll take the wholesale channel.
Andre Cohen: Sure, so we have certainly seen the environment become more competitive in outlet generally over the past couple of quarters. Traffic has continued to drop and competitive intensity has increased. So we have been pragmatic in dealing with that. We have been promotional where we had to be, we have pulled up where we could. Going forward again the plan is to innovate more to just have a high content of newness, innovation and more emotional play concepts to offset the price pressures we have seen over the last couple of quarters.
Victor Luis: In terms of the wholesale channel, look, I think all of you who traveled to the department store world where we are present in North America obviously very aware of the environment. You may also follow a lot of the brand trackers that are out there in terms of sales to understand what is happening with promotions and AUR in that channel and I would say that we are in the very early inning there of our transformation. As many of you know, we've invested now and I just mentioned in my prepared remarks in 12 locations in the new concept, that's out of a thousand that we have across North America. We are investing in the shop manager program for the Top 50 locations by the end of this fiscal year and in both of those cases we are seeing a inflection versus the rest of the fleet. In addition of course, we have made very significant progress in our penetration with the Tier 1 department stores with 1941 while also pulling back on those Coach specific promotional days. Irrespective of all of that, the absolute number of chain wide sale days continues to be an issue in that channel and we continue as a team to have discussions with our partners about a couple of areas. One, first and foremost is the potential for the pull back on all our promotions which would include our exclusion and cooperation with our partners from the bulk of storewide event and quite frankly we are also looking at potentially exiting lower volume doors going forward. So these are considerations we are taking right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Oliver Chen of Cowen & Co. Your line is now open. 
Oliver Chen: Regarding inventories, our question is regarding inventories and what are the thoughts regarding the next few quarters in holiday in terms of the context of the handbag sector and the promotional environment? And also in context of how you are thinking about how you will bucket prices with the 300 below versus the above 400 mix? Thanks.
Victor Luis: I'll let Andre start with first and foremost the bucketing strategy and dealing with seasonality in that area and then Jane will take total inventories.
Andre Cohen: Yes, so as you know for Q2 our holiday quarter we had beefed up our gifting assortment to be able to just offer a wide range of prices and that strategy worked well. Coming out of Q2, we focused on our elevation strategy with 1941 launching across the bulk of the chain. We have seen a significant improvement in our $400 and above price point. It's now 40% of the business. Overall our AUR handbags have actually record high of $300, that’s the highest we have been in handbags since fiscal '09. So the elevation strategy is working. Obviously as we get into the more holiday periods we will flex with again with a wider gifting assortment at a wide range of price points.
Jane Nielsen: Oliver, if you look at inventory, as it's been our case, we always look to match inventory roughly in-line with our sales growth outlet. So I think you'll start to see inventories and very modest growth in the fourth quarter and moving into FY ‘17 is very much in line with our sales outlook and expectations.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti of UBS. Your line is now open. 
Michael Binetti: I know there been a few questions on the outlets. If I could just -- I guess I was just thinking a little bit more broadly about North America brand sales. As we think about your guidance next year Jane for low to mid-single digits North America comp growth roughly in line with category, I guess by channel you sound clearly more comfortable with the sustainability of what you are seeing in full price. Do the outlets in your mind need to be positive to deliver that kind of low to mid -singles on a sustainable basis for the blended comp? And if so maybe just a few comments on what you're seeing that gives you confidence that the outlet channel contributes you know at the positive level in the next year.
Jane Nielsen: So I just want to clarify that our guidance just to be specific is for North America would be our growth and globally in line with the category which we now see to be low to mid-single digits as is our custom will come back with more specific guidance in Q4, but what we've seen is a sequential improvement in both channels they improved this quarter similarly and we would expect to see continued improvement as we move into FY ‘17.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Anna Andreeva of Oppenheimer. Your line is now open. 
Anna Andreeva: We are hoping to talk about the initial CapEx expectations in '17. As the headquarter investment rolls off, how should we think about the free cash flow generation in the business and as we think about priorities for cash could we I guess expect a dividend increase as net income is inflicting now? And just quickly follow up on what sounds like positive quarter to-date comp are you seeing improvement in the outlet channel as well? Thanks so much.
Jane Nielsen: So why don’t I take the cash flow and dividend and then I will turn it over to Andre on the outlet channel. So as our net income growth and we complete the buildout of our headquarter building you will see a corresponding cash flow growth as we move into FY ‘17 as expected. Our dividends is really a part of our priorities for cash and our priorities for cash are really unchanged. First and foremost, investing in the organic growth of our business. Second priority being M&A value creating acquisitions. As I said, nothing eminent but we want to remain open and flexible should we find something that we believe will create long-term value for Coach, Inc. in our shareholders and then finally is the return of capital to shareholders with our commitment to the dividend. We look at our dividend annually with our Board in August as we talked about in April 2014. We will look at the dividend in August that coincides with our year-end results and outlook for the following year and make a determination at that time.
Andre Cohen: In terms of just the fourth quarter, we’re left unplanned with -- we're still working towards a positive comp for the quarter. We've seen all the indicators that we saw at the end of the third quarter, still maintaining the momentum and we’re on plan, I'm not sure what -- all I can say at this point.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you. That will conclude our Q&A as we are now past 9:30 and the market has opened. I will now turn it over to Victor for some concluding remarks. Victor?
Victor Luis: Thank you Andrea. Let me just thank everybody for joining us. A very important quarter for us this past third quarter as it marks a return to growth for the Coach brand. I could not be more excited with the momentum in our business and as a team, we are obviously very proud of the evolving perception not only of the Coach brand but up Coach, Inc. and our impact in the marketplace. The positive impact of our brand transformation augmented by of course Stuart Weitzman is clearly reflected in the overall financial performance with terrific inflection across all of our key metrics with sales, profit and earnings growth for the first time since the fourth quarter of '13. The turnaround of course that we've achieved to-date underscores our confidence in driving sustainable and profitable growth for Coach, Inc. over the long term and I could not be prouder of our entire team for the work and commitment that they have put in to driving our brand and the passion that they are showing to win in the marketplace. Thank you, all.
Operator: This does conclude today's Coach, Inc earnings conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-01-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director Andre Cohen - President, North America Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) David Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good day and welcome to this Coach Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Coach's Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Coach's CFO. Andre Cohen, President, North America, is also joining us. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon a number of important factors, including risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences, control costs, successfully execute our transformation initiatives and growth strategies, or our ability to achieve intended benefits, cost savings and synergies from the Stuart Weitzman acquisition. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Please note that historical trends may not be indicative of future performance. Also, certain financial information and metrics that will be discussed today will be presented on a non-GAAP basis, which you may identify by the terms non-GAAP, constant currency, excluding the negative impact of foreign currency, or excluding charges associated with the financing short-term purchase accounting adjustments, contingent payments and integration costs. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information or metric as well as the related reconciliation on our website, www.coach.com/investors, and then viewing the earnings release posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2016 milestones and learnings, and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives. Andre Cohen will discuss our North America business in more detail. Jane Nielsen will follow with details on financial and operational results for the quarter, along with our outlook for the balance of FY 2016. After that, we will hold a question-and-answer session. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Victor will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I'd now like to introduce Victor Luis, Coach's CEO.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, we are very pleased with our second quarter performance, which was consistent with our expectations and reflects the most significant progress to-date on our transformation plan, despite the difficult retail environment globally. We drove further sequential improvement in our North America bricks and mortar business, led, as expected, by our retail stores, while our outlet store channel also strengthened against the backdrop of lower tourist traffic and a highly promotional environment. Our international businesses posted strong growth on a constant currency basis, highlighted by double-digit increases in Europe and Mainland China as well as sales gains in Japan. Overall, our results continue to give us confidence that the cumulative impact of our actions will result in the return to top-line growth this fiscal year and positive North American comps by our fourth fiscal quarter. Importantly, during the holiday period, we delivered on our plan across businesses and geographies while continuing to successfully execute our brand transformation across the key consumer touch points of product, stores and marketing. Our broader gifting assortment resonated with our customers globally across all price points and in all channels. We continued to transition more of the fleet into our modern luxury concept with a significant increase in remodels prior to holiday, driving results globally and the continued positive comps in the North American retail stores which have been renovated. Finally, our holiday marketing struck a fine balance between fashion and bolder, more relatable gifting messages. We are also excited about Stuart Weitzman's results during the quarter, which exceeded expectations. Boots, in particular, sold well, notably in domestic retail stores and in spite of the unseasonably warm weather. Stuart Weitzman's strong outperformance against the category clearly reflected the brand's strong development of fashionable trend-right product as well as its growing relevance with increasing numbers of consumers globally. We are also excited to see Stuart Weitzman continue to gain traction internationally, notably in Asia where the brand is still nascent but has significant long-term potential. Importantly, we are effectively integrating Stuart Weitzman into Coach, Inc. while continuing to successfully execute the Coach brand transformation. Since acquisition, we've strengthened the Stuart Weitzman team by bringing in new talent. Specifically, we've recruited a new chief merchant while also leveraging Coach leaders and handbag specialists in product development roles and in senior finance and human resources positions. Now, as have been our recent practice, I'd like to share some of the actions we've taken to build momentum across our three key brand pillars of product, stores and marketing, starting with product, where Coach is clearly emerging as a house of modern fashion design. During the second quarter, as in Q1, essentially all of our retail stores' offering, both men's and women's, were Stuart Vevers' designs. Handbags continued to be driven by the Swagger family, with the Nomad Hobo also a key bestseller for the season. Essentials, including the Edie shoulder bag group, the Prairie Satchel and the Turnlock Tote were also great gifts at key price points. And our gift box program resonated globally. In outlet, we continued to increase the offering of Stuart's designs and updates, representing about 90% of the assortment with key new styles, such as Blake launched in late Q1, and the reimagined Phoebe and Christie groups in women's, as well as a strong group of backpacks driving our men's business. Our gift box program, where we distorted investment, also was very successful. In the wake of our first complete runway show in September, our new Coach 1941 collection received significant attention from top tier specialty retailers and luxury department stores. The collection will debut next month in Saks, Nordstrom's, Opening Ceremony, Fred Segal and Jeffrey New York, as well as Colette in Paris, LUISAVIAROMA, Umeda Hankyu in Japan, Galleria West in Seoul and Lane Crawford in Greater China. Of course, it will also be available at select Coach retail flagships globally, with all stores receiving the iconic Saddle Bag, which arrived earlier this month and was the buy-now feature of our September fashion show. We also just presented at London Collection Men's the overwhelmingly positive reviews from both the editorial and retail communities. Naturally, we're thrilled by the attention that Stuart's collections are generating and see it as a clear vote of confidence for our strategic and creative direction. On stores, we're continuing to establish our new Modern Luxury concept stores globally, renovating and opening over 65 during the quarter, including 24 renovations and two new Modern Luxury stores in our directly-operated North American business, taking us to about 250 across all channels worldwide. We remain on target to end the year at 40% of our doors in the new format. Consistent with plan, these renovations have been driving significant inflections from previous trends in comps, which exceeded the balance of the fleet in the vast majority of stores around the world. We've also seen our new retail and outlet Modern Luxury stores meeting or exceeding their targets in aggregate. In North American department stores, we completed six additional case-line conversions, renovated four shop-in-shop locations to Modern Luxury in 2Q, and added four Modern Luxury shops. Finally, we have about 30 shop managers in place today and have seen a significant impact versus balance of chain and expect to hire another 20 by the end of the year. On the marketing front, we remain focused on creating desire for our brands and building emotional connections with consumers globally. During the holiday season, we were decidedly more fun and festive in our marketing approach, including a lighthearted holiday film with the tagline #GiveCoachOrElse, which aired on network television in the U.S., a first for the brand, and globally on our brand websites and social media platforms, driving over 135 million impressions worldwide. And our popular Coach Pups campaign brought smiles to consumers' faces. Looking forward to the first half of calendar 2016, we will begin to celebrate our 75th anniversary, focusing on our distinctive brand proposition. No other American brand in our space can claim the unique combination of heritage and craftsmanship that is our DNA, fused with the modern fashion sensibility of Stuart's vision. Next month, we will debut our Heritage campaign, featuring Coach icons and starting with the recently launched Saddle Bag. The global brand campaign is a key vehicle to communicate our authentic history as America's original house of leather. We're also excited about our Coach Vintage initiative, a highly-coveted collection of four of our most iconic bags that we've reclaimed, masterfully restored, and hand-embellished by artisans, modernizing them for today. The collection has been curated for sale in premium channels worldwide including Colette in Paris and Barneys in New York and Los Angeles. We will also feature installations in Tokyo, Shanghai, and Beijing, as well as a global online auction. You can learn more about Coach Vintage on coach.com, where we have an environment dedicated to several of our 75th anniversary initiatives. In the digital arena, we launched e-commerce in the UK early in the quarter and drove over 0.5 million visits to the site during the period. In the U.S., we continued to gain traction through mobile devices, which represents over half of our online visits. And for holiday, we launched enhancements to coach.com, with personalized e-gifting, where customers sent Coach products as digital gifts. And as we increased our positive brand impressions, we continued to reduce the number of eOS events from prior year, and are now at our planned sustainable cadence of about two events a month or six to seven a quarter. As a result of these efforts, we have seen continued progress with consumers in our quarterly North America brand-tracking survey, fielded in December. Importantly, our overall brand affinities remain strong with consumers. And this quarter, we were particularly pleased to see notable improvement among category drivers in the high quality and unique attributes compared to six months ago, which we believe is a direct reflection of the investments we have put into the make of our product. So, as our plans unfold and we continue to show steady improvement, we are very pleased and extremely proud of all that our team has accomplished during the past three seasons to drive Coach's transformation. The Coach brand is very much on its way to evolving from an accessible luxury handbag and accessories brand to one of the most relevant modern luxury brands in fashion. We're excited to see our vision and direction take hold and we'll continue to update you on these initiatives as we move forward. Turning now to a discussion of category trends, overall, we estimate that the North American premium women's handbag and accessories market was essentially flat in the December quarter, with unit growth still quite positive, offset by lower AURs given the heightened levels of promotional activity. Importantly, against this backdrop, Coach's sales of women's bags and accessories, while still negative, once again improved sequentially in North America. And, of course, as a lifestyle and multi-brand company, we also participate in categories outside of women's bags and accessories. Men's, which represents about 17% of our global net sales, posted strong results in the quarter. We continue to believe it is a growth opportunity for the brand and are still forecasting mid single-digit growth during FY 2016. Over our planning horizon, we believe men's remains a $1 billion opportunity. We also recently brought our men's footwear in-house, including production management, where we were previously only doing design. While the business is still in its infancy, we have been very pleased with our initial results. And, of course, we also remain focused on building Coach, Inc.'s market share within the fragmented men's and women's $27 billion global premium footwear category, which we estimate will grow at mid-single-digit pace over our planning horizon. Looking ahead, we see significant growth opportunities for the Stuart Weitzman and Coach brands in this category. While Jane will provide additional details on sales and distribution by geography, we wanted to touch on some current trends and strategies by market. So I'll turn it over to Andre for a discussion of North America.
Andre Cohen - President, North America: Thanks, Victor. As you read in our release for the quarter, our total Coach brand sales in North America were down 7% as reported and 6% in constant currency. Our Direct business, excluding wholesale, was also down 7% as reported and 6% in constant currency. In aggregate and as targeted, we drove a significant inflection in our business this holiday, led by retail. Comp trends also improved in our outlet stores, with record Black Friday weekend sales. Overall, our total store comp was down 3% year-over-year, with high ticket offset by lower conversion and a decline in traffic, which was hurt in part by the overall weak mall trends. Our total comp was pressured an additional point by eOS, as we pulled back from 10 events in last year's second quarter to seven in total. Now looking at results sequentially, as planned, an improvement in conversion drove the inflection in comp as our initiatives across product, stores, and marketing built momentum. Our in-store traffic trends also improved on a sequential basis, despite a significant worsening in overall mall traffic. Against this backdrop of deteriorating traffic, specifically in the outlet channel, competitive pressures intensified and we responded with a higher level of promotion than expected. Importantly, we remain confident in our ability to deliver a positive North American comp by the fourth quarter, again led by the improvement in our retail stores, with the most significant driver being conversion. Now, turning to our retail performance and the metrics we traditionally share on products, the above-$400 price bracket rose in penetration, saw another positive comp on a sales and unit basis, and represented about 35% of handbag sales, up from about 30% last year. The increases showed continued progress of our elevation strategy, with higher price points and more fashion-forward products such as Nomad and Swagger performing strongly. In addition, our gifting offer, covering a broad arrange of styles and price points, also registered well, driving balance in our assortment, with the below-$300 price bracket posting a positive sales and unit comp in the quarter. Our Essentials bags, such as the Turnlock Satchel, Prairie Satchel, and Scout hobo were important drivers, as was an extended offering of holiday giftables and accessories. As has been the case for quite a while, leather continued to outpace logo across all channels. In the second quarter, logo across all categories represented less than 5% of North American retail sales, and in outlet, it was under 30%, down year-over-year in both channels. Now, in stores, as Victor mentioned, we've been very pleased with the performance of our Modern Luxury stores, particularly in the North America retail channel, where comps remain positive, with now 66 stores renovated, including 14 added in the first half. In the outlet channel to-date, we've also seen an improvement in trend post-renovation and relative outperformance versus the balance of outlet stores. As noted, we've not seen the same level of inflection in outlet, given the newer store base, notably in men stand-alones. To-date, we have completed 26 outlet renovations, including 12 in the first half, and opened a total of five outlet stores in the new format, three in FY 2015 and two year-to-date. We remain on target to renovate about 60 North American stores this year. In terms of elevating our customer experience, our stores in Time Warner Center in New York, Rue Saint-Honoré in Paris and Shanghai Hong Kong Plaza, are the latest installations of our concept craftsmanship bars. We'll be refining and deploying the concept to select flagship stores globally, providing customization options and leather services, such as monogramming, which harken back to our roots as a leather goods manufacturer. We're also in the process of training dedicated leather services specialists in each craftsmanship bar. This is a truly unique and differentiating feature of Coach stores, which is delighting customers across all markets. In addition to the pinnacle craftsmanship bar experience, as we reinforce our positioning as America's original house of leather, we're also rolling out three core leather services, leather care, monogramming and repairs assessment, in all stores globally. The initial impact of these services has been very positive, driving conversion and repeat purchase. Also in support of the customer experience, we continue to refine our Modern Luxury Hosting Ceremony and introduced a new store associate uniform globally in October. This is another step towards creating a more consistent Modern Luxury in-store experience, with our staff looking and feeling more stylish and elevated. Now turning to event marketing, as you know, over the last 18 months, we have changed our approach to customer events in the retail channel, resulting in a significant reduction in promotional activity on a year-over-year basis in FY 2015. In terms of learnings, as noted on the last two calls, we found that our semi-annual open sales, which are now known as the winter sale and the summer sale, have served as recruitment vehicles for new customers. As a result, this year, we're holding two shorter-duration open sale events over key traffic periods with the intent of attracting new retail customers. The first of these occurred around Black Friday, including a VIP preview with a tiered offer, which we then opened up to the public. We're very pleased with the results, with the events both bringing in new customers and reactivating lapsed ones. Similarly, our winter sale, which started and ended earlier than last year, was also quite successful. At the same time, we've adjusted the cadence and further reduced our closed targeted customer events to two a year, the first of which was held as planned in September with the next expected in March, which will include a single pass-along invitation for a friend in our direct-mail invitations. As a reminder, the timing of this year's event is consistent with last year. Importantly, we continue to evolve and optimize the timing and type of events. Our goal is to further reduce the number of days on promotion in our retail channel in FY 2016. Now looking ahead to spring and summer, in retail, we just kicked off Coach's 75th anniversary by introducing the Saddle Bag, an archival glovetanned leather bag offered in multiple sizes and modernized with an array of colors and trims. Additional anniversary styles that were launched in the March quarter include the Dinky Bag, pouches in small leather goods, and an archival rucksack in men's. As Victor noted, Coach 1941 will launch in conjunction with Spring Fashion Week in February with a comprehensive product expression in our top 50 locations, as well as key handbags in all stores. We'll add new styles with our bestselling Swagger family in fun fashion colors and unique novelty patchwork. Additionally, we're launching new styles in the Nomad Hobo group and a new silhouette, the Mercer Satchel, in stores since last week, all of these new bags speaking to our important category-driver segment. We'll also continue to animate essentials with the launch of Turnlock Edie priced at $395, with chain straps and Turnlock details differentiating it from bestselling key item Edie. And we'll add a fun layer of novelty prints, studs and grommets to play up essentials. The Chelsea Crossbody, a key under-$300 item, will also launch in Q3. Our Men's business in the third quarter will be driven by continued momentum in backpacks, our first Men's collection launch, and distortion in marketing spend on the category. In-store merchandising will position Men's more front-and-center and we'll animate the collection with media support and in-store events. In outlet, given the response we've historically seen to novelty, we're most excited about Peanuts, a key initiative for Q3. Peanuts just launched last week in stores and is off to an exceptionally strong start. As you may remember, Peanuts was introduced in retail last year and drove very strong interest in the brand. As always, we'll focus on key high-traffic moments, including Martin Luther King weekend, just passed, and Presidents' weekend coming up in February. To this end, the Billie Backpack, launched just in time for MLK weekend, is off to a strong start. Next month, we'll re-launch key styles such as Kelsey, Phoebe and Christie in on-trend seasonal colors, when our novelty assortment will feature hologram, wide floral, and stud detailing. In March, we'll introduce Carlyle, a cool and highly functional shoulder bag showcasing our iconic Turnlock. And now, turning it back to Victor for International.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Andre. Most generally and similar to North America, we're distorting our focus in developed markets towards maximizing productivity. We're taking a portfolio approach to our store base, investing in our best locations where we we'll see the biggest return and culling where appropriate. In developing markets, we're continuing to open stores, taking advantage of real estate opportunities. And in all markets, we are increasing marketing and investing in the Modern Luxury store experience, using elements such as the craftsmanship bars we discussed to underscore our heritage and history of authenticity. In Greater China, second quarter sales rose 5% in constant currency, in line with our annual target, with double-digit growth on the mainland and with positive comps offsetting weak results in Hong Kong and Macau. Hong Kong and Macau continue to be impacted by the dramatic slowdown in inbound tourist traffic, notably from the mainland. At this juncture, with very limited visibility to an evolving macroeconomic environment, we are only updating our previous guidance of $625 million to reflect the renminbi devaluation since our last earnings call, resulting in an updated annual forecast of about $610 million Importantly, despite short-term volatility, we remain optimistic on the prospects for this market over the long term, as the drivers we have consistently mentioned are more relevant than ever. It's important to note that we still see the Chinese tourist as an increasingly large part of our business globally and have experienced the strengthening in Chinese tourist spending, notably in Japan and Europe. We are staffing into this trend, increasing the number of Mandarin-speaking store associates in these geographies. To that end and as expected, Japan sales were up 2% on a constant currency basis, despite a decrease in square footage, benefiting from increased tourist flows from Mainland Chinese. On the dollar basis, sales declined 3%, reflecting the weaker yen. While Japan is a mature market, where we are distorting investment to our high-profile Tokyo stores and flagships while optimizing our fleet, we are continually assessing and leveraging the opportunity with tourists. In addition, the response to our new Modern Luxury stores from Japanese consumers and tourists alike has been quite positive, seen most notably in conversion in these locations. In Europe, our brand is continuing to grow rapidly through new directly-operated stores, wholesale locations and comps. Specifically in the second quarter, our business grew at a double-digit pace on a total and comparable store sales basis, despite the negative impact resulting from the tragic attacks in Paris. Importantly, during the quarter, we opened our Paris flagship on Rue Saint-Honoré, a significant milestone in our brand development and evolution in Europe, raising awareness with domestic consumers as well as tourists. We will continue to look for other flagship opportunities, with a focus on major European cities. Overall, we continue to believe that FY 2016 will be another year of very strong growth, with sales growing to about $125 million. Overall planning horizon, our goal is to achieve over $0.5 billion in sales at retail, representing a mid-single-digit share of the premium men's and women's bag and accessories market. In our other directly-operated Asian markets outside of China and Japan, namely South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia, sales were up modestly in local currency and declined in dollars. Here, too, we have focused on driving productivity through our transformation initiatives. Finally, I would like to point out that we have seen disparate results in our international wholesale businesses, which, while small, are important to growing brand awareness. In the second quarter, we again saw strong growth in those distributor-operated locations focused on the domestic consumer, while travel retail has continued to be soft due to volatility of tourist flows globally, notably in Hong Kong and Macau. On a net sales basis, revenue grew significantly in the quarter, driven by shipment timing to ensure appropriate inventory positions for Chinese New Year. Generally, we are very pleased with the execution of our brand transformation as we continue to position the Coach brand for long-term success while effectively supporting the growth and development of the Stuart Weitzman brand and navigating the volatile global economic trends and currency fluctuations in the intermediate term. Now, I will turn it over to Jane for details on our financial results and guidance for fiscal 2016.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Victor. Victor and Andre have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our second fiscal quarter results for the consolidated businesses of Coach, Inc. as well as the Coach brand and Stuart Weitzman, ending with our outlook for FY 2016. Please note, the comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results, as well as the related reconciliations, can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. Starting with Coach, Inc. on a consolidated basis, net sales totaled $1.27 billion for the second fiscal quarter compared with $1.22 billion reported in the same period of the prior year, an increase of 4%. On a constant currency basis, total sales increased 7% for the period. Gross profit totaled $859 million versus $841 million a year ago, while gross margin was 67.4% versus 69%. SG&A expenses of $574 million compared to $542 million in the prior year, an increase of 6%. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A totaled 45.1% on a non-GAAP basis compared to 44.4% in the year-ago quarter. Operating income for the quarter totaled $285 million compared to $299 million in the prior year, while operating margin was 22.4% versus 24.5%. Net interest expense was $6 million in the quarter as compared to net interest income of approximately $400,000 in the year-ago period. Net income for the quarter totaled $188 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.68. This included a contribution of $13 million or $0.05 per share from Stuart Weitzman. This compared to net income in the second quarter of FY 2015 of $200 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.72. Turning now to performance by brand and starting with the Coach brand; as a reminder, all comments I'm about to make are on a non-GAAP basis. Net sales for the Coach brand totaled $1.18 billion for the second fiscal quarter compared with $1.22 billion reported in the same period of the prior year, a decrease of 3%. On a constant currency basis, total sales decreased 1% for the period. Gross profit totaled $799 million, while gross margin was 67.7%, down 130 basis points overall, including 110 basis points from currency. Our consolidated Coach brand gross margin continued to benefit from channel mix, with our international segment outpacing. However, our gross margin in North America declined on a year-over-year basis. Margin was negatively impacted by increased promotion in our outlet and wholesale channels in response to heightened discounting activity in those channels, as Andre mentioned. Higher average unit costs also pressured our gross margin in North America as we continued to invest in product innovation, providing our customers with an elevated product offering at compelling price points. International segment gross margins increased from prior year, excluding the negative impact of foreign currency. SG&A expenses totaled $536 million, a decrease of 1%. SG&A expenses in the second quarter were somewhat lower than our expectations and reflected lower occupancy costs as well as a shift in marketing timing. The stronger dollar also was a benefit to expenses. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A expenses totaled 45.4%. Operating income was $263 million, while operating margin was 22.3%, in line with expectations. Turning now to Stuart Weitzman, Stuart Weitzman brand net sales totaled $94 million for the second fiscal quarter, with strength in boots and domestic retail driving a beat in our sales and margin projections for the quarter. Gross profit for the Stuart Weitzman brand totaled $61 million, resulting in a gross margin of 64.3%. SG&A expenses were $38 million or 40.8% of sales. Operating income was $22 million, representing an operating margin of 23.6%. During the second quarter of FY 2016, the company recorded charges of $14 million under its multi-year transformation plan. These charges consisted primarily of organizational efficiency costs and accelerated depreciation for store renovations. In addition, the company recorded costs of approximately $10 million associated with the acquisition of Stuart Weitzman, which primarily includes charges attributable to integration-related activities, contingent payments and the impact of limited life purchase accounting. These actions taken together increased the company's SG&A expenses by about $24 million, negatively impacting net income by $18 million after-tax or about $0.07 per diluted share in the second quarter. Our total transformation-related charges over the last seven quarters were about $305 million. We continue to expect to incur the balance of these charges by the end of FY 2016, primarily related to global store closures and organizational effectiveness, bringing the total multi-year charge to about $325 million. Now moving to global distribution, as you know, our overarching focus continues to be replatforming our stores, elevating brand perception, optimizing our store fleet and opening new locations selectively in key markets. During the quarter and consistent with our annual guidance, there was little change in our global directly-operated door count. As we now include a table detailing our openings and closures by geography and brand in our press release, I'll just touch on the highlights. In total, we added one net new Coach brand location globally in addition to four Stuart Weitzman locations in the quarter, three in the U.S. and one in Europe. Looking to the full year, as our overall plans have not changed materially, I'll be brief. In FY 2016, we continue to expect our Coach brand directly-operated square footage to be up low single digits globally. This guidance continues to assume that Coach brand's square footage in North America will be essentially unchanged in FY 2016. Internationally, distribution growth will be led by Europe and China, where we are continuing to project double-digit increases in square footage in FY 2016. In Japan, we continue to estimate a mid-single-digit decline in square footage as we take a portfolio approach to optimizing our fleet. And in our directly-operated businesses in Asia outside of China and Japan, we continue to focus on developing our current store base and expect only modest square footage growth this fiscal year. Closing with Stuart Weitzman distribution, we continue to expect to open approximately 10 new directly-operated locations in FY 2016. Moving to the balance sheet, inventory levels at quarter-end were $438 million, including $29 million of inventory associated with Stuart Weitzman. This compared to ending inventory of $447 million for the Coach brand in the year-ago period. Therefore, inventory declined 2% on a Coach, Inc. consolidated basis and was down 9% for the Coach brand. Cash and short-term investments stood at $1.3 billion as compared to $1.1 billion a year ago. Given our debt issuance in the third quarter of FY 2015 and the subsequent closure of the Stuart Weitzman acquisition, our total borrowings outstanding were approximately $900 million at the end of the fiscal quarter. As previously shared, we expect to use these proceeds to cover our working capital needs in light of investments in our business and the new corporate headquarters. Net cash from operating activities in the second quarter was $302 million compared to $445 million last year in Q2. Free cash flow in the quarter was an inflow of $196 million versus $406 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $106 million versus $39 million in the same quarter a year ago. Before turning to FY 2016 guidance, I did want to provide you with an update on the status of our investment in our new headquarter building at Hudson Yards. As you know, we've long-stated our belief that our investment in Hudson Yards would be monetizeable over time. Given today's real estate market strength and high demand for Hudson Yards, we believe now is the right time to explore selling our interest in the Hudson Yards joint venture while securing our future need for space by entering into a long-term lease there. We have begun to pursue these options with our partner-related companies. While it's too early to speculate, it is unlikely that any sale of our interests or other transaction would close until after our fiscal year ends and we move into our new space. As noted in our press release, we're maintaining our fiscal 2016 constant currency revenue growth and operating margin guidance for the Coach brand while raising our consolidated operating income outlook based on second quarter results. So turning now to our financial outlook for the Coach brand on a standalone 52-week non-GAAP basis in FY 2016, first, on Coach brand sales, we still expect to deliver a low single-digit increase in constant currency in fiscal year 2016. Based on current exchange rates, currency headwinds are now expected to negatively impact our annual revenue growth by 225 to 250 basis points. We are still projecting a low single-digit aggregate comp decline in North America in FY 2016. As previously noted, we expect comp to improve throughout the year, driven by product innovation, renovated Modern Luxury stores, and our 75th anniversary marketing initiatives. We continue to expect to reach positive comps in the fourth quarter. Operating margin is still expected to be in the mid to high teens with some shift between the gross margin and expense ratio from previous guidance. To this end, gross margin for the Coach brand is projected to be in the range of last year's margin, or about 69.5% on a constant currency basis, with negative foreign currency effects now expected to impact gross margin by 90 to 100 basis points. SG&A expenses net of savings are now expected to grow at a low single-digit rate in constant currency, while growth is expected to be roughly flat in dollars. The lower projected rate of growth is based on favorability realized in the first half of the fiscal year. We continue to expect at least $50 million in incremental cost savings from our transformation and restructuring initiatives. Interest expense for the year is estimated to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million. Finally, our tax rate is still expected to be in the area of 28% for the year. The expected rate reduction on a year-over-year basis is primarily attributable to the geographic mix of earnings, the ongoing benefit of available foreign tax credits, the anticipated closure of certain audits, and the expiration of statutes in 2016, which is expected to significantly lower our tax rate in the third quarter. In addition, based on Stuart Weitzman's outperformance during the holiday quarter, as noted, we are now forecasting the brand's sales to be in the area of $340 million on a dollar basis for fiscal 2016, an increase of about 10% from FY 2015, driving Coach, Inc.'s consolidated revenue growth to high single digits on a constant currency basis and adding about $0.12 to earnings per diluted share, excluding charges associated with financing, short-term purchase accounting adjustments, contingent payments, and integration costs. As a result of the higher sales and margin outlook for the Stuart Weitzman's business versus our original expectations, taken together with our projection for the Coach brand, we are raising our operating income outlook for Coach, Inc. for fiscal 2016. This includes an estimated negative impact of about 70 basis points and 20 basis points on a consolidated gross margin and operating margin, respectively, from Stuart Weitzman, a lesser impact than previously anticipated. As a reminder, fiscal 2016 will include a 53rd week in our fiscal fourth quarter, which is expected to contribute approximately $75 million to $80 million in incremental revenue and $0.06 in earnings per diluted share on a non-GAAP basis. We still expect CapEx for FY 2016 for Coach, Inc. to be in the area of $300 million, excluding the capital costs associated with the new headquarters, which are expected to be approximately $185 million in FY 2016. There has been no change in our capital allocation policy. And over the next few years, our first priority is to continue to invest in our business, as we have a compelling opportunity to drive sustainable growth and value creation. And we're putting our capital against this opportunity. Our second priority, strategic acquisitions, is also about growth. While we have nothing planned imminently, we want to have the flexibility to act, if and when it's in the best interest of Coach, Inc. and our shareholder. And third, capital return, as I've stated before, we are committed to our dividend and expect our dividend to grow at least in line with net income growth as our transformation takes hold. Underpinning all three of these priorities are our guard rails for allocating capital effectively, maintaining strategic flexibility, strong liquidity and access to the capital markets. In closing, we have a clear strategy and a well-articulated implementation plan for FY 2016 and we're pleased with our progress to-date. Building on this momentum, we remain confident in our long-term targets. Importantly, we believe that we have the resources to fund our plan while maintaining our dividend during our heavy investment period. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question is from Bob Drbul of Nomura. Your line is now open.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Bob.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Bob.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: I guess I've got two questions. The first one is can you elaborate a little bit more in terms of what's going on in the category today and how important that is for your continued progress and return to positive comps? And the second question that I have is can you just talk a little bit about how your current business trends are?
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. In terms of the category, Bob, there's no doubt in our mind that the secular shift from apparel to accessories definitely continues, and that there isn't a better space to be in, in the fashion space than handbags and accessories. In the short-term, however, there is some volatility driven by macro issues and, of course, the extreme exchange rate volatility that we have seen, which is impacting tourists. At the same time, we strongly believe that the consumers are looking for innovation. They're looking for quality, value and, most of all, they're looking for authenticity. And we don't believe there is a brand better positioned to take advantage of that than us. Given our authenticity of heritage and craftsmanship that's very much our DNA, when blended with Stuart's creative vision and the terrific reviews that we continue to get towards our product, our stores and our marketing, we're incredibly excited by the results that we're driving, by the differentiated positioning that we're driving and are very much seeing those results continue to your second question, as we enter the third quarter. We're very much seeing similar trends with guidance contemplating a return to North America comps going positive in the fourth quarter, per Jane's comments.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ike Boruchow of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Morning, Ike,
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications: Hi, Ike.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Victor, so your North American comps have been getting better for almost two years now. I guess my question is do you have a way of looking at the customer and who they are? Meaning, is this a function of the former Coach customer who maybe left the brand, is starting to come back or is this new customers starting to come in? And then, do you feel that it's the product, the store experience, the marketing, what do you think is the biggest driver in your opinion today? Thanks.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Ike. It's really both. We're seeing new customers come into the franchise. And what's most exciting, of course, is that we're seeing that happen not only through handbags and accessories, but also through the small businesses that we're now driving in apparel through Stuart's collections. And we're also seeing some lapsed consumers come back. And that is very exciting given the 75th anniversary plans that we have ahead of us and our continued reinforcement of what's true to Coach, which is really a focus on glovetanned leather and all of the activities that Andre discussed as it relates to the customer service experience that we're driving in our stores with the craftsmanship bars as well as the marketing activities. In terms of the areas of biggest impact, Ike, I would say it's a combination of all. It's very difficult to really peel this apart. We're driving total brand impression. We, of course, see the most significant inflection in those stores that have been transformed, as you heard in our prepared notes. The North American full-price stores in aggregate still very much comping positively, including those very first stores now that we have lapped that we opened post-Black Friday of 2014. So really excited by the continued performance in those locations and excited by what we're seeing not only here in North America, but also globally where the pre-post on those locations is very much outpacing the rest of the fleet.
Ike Boruchow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Good luck.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Oliver Chen of Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks. Congrats. And also on the 1941 collection, which looks great.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications: Thanks, Oliver.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Regarding your comments, Andre, on the outlet channel, the outlet channel has been a little bit tough sector-wise, but do you continue to see kind of a continuation of the need for higher levels of promotion? And what's the nature of that? Is it couponing or just sharper price points? And just a quick one, Victor, from a bigger-picture perspective, were there any aspects that you would have done differently, just as you post-game the quarter? Thanks.
Andre Cohen - President, North America: So in general terms, as we'd anticipated, retail led, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. The positive thing is we also saw a sequential improvement in the Outlet business. And that was led by conversion. We maintain a higher average ticket in outlet. That was driven by UPT primarily. I think in terms of how we dealt with the higher level of competitive promotional activity, we tried to be as nimble as possible. We played with couponing. We shifted within variable pricing in stores, handouts, multiples, et cetera. So we tried to be as nimble as we could. We were a little less blunt than we were in the past with sort of a one-off 50%-off coupon. We varied a lot our toolkit I'd say in promotions.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Oliver, it's important – as we've come out of Q2, as we've revised our Coach brand gross margin guidance slightly, we've incorporated the activity in the heightened competitive activity into our guidance for the Coach brand gross margin for the full year.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I would just add, Oliver, and connected to your question, in terms of key learnings, first, the most significant learnings, obviously, were those related to Stuart's collection, launching the first season over a year ago in terms of just having enrichened our gifting offer and having a richer presentation of price points across various buckets, right, in outlets from the $150 of course and into full price above the $400 bucket, and you saw the balance of that and heard about that in Andre's remarks. Overall, though, it continues to be the same strategy and focus, which is to continue to give the consumers more value, not only through pricing, of course, and it's important to recognize that outlet is a promotional channel and consumers do go to that channel specifically for deals, but also through what we're doing with experience. Those of you who have had the opportunity to visit our Modern Luxury outlet stores I think see and feel that, and that continues to be a major program for us as we also continue to put make into the product and give consumers value across all of our channels.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you. Great job on the balance of fashion versus gifting and best regards.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Oliver.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Oliver.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Erinn Murphy of Piper Jaffray. You may now ask your question.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great. Thanks. Good morning. Victor, I was hoping for you to talk a little bit more about your digital strategy. As you fuel that, can you just talk about the signposts that you're monitoring that do suggest that you're getting that millennial customer shopping the Coach brand today?
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure. I think that when it comes to digital, we're really focused on a couple of key strategies. Obviously, there's e-commerce, and not only what we're doing here in North America. One of the major steps that we've taken over the last, I would say almost two years now since the beginning of our transformation strategies, of course, was to pull back on our eOS strategies. You've seen us put a lot of emphasis on bringing innovation to coach.com as a full-price vehicle as well as to everything that we're doing, of course, digitally through social media gaining very, very quick relevance for the brand, especially through Instagram, which has been a major focus for Coach. Internationally, you've heard during our prepared remarks today that we have just opened a new e-commerce site in Europe, having started with the UK. Our plans will be to roll that out across Europe over the next 12 months, while we also continue to gain traction in Asia. I'm happy to report that our teams in Asia have in many ways been leading the way in those markets for the entire category. In Japan, we've made great progress getting onto Line, and in China, not only Sina Weibo, where we're one of the leading – I believe still the leading fashion brand in terms of number of followers, but also on WeChat, where we've also been leading the way. So I would say globally, we are where the millennials are today engaging with brands. It's not just about the channel. However, we know that it's about the content. And there, we're incredibly pleased with the work that Stuart's doing, with the reviews that we're getting from the editorial community and from the bloggers that, of course, influence the millennial consumer. So it's a process. We're very much on our way, and it's very exciting to see the progress that we are making.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thanks for the color, and best of luck.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Schick of Stifel. Your line is open.
David Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Morning, David.
David Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And congratulations on the success in Weitzman. So you talked about having the flexibility to act with more acquisitions. Could you talk about how Weitzman will work within the overall Coach out a couple years, and then how you would think about other acquisitions? What are the ways you would think through that?
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, David, at the moment, we're obviously very, very focused still on integrating Stuart Weitzman. I couldn't be more pleased with what we're seeing with that brand, the team, and the traction that they're gaining. It really speaks to the strategy that we have and what we internally have called modern luxury, which is getting a collection of brands together that have quality, that have authenticity, and, at the same time, share in fashion relevance and can engage in a modern way with consumers. In the case of Stuart Weitzman, what we're seeing is really an affirmation of all the due diligence that we've done. It's a terrific brand with amazing fit, amazing quality, superb supply chain, truly a leader in the space in the U.S. And in a season where boots were not selling given the unseasonably warm weather, they were the top performer across all channels, whether it be here in top-tier department stores in the U.S., Europe, and in China where they're gaining increasing relevance which is very exciting for us. And it's not only the products. They're doing an amazing job engaging with consumers. We talked about what Coach is doing, of course, online, but what the Stuart Weitzman team has been doing with their marketing is a great example for us at Coach and indeed for the entire industry as they engage with more youthful consumers online. In terms of longer term, it's very much consistent with what we have shared. We will, of course, be leveraging the Coach team to support Stuart Weitzman in the development of their handbag and accessories business. We discussed already the talent that is already working on that project. And by the end of this calendar year, beginning of next, we should begin to see some of that product hit the Stuart Weitzman stores. In addition, the Stuart Weitzman team will be supporting Coach with the footwear supply chain opportunities that exist when it comes to fit and certainly comfort and potentially longer-term, in a more meaningful way as well. And we're supporting the Stuart Weitzman brand already in some significant ways with real estate, and we've talked about Regent Street, where we will be opening the first Stuart Weitzman flagship in the UK next to the Coach flagship there later this year.
David Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications: We can take one more question.
Operator: The next question is from Anna Andreeva of Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks so much. Good morning and congrats to the team.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Anna.
Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): I guess a follow-up on the category in North America, could you share how much of the deceleration is the AUR pressure? I think you said the units are still up nicely. And do you need the category to bounce back at all for Coach to achieve those positive comps by the fourth quarter? Thanks so much.
Andre Cohen - President, North America: Yes. In terms of what we've seen in the market, there's been a deceleration of AURs and units going up. In the case of Coach in retail, we actually drove positive ADT. (60:26) So that's an important factor in Q2. So and as I mentioned earlier, we've seen that sequential improvement in our overall business, particularly led by retail, with conversion improving sequentially and our traffic also improving sequentially quarter-over-quarter.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. In terms of the second part of your question, the short answer is no. We're really excited about the traction that we're seeing in our brand sequentially. Since the start of our transformation, we've seen our comps in North America improve by 20 points, irrespective of what's happened in the category. And so as we look to the future, this is really about driving relevance for the Coach brand. It's not to say that we're immune to what's happening around us, but we're very, very focused on executing our plan. And we're very pleased with the results that we're seeing and very much looking forward, as guided, to achieving positive comps in North America in the fourth quarter.
Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): That's great. Best of luck.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A. I will now turn it over to Victor Luis for some concluding remarks. Victor?
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Andrea. I just want to close by, first and foremost, thanking all of you for joining us again and looking forward to seeing, of course, and hearing from you again during the rest of the quarter as we visit with some of you individually. I also want to thank and congratulate both the Coach and the Stuart Weitzman teams for their hard work and the commitment to driving our second quarter results and truly the fantastic development that we're seeing in our brands against what is a volatile global backdrop. Our brands are special. They represent decades of blending a unique know-how in the crafts that we have with modern-inspired design of our teams. And it's fitting for us that in the 75th anniversary of Coach as we celebrate that this year that we will again drive growth by fusing very much the history that we share and the authenticity of our craft with the vision of our creative teams. And thank you all for being with us.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the Coach earnings conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-10-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head-IR & Corporate Communications Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director Andre Cohen - President-North America Region Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Inc. Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Ike B. Boruchow - Sterne Agee CRT Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC Oliver Chen - Cowen and Company, LLC Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head-IR & Corporate Communications: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Coach's Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Coach's CFO. Andre Cohen, President, North America is also joining us. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon a number of important factors, including risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends, or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences, controlled costs, successfully execute our transformation initiatives and growth strategies, or our ability to achieve intended benefits, cost savings and synergies from the Stuart Weitzman acquisition. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Please note that historical trends may not be indicative of future performance. Also, certain financial information and metrics that will be discussed today will be presented on a non-GAAP basis, which you may identify by the terms non-GAAP, constant currency, or excluding charges associated with financing, short-term purchase accounting adjustments, and contingent payments and integration costs. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information or metric, as well as the related reconciliation, on our website, www.coach.com/investors and then viewing the earnings release posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our first fiscal quarter of 2016 milestones and learnings and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives. Andre Cohen will speak to our North America business product performance and review our key programs for the holiday season. Jane Nielsen will follow with details on financial and operational results for the quarter, along with our outlook for FY 2016. After that, we will hold a Q&A session. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Victor will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I'd now like to I'd now like to introduce Victor Luis, Coach's CEO.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, we're pleased with our first quarter performance, which was consistent with our plan and reflected continued progress on our transformation journey. We drove further sequential improvement in our North America bricks and mortar business – led, as expected, by our retail stores – with this momentum continuing into the second quarter. Our international businesses posted moderate growth on a constant currency basis, highlighted by double-digit increases in Europe and Mainland China, as well as sales gains in Japan. Overall, our results underscore our confidence that the cumulative impact of our actions will result in a return to topline growth in FY16 and positive North American comps by the end of the year. Importantly, we continued to successfully execute our brand transformation strategies in the quarter across our three key brand pillars: product, stores and marketing. Stuart Vevers' new products have been very well received by customers across geographies. Our Modern Luxury stores globally and across channels are performing well, and we're especially pleased with the ongoing positive comps we're generating in the North American retail stores which have been renovated, as we anniversary the delivery of Stuart's first collection in September. And we kicked off our 75th anniversary celebration by hosting our first true runway show during New York Fashion Week, receiving great engagement, editorial reviews, and positive trade feedback. We've also been pleased with Stuart Weitzman's integration into the Coach, Inc., family. During the quarter, Stuart Weitzman's performance was consistent with our annual guidance. We continue to see Stuart Weitzman gain traction internationally notably in Asia where the brand is still nascent, but has significant long-term potential. Now, as has been our recent practice, I'd like to share some of the actions we've taken to build momentum across our three key brand pillars of product, stores and marketing, starting with product where Coach is clearly emerging as the house of design. During Q1, essentially all of our retail stores offerings both men's and women's were Stuart Vevers' designs. In handbags, we built on the success of Swagger with new colors and shapes, including a carryall silhouette. We also introduced two new handbags, the Ace and Nomad, which were very well received and reflect our new elevated design direction and focus on Coach's heritage glovetanned leather. Edie, which was introduced in new sizes, continued to do well as did the functional and stylish Turnlock Tote. And in all markets globally, we have seen a positive change in trend in our retail comp driven by new product and our Modern Luxury stores. In outlet, we continued to increase the offering of Stuart's designs with key new styles such as Blake and the Ava Tote. Novelty including exotic trim, metallic, and studded cross-grain trended well all at higher AURs. By the September floor set, Stuart's product represented about three quarters of the assortment across both genders. Of course, we were extremely excited to host our first complete runway show in September in a custom-built structure next to the high-line in front of what will be our new headquarters building. The show which was live streamed garnered international acclaim and overwhelmingly positive editorial. During the show, we debuted Coach 1941, named after the date Coach was found in New York City 75 years ago. The collection features ready-to-wear and a pinnacle assortment of bags and accessories with an emphasis on leather creativity and craftsmanship. Coach 1941 features distinct but complementary branding, design and product codes and is where the design team can be at their most innovative and experimental with the highest level of detailing and leather expertise is where the Coach brand explores the notion of what luxury and quality mean in a young, modern context. In addition, Coach 1941 provides us with the distribution opportunity both internationally and domestically with many key specialty accounts in luxury department stores. Today, we are seeing interest from pinnacle specialty retailers that have not traditionally offered the Coach brand such as Colette, Selfridges, Opening Ceremony, Saks, Nordstrom and others. We're thrilled by the reaction that Stuart's collection is generating and we see it as a clear vote of confidence for our strategic and creative direction. On stores, we're continuing to establish our new Modern Luxury concept stores globally, renovating and opening over 30 during the quarter and we are on target to end the year at 40% of our doors in the new format. Consistent with plans, these renovations have been driving significant inflections from previous trends and comps, which exceeded the balance of the fleet in the vast majority of stores around the world. We've also seen our new retail and outlet Modern Luxury stores, meeting or exceeding their targets in aggregate. And as part of our global flagship strategy, we opened our first Paris store earlier this month, a 6,500 square foot store on Rue Saint-Honoré in one of the city's most prestigious shopping districts. This opening is a pivotal moment for our developments across Europe and reflective of our strategy to drive increased fashion relevance. In addition, we just announced that we will be relocating our Regent Street store in London to a new flagship location also on Regent Street, but more desirable location where we will also be opening a separate Stuart Weitzman store, bringing the two brand stores to one iconic location on this desirable thoroughfare. And as discussed in our last call, we are also close to finalizing the location for a Coach flagship on Fifth Avenue to open in calendar 2016. Our intention is to create a true Coach house, celebrating Coach's heritage and history of craftsmanship. In North American department stores, we completed over 70 additional case-line conversions. We also continued to expect to renovate about 50 shop-in-shop locations to Modern Luxury in FY 2016. Finally, we have about 30 shop managers in place today and are beginning to see a real impact versus balance of chain and expect to hire another 20 by the end of the year. On the marketing front, we remain committed to creating desire for the Coach brand and further increasing our share of voice globally. To this end, we amplified our September New York Fashion Week runway show worldwide across our digital and social platforms, driving over 800 million impressions, approximately five times those generated during the Fall 2015 New York Fashion Week presentation of this past February. We ranked in Vogue's top ten shows of New York Fashion Week and we're the fourth most instagrammed show of the week. Also in September, we launched our fall fashion campaign, again shot by Steven Meisel and we will soon introduce our holiday campaign featuring Chloë Grace Moretz for the second season. We also teamed up with the New York Yankees becoming their official luxury accessory brand, capping the season with an event with Yankee's legend, Mariano Rivera, here in New York City. Leveraging our history and heritage with glovetanned leather and a well-worn baseball glove that inspired the Coach brand 75 years ago, this association is uniquely ownable by Coach and will drive awareness and engagement with core male consumers. And as we increased our positive brand impressions, we've also continued to pull back on our North American promotional activity, notably further reducing the number of eOS events from prior year. As a result of these efforts, we are seeing continued progress with consumers. Our quarterly North America brand-tracking survey fielded in September showed an improvement among category drivers that Coach is perceived as less promotional, while our brand affinities are strong among premium retail purchasers overall. So, as our plans unfold and we continue to show steady improvement, we are very pleased and proud of all that the Coach team has accomplished during the past 15 months and will continue to update you on these initiatives as we move forward. Turning now to a discussion of global category trends. Overall, we estimate that the North American premium women's handbag and accessories market rose at a low single-digit rate in the September quarter, in line with recent trends. Importantly, against this backdrop, Coach's sales of women's bags and accessories, while still negative, once again improved sequentially in North America. And of course as a lifestyle and multi-brand company, we also participate in categories outside of women's bags and accessories. Men's is now at about 17% of our global net sales. We continue to believe it is a growth opportunity for the brand and are forecasting mid-single-digit growth during FY 2016. Over our planning horizon, men's remains a $1 billion opportunity. We also recently brought our men's footwear in-house including production management where we were previously only doing design. While the business is still in its infancy, we have been very pleased with our initial results. And of course, we also remain focused on building Coach, Inc.'s market share within the fragmented men's and women's $27 billion global premium footwear category, which we estimate will grow at a mid-single-digit pace over our planning horizon. Looking ahead, we see significant growth opportunities for the Stuart Weitzman and Coach brands. While Jane will provide additional details on sales and distribution by geography, we wanted to touch on some current trends and strategies by market. So, I'll turn it over to Andre for a discussion of North America. Andre?
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: Thanks, Victor. As you read in our release, for the quarter, our total Coach brand sales in North America were down 11% as reported and 10% in constant currency. Our direct business excluding wholesale was down 12% as reported and 11% in constant currency. For the quarter in aggregate and as planned, our total store comp improved sequentially led by retail. It was down 8% with high ticket offset by a decline in traffic which was hurt in part by the overall weak mall trends as well as lower conversion. Our total comp was pressured an additional 1.5 points by eOS as we pulled back from about one flash sale event a week in last year's first quarter or 13 in total to about two events a month or seven in total, two in July, three in August and two in September, in line with the second half of FY 2015 and our plan. Looking at results sequentially, both conversion and traffic comp improved from fourth quarter levels driving the comp uptick in our bricks and mortar stores as elevated fashion and compelling novelty styles drove improved handbag performance. And even as we've anniversaried the arrival of Stuart's elevated product in retail, we continued to see strength in the channel through October. This further underscores our confidence in building to a positive North American comp by the fourth quarter, again led by the improvement in our retail stores with the most significant driver being conversion. Now turning to our retail performance and the metrics we traditionally share on product. The above-$400 price bracket held in penetration, saw another positive comp on a unit basis and represented nearly 30% of handbag sales matching last year. The below-$300 price bracket also grew in penetration and posted a positive comp benefiting from our focus on essentials and achieving balance in the assortment, which bodes particularly well for holiday. As has been the case for quite a while, leather continued to outpace logo across all channels. In the first quarter, logo across all categories, represented less than 5% of North America retail sales. And in outlets, it was roughly 30%, down year-over-year in both channels. Now in stores, as Victor mentioned, we've been very pleased with the performance of our Modern Luxury stores, particularly in the North America retail channel, where comps remain positive. And in the outlet channel to date, we've also seen an improvement in trend post-renovation and relative outperformance versus the balance of outlet stores. We remain on target to renovate about 60 stores this year with approximately half expected to be completed prior to Black Friday. In addition to the physical changes to our stores, we've also changed our labor and staffing model notably in retail with a heightened focus on full-time store associates to create stronger relationships with our customers. Over the next year, we'll be adding craftsmanship bars to select flagship stores globally, providing customization options and leather services such as monogramming, harkening back to our roots as a leather goods manufacturer. We're also in the process of introducing a tier of leather services to all of our retail stores globally. Also in support of the customer experience, we continue to refine our modern luxury hosting ceremony and we've also just introduced a new store associate uniform globally. Turning to event marketing, as you know, over the last 15 months, we've changed our approach to customer events in the retail channel, resulting in a significant reduction in promotional activity on a year-over-year basis in FY 2015. In terms of learnings, as noted in the last call, we found that our semi-annual open sales, which will be known as the winter sale and the summer sale going forward, have served as recruitment vehicles for new customers. As a result, this year we will hold two shorter duration open sale events over key traffic periods including Black Friday with the intent of attracting new retail customers. As in the case of our original semi-annual open sale, we'll kick off the event with a VIP preview with a tiered offer and then open it up to the public. At the same time, we have adjusted the cadence and further reduced our closed targeted customer events to two a year, the first of which was held as planned in September with the next expected in the second half of FY 2016. Importantly, we continue to evolve and optimize the timing and type of events. Our goal is to further reduce the number of days on promotion in our retail channel in FY 2016. Looking ahead to holiday and applying our learnings from last year, our goal is to be a bolder destination for gifting with a balanced assortment and broader offering at opening price points. We'll incorporate seasonal fashion elements such as shearling, metallic and glitter across all categories for both men's and women's creating an emotional and compelling offering for the season. Specifically in retail, we will first continue our focus on brand elevation and fashion with Nomad, a sophisticated shoulder bag in glovetanned leather at $495 that's performed incredibly well. Second, animate essentials and build in our craftsmanship message through platforms such as patchwork and color block exotics in key silhouettes including Edie, Prairie and Crosby. And with new silhouettes, such as the Turnlock Tote, a very versatile bag with broad appeal at $350, which features refined pebbled leather and superb functionality. Third, become the holiday gifting destination with a variety of gifts at key price points, including some compelling gift boxes across women's and men's. Finally, we'll also be a bolder destination for men's with key new silhouettes focused on backpacks and incorporating seasonal fashion elements such as prints, color blocks and varsity stripes. As we move into holiday for North America outlets, we're excited about our continued product innovation in this channel. At the end of the first quarter, we introduced the Blake collection and have seen great early success notably with a carryall and shoulder bag silhouettes. Blake was launched as a premium price in outlets and we continue to see that our customer will pay higher prices for great fashion items that are proprietary to Coach. Building on the success of our Phoebe and Christie collections, we're introducing updates to these best-selling items with additional hardware details and a broader range of sizes as we expand these collections across a broad range of colors in leather and logo options. For holiday outlet, we'll offer compelling and emotional novelty items featuring three key stories that are aligned with our global message: shearling, metallic and glitter. We'll also have an increased presence of gift sets at three times the investment we had last year providing a robust offer of gifts under $100 for both women and men. We will be supporting this holiday initiatives and expressing the warmth of the season in our advertising showing Chloë in beautiful shearling carrying the new metallic Swagger projecting fun and optimism. Our gift guide both in-store and digital will be bright and bold featuring more #coachpups and our store windows globally will feature an oversized snowflake comprised of the Coach codes including the iconic Turnlock. In summary, we are encouraged by our performance and excited for holiday. We believe that our initiatives across the brand pillars will drive an inflection in North America comp in the second quarter. And now turning it back to Victor for international.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Andre. Moving on to international. Most generally and similar to North America, we're distorting our focus in developed markets towards maximizing productivity. We're taking a portfolio approach to our store base investing in our best locations where we'll see the biggest return and culling where appropriate, while in developing markets we're continuing to open stores taking advantage of real estate opportunities. In all markets, we are increasing marketing and investing in the Modern Luxury store experience using elements such as the craftsmanship bars to underscore our heritage and history of authenticity. In Greater China, our first quarter sales rose 3% in constant currency, in line with annual target with double-digit growth on the Mainland and with positive comps offsetting weak results in Hong Kong and Macau. Hong Kong and Macau continue to be impacted by a dramatic slowdown in inbound tourist traffic, notably from the Mainland. Despite some macro slowdown and stock market gyrations in China, we remain confident in our $625 million forecast for FY 2016 even at current exchange rates and optimistic on the prospects for this market over the long-term as the drivers we've consistently mentioned are more relevant than ever. It's important to note that we do see the Chinese tourist as an increasingly large part of our business globally, and we have experienced the strengthening in Chinese tourist spending, notably in Japan and Europe. We are staffing into this trend increasing the number of Mandarin-speaking store associates in these geographies. To that end and as expected, Japan sales were up 6% on a constant currency basis, benefiting from increased tourist flows from Mainland Chinese. On a dollar basis, sales declined 10% reflecting the weaker yen. While Japan is a mature market where we are distorting investment to our high profile Tokyo stores and flagships while optimizing our fleet, we are continually assessing and leveraging the opportunity with the tourists. In addition, the response to our new Modern Luxury stores from Japanese consumers has been quite positive, seen most notably in conversion in these locations. In Europe our brand is continuing to grow rapidly through new directly operated stores, wholesale locations and comps. I mentioned the importance of our Paris flagship in raising awareness with both domestic consumers and tourists and we will continue to look for other flagship opportunities with a focus on other major European cities. Overall, we continue to believe that FY 2016 will be another year of very strong growth with sales growing to about $125 million. Over our planning horizon, our goal is to achieve over a $0.5 billion in sales at retail, representing a mid-single-digit share of the premium men's and women's bag and accessory market. In our other directly operated Asian markets outside of China and Japan, namely South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia, sales were up slightly in local currency and declined in dollars. Here too, we are focused on driving productivity through our transformation initiatives. Finally, I would point out that we're seeing disparate results in our international wholesale businesses, which while small are important to growing brand awareness. In the first quarter, we saw strong growth in those distributor operated locations focused on the domestic consumer, while travel retail has been impacted by MERS in South Korea and the volatility of tourist flows globally notably in Hong Kong and Macau. Generally, across geographies we are on track to meet our guidance, while we continue to execute our brand transformation. Now I will turn it over to Jane for details on our financial results and guidance for the year ahead. Jane?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Victor. Victor and Andre have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our first fiscal quarter results for the consolidated business of Coach, Inc., as well as the Coach brand and Stuart Weitzman ending with our outlook for FY 2016. Please note, the comments I'm about to make are based on non-GAAP results. Corresponding GAAP results, as well as the related reconciliation can be found in the earnings release posted on our website today. Overall, our first quarter performance was consistent with our expectations. Starting with Coach, Inc., on a consolidated basis, net sales totaled $1.03 billion for the first fiscal quarter compared with $1.04 billion reported in the same period of the prior year, a decrease of 1%. On a constant currency basis, total sales increased 3% for the period. Gross profit totaled $697 million versus $719 million a year ago, while gross margin was 67.7% versus 69.3%. SG&A expenses of $532 million compared to $503 million in the prior year, an increase of 6%. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A totaled 51.7% compared to 48.4% in the year ago quarter. Operating income for the quarter totaled $165 million compared to $217 million in the prior year, while operating margin was 16% versus 20.9%. Net interest expense was $7 million in the quarter as compared to net interest income of $1 million in the year ago period. Net income for the quarter totaled $113 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.41. This included a contribution of $11 million or $0.04 per share from Stuart Weitzman. This compared to net income in the first quarter of FY 2015 of $146 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.53. Now drilling down to performance by brand and starting with the Coach brand. As a reminder, all the comments I'm about to make are on a non-GAAP basis. Net sales for the Coach brand totaled $943 million for the first fiscal quarter compared to $1.04 billion reported in the same period of the prior year, a decrease of 9%. On a constant currency basis, total sales decreased 5% for the period. Gross profit totaled $647 million, while gross margin was 68.6% pressured by about 60 basis points from currency. SG&A expense totaled $497 million, a decrease of 1%. SG&A expenses in the first quarter were somewhat lower than our expectations and reflected a reversal of prior-year accruals, as well as a shift in marketing timing. The stronger dollar also was a benefit to expenses. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A expenses totaled 52.7%. Operating income was $150 million, while operating margin was 15.9%. Turning now to Stuart Weitzman. Stuart Weitzman brand net sales totaled $87.5 million for the first fiscal quarter. Gross profit for the Stuart Weitzman brand totaled $50.6 million resulting in a gross margin of 57.8%. SG&A expenses were $35.5 million or 40.6% of sales. Operating income was $15.1 million representing an operating margin of 17.2%. During the first quarter of FY 2016, the company recorded charges of $13 million under its multiyear transformation plan. These charges consisted primarily of organizational efficiency costs and accelerated depreciation for store renovations. In addition, the company recorded costs of approximately $11 million associated with the acquisition of Stuart Weitzman. These actions taken together increased the company's SG&A expenses by about $23 million and a cost of sales by about $1 million, negatively impacting net income by $17 million after tax or about $0.06 per diluted share in the first fiscal quarter. As a reminder, we have taken the majority of our total expected transformation related charges over the last six quarters, totaling about $290 million, including rightsizing of our inventory levels. We continue to expect to incur the balance of these charges by the end of FY 2016 primarily related to global store closures and organizational effectiveness, bringing the total multi-year charge to about $325 million. Now moving to global distribution. As you know, our overarching focus continues to be re-platforming our stores, elevating brand perception, optimizing our store fleet, and opening new locations selectively in key markets. During the quarter and consistent with our annual guidance, there was little change in our global directly operated door count. As we are now including a table detailing our openings and closures by geography and brand in our press release, I'll just touch on the highlights. In total, we added eight net Coach brand locations worldwide, all outside North America. We also opened two Stuart Weitzman locations in the quarter, one in the U.S. and one in Europe. Looking to the full year and starting with North America, in FY 2016 we continue to expect to close a total of approximately 20 retail stores and close a few outlet stores on a net basis. Taken together with a number of relocations and expansions, we expect our directly operated Coach brand square footage in North America to be essentially unchanged for the year. On the North American department store front, we ended the quarter with about 975 locations, no change from the previous quarter. And in FY 2016, we still expect to open about 10 doors. Moving to China, we still expect to open about 25 new locations for the year, closing about 5 to 10 with square footage growth of about 12% to 15% in FY 2016. In Japan, as previously announced, we will focus on our modern luxury renovations notably in stores in and around Tokyo. We'll continue to take a portfolio approach to optimizing our store base and expect about five closures and a 5% to 10% decline in our square footage for the year. In Europe, in FY 2016, we expect to open 5 to 10 directly operated stores for a square footage growth of 40%. In addition, we ended the first quarter with over 225 wholesale and multibrand locations and will continue to leverage the wholesale opportunity moving forward. In our directly operated businesses in Asia, outside of China and Japan, we are focused on developing our current store base and don't expect additional net openings or meaningful square footage growth this year. Taken together in FY 2016, we continue to expect our global Coach brand footprint across channels and geographies to be up low single digits in square footage. Closing with Stuart Weitzman distribution, we expect to open approximately 10 new directly operated locations in FY 2016. Moving to the balance sheet, inventory levels at quarter end were $575 million, including $32 million of inventory associated with Stuart Weitzman. This compared to ending inventory of $597 million for the Coach brand in the year ago period. Therefore, inventory declined 4% on a Coach, Inc. consolidated basis and 9% for the Coach brand, in line with net sales. Cash and short-term investments stood at $1.3 billion as compared to $908 million a year ago. Given our debt issuance in the third quarter of FY 2015 and the subsequent closure of the Stuart Weitzman acquisition, our total borrowings outstanding were approximately $900 million at the end of the fiscal quarter. As previously shared, we expect to use these proceeds to cover our working capital needs in light of investments in our business and the new corporate headquarters. Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter was $8 million compared to $139 million last year in Q1. Free cash flow in the quarter was an outflow of $61 million versus an inflow of $99 million in the same period last year. Working capital changes contributed to the majority of the decline in cash driven by two factors. First, higher bonus payments in the first quarter of FY 2016 versus last year as we met the performance goals laid out a year ago. Second, accelerated timing of payments. These primarily related to inventory as we prepared for the upcoming holiday season, store fixture prepayments for bulk procurement and transformation related activities. Finally, our CapEx spending was $69 million versus $40 million in the same quarter a year ago. Turning now to our financial outlook for the Coach brand on a standalone 52-week non-GAAP basis in FY 2016. As our annual plans have not changed from those shared on our fourth quarter FY 2015 earnings call, I'll be brief. First, on Coach brand sales, we expect to deliver a low single-digit increase in constant currency in fiscal year 2016. Based on current exchange rates, currency headwinds are expected to have an approximate 200 basis point negative impact on an annual revenue growth disproportionately impacting the first half. We are projecting a low single-digit aggregate comp decline in North America with eOS pressuring comp again in the second quarter, as we continue to run about two events per month versus about 10 events in last year's second quarter. As previously noted, we would expect comp to improve throughout the year with the most significant inflection occurring into – in the second quarter, the holiday quarter, driven by product innovation, renovated modern luxury stores, and our 75th anniversary marketing initiative. We expect to reach positive comps in the fourth quarter. Gross margin for the Coach brand is projected to be in the area of 70% on a constant currency basis with negative foreign currency effects expected to impact gross margin by 80 basis points to 100 basis points. SG&A expenses net of savings are still expected to grow at mid-single digit rate in constant currency and somewhat less in dollars. Expense growth ahead of sales is reflected at increased marketing spend, transformation initiatives and higher occupancy and depreciation expenses related to store renovation and flagship project timing shifts from FY 2015 to FY 2016 as discussed previously. However, given the favorability realized in Q1, which was also driven in part by the reversal of prior-year accruals, we now expect SG&A expenses to come in at the lower end of this mid-single-digit constant currency range. We continue to expect at least $50 million in incremental cost savings from our transformation and restructuring initiatives. Taken together, we expect operating margin to be in the mid to high teens. Interest expense for the year is estimated to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be in the area of 28% for the year. The expected rate reduction on a year-over-year basis is primarily attributable to the geographic mix of earnings, the ongoing benefit of available foreign tax credits, the anticipated closure of certain audits and the expiration of statutes in 2016, which will significantly impact our tax rate in the third quarter. In addition, we are forecasting Stuart Weitzman brand sales to be in the area of $335 million on a dollar basis for fiscal 2016, an increase of about 10% from FY 2015 driving Coach, Inc. consolidated revenue growth to high-single digits and adding about $0.09 to earnings per diluted share excluding charges associated with financing, short-term purchase accounting adjustments, contingent payments and integration costs. As previously noted given the lower gross margin and operating margin profile of the Stuart Weitzman business relative to the Coach brand, it will be a negative impact to consolidated gross margin rate. We expect this impact to be about 80 basis points to 90 basis points to Coach, Inc. gross margin and pressure operating margins by roughly 50 basis points in FY 2016. As a reminder, fiscal 2016 will include a 53rd week in our fiscal fourth quarter, which is expected to contribute approximately $75 million to $80 million in incremental revenue and $0.06 in earnings per diluted share on a non-GAAP basis. We still expect CapEx for FY 2016 for Coach, Inc. to be in the area of $300 million, excluding the capital cost associated with the new headquarters, which are expected to be approximately $185 million in FY 2016. There has been no change in our capital allocation policy and over the next few years our first priority is to continue to invest in our business, as we have a compelling opportunity to drive sustainable growth and value creation, and we're putting our capital against this opportunity. Our second priority, strategic acquisitions is also about growth. While we have nothing planned imminently, we want to have the flexibility to act if and when it's in the best interest of Coach and our shareholders. And third, capital returns. As I've stated before, we are committed to our dividend and expect our dividends to grow at least in line with net income growth as our transformation takes hold. Underpinning all three of these priorities are our guard rails for allocating capital effectively, maintaining strategic flexibility, strong liquidity, and access to the capital markets. In closing, we have a clear strategy and a well-articulated implementation plan for FY 2016 and we're pleased with our progress to-date. Building on this momentum we remain confident in our long-term targets. Importantly, we believe that we have the resources to fund our plan, while maintaining our dividend during our heavy investment period. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Bob Drbul with Nomura Securities. You may ask your question.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Bob.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Bob.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: I just have a couple quick question. The first one is when you look at the Chinese sales globally, it appears that many luxury brands are seeing declines in their business to the Chinese globally. However, you noted yours was up. What do you think is driving that? And second quick question if I could is within the outlet business, can you just talk about – are you driving the outlet business with a higher discount rate or what's the trend in full price product in there, and just maybe talk a little bit more about the success you're having there?
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Bob. I'll take the first one, and then pass on to Andre for the second one on outlet. In terms of China, as you mentioned, we're really pleased to be bucking the trends that many of our traditional competitors are reporting. I have just had the pleasure of spending a week with our teams in Shanghai, in Hong Kong, visited our renovated flagship stores first on Canton Road and then at Hong Kong Plaza in Shanghai, as well as IFC in Hong Kong, and was really pleased and proud of the work that the team is doing on the ground. All of those locations are being incredibly well received and our team is managing our brand incredibly well in what is of course a very turbulent environment, not only with the exchange rate fluctuations and the impact on traffic into Hong Kong and Macau, but also the domestic stock market gyrations which are now very well-publicized. As to the mainland itself, as we noted, our revenue has held at double-digit growth with positive comps and this is very much similar levels to what we saw in the fourth quarter. We continue to see the slowdown in Hong Kong and Macau with the Chinese as well, of course, as in South Korea with the impact of MERS and some slowdown here in North America due to currency fluctuations, but we have seen PRC growth in the mainland, of course, and in Japan and Europe more than make up for those drops in the specific locations mentioned. In the medium-term, I think we can expect the MERS impact to lessen in South Korea. In fact, we are already, as we head into this quarter, beginning to see that which is great news. And over the medium term we also expect a better Hong Kong, Macau trend, especially in Q4, as we anniversary the slowdown there. I just think it really speaks to the great work of our teams and increasingly our transformation taking hold. I'll now pass on to Andre for your question on outlet.
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: Hello, Bob. For outlet, well, first in general, we've been pleased with the sequential improvements of the business there from the last quarter to this one. Discount rates are actually slightly lower than they were last quarter, so we're making progress there with more elevated product and a high share of Stuart Vevers designed product. And in terms of your question on full-price product in outlet, actually the proportions remained similar to what it's been historically, actually slightly lower, so there's slightly more made-for-outlet product selling through at the moment.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joan Payson with Barclays. You may ask your question.
Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Joan.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head-IR & Corporate Communications: Good morning, Joan.
Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I think you talked a little bit about the under $300 handbag comping positively now, and I was wondering if you could just give a little more detail in terms of what percentage of the business that segment is, when the last time it was that it comped positive? And then in hand with that, you also mentioned that Logo was still down year-over-year. So just when you expect that piece of the business to stabilize?
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: Sure. So essentially our above $400 business, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, was up in units. We've seen a very good growth between $400 and $600, a significant comp growth there, above $600 assortments being a little lighter than it was last year, so there we saw a drop actually, which resulted in a drop in AUR about $400 and that's an opportunity we see in the future for 1941 as we launch that label. Now below $300, we've actually filled gaps in the assortment, so there we've seen a significant increase and we think that bodes really well actually for the holidays where we had gaps as we know last year.
Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And just in terms of the Logo business as well?
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: The Logo business has continued decline, as we focused on leather, capitalizing on a trend in the market that's moving more towards non-Logo products. So it's down this quarter. I don't see that trend changing significantly over the next couple of quarters.
Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anna Andreeva from Oppenheimer. You may ask your question.
Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks so much. Good morning, and congrats on seeing nice progress.
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: Thank you.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Anna Andreeva - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): I guess a question on the comp improvement. Is that being driven more by outlet versus full-price or should we think both channels are performing about equally right now? And as we think to the positive comp inflection in the fourth quarter of 2016, should one channel lead the other? Thanks so much.
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: Sure. So we've seen improvements in terms of comps sequentially in both channels. It has been led by retail where there we've seen good trends in both conversion and traffic improving sequentially. ADT average transactions have remained positive in retail. We've seen a similar trend in outlet but a bit more muted than in retail.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ike Boruchow with Wells Fargo. You may ask your question.
Ike B. Boruchow - Sterne Agee CRT: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: Good morning, Ike.
Ike B. Boruchow - Sterne Agee CRT: I just wanted to quickly talk about the North America comp, specifically the eOS impact, just 1.5% this quarter, well below last quarter's impact. I would've thought there would've been a larger drag this quarter. Maybe, Victor, can you comment if anything changed during the quarter, meaning did you expect a greater negative impact before the quarter started and maybe pull back less for some reason? And any color would be helpful.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. Very much per our plan, Ike. Last year this time we had 13 events. We've been very much planning about two per month and that's very much what we did this quarter as you heard in Andre's prepared remarks with seven events. So very much per our expectations, nothing different.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: And, Ike, for Q2 you'll recall we're overlapping ten events in the prior-year fiscal quarter, so we called out that we'd expect the impact to be slightly less in Q2.
Ike B. Boruchow - Sterne Agee CRT: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS. You may ask your question.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. You guys have a really heavy mix of your annual earnings that happen during the holiday. So obviously the stock takes a lot of cues from trends in the second quarter. You've obviously been very clear about guiding us to the biggest sequential improvement of the year happening in the second quarter in the comps for North America. Obviously, you've talked a few times about identifying a few gaps in the assortment with the bags under $300, but can you give us a little bit more of how you're thinking of – how you build up your plan to get to that bigger step-up, because I think it will be pretty meaningful for the path of the stock from here.
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: Sure. So it's really about the three pillars that we've been talking about for the past two quarters coming together, so products, marketing obviously and distribution. In terms of product, as I mentioned earlier, we have filled gaps in the below $300 bracket, which I think were an opportunity last holiday season. So a lot more in both channels, frankly, retail and outlets, a lot more of an offering in the below $300 bracket. We've also added I think a lot more emotion and elevation at the same time in our stores, a big focus on gifting, I mentioned shearling, metallics, glitter, et cetera, in full price and outlet. The other thing in outlet is we had a gap we know, an opportunity last year in gift sets below $100. We tripled our investment in that area. So I think we're positioned much better in terms of product, certainly, than we were a year ago. We're also building on the momentum of all the marketing activities that started with the runway show. That continues to gather momentum and obviously we're continuing to see strength in our modern luxury renovations. So we think the three pillars are going to be slowly coming together this quarter. Also I should note that the momentum that we saw in Q1 has continued into October, so that we think bodes well for the holiday.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: If I could follow up with one quickly. The comment that we still expect comps to go positive by fourth quarter, can you talk about, with the outlet driving so much of the North America comp, what do you need to happen between today and the fourth quarter at the outlets? You said they're still negative but improving sequentially at a slower pace than retail. What do you think – which of maybe the components' traffic conversion need to accelerate the most to get to the overall North America comp positive by fourth quarter?
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: Sure. We think the conversion is the metric that's going to be improving the most. We've maintained positive ADTs. We see that continuing, but conversion is the metric that we're expecting to improve sequentially in both channels the most.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Oliver Chen with Cowen and Company. You may ask your question.
Oliver Chen - Cowen and Company, LLC: Hi. Thanks for the comments and the product is looking really sequentially improved. Regarding...
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Oliver.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Oliver Chen - Cowen and Company, LLC: Sure. The outlet side, we're just curious about the progress on the renovations and learnings that you've had on your earlier renovations versus the ones you're doing going forward and any changes you're making kind of to the store experience there and how you assort Stuart's and lay out Stuart's new product.
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: Yes. So we've seen on the outlet front first in product an increasing share of Stuart designed product and that's been impacting performance obviously. The modern luxury renovations that we've completed so far have been outperforming the rest of the chain, so that's given us confidence to continue to deploy that plan. The one learning I'd say is in the men's renovations, men's modern luxury renovations in outlet where we've seen less of an impact candidly and I think that comes from the fact that the men's doors are more recent doors. The modern luxury doesn't look as different as it does from the core doors, so our focus is going to be more on our core outlet doors in terms of renovations.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Oliver, we talked about it last quarter, but one of the learnings that we did call out last quarter was just that our lighter touch renovations were not yielding the improvement that we had expected, and so we've moved away from essentially the paint and carpet, if you will, to actually doing a little heavier renovation, which gets us the lift as we replace fixturing. The good news is that our overall cost of renovations through bulk purchasing and procurement activities has gone down, so we're able to accommodate that shift, while lowering our total capital cost expectations for our fleet renovation.
Oliver Chen - Cowen and Company, LLC: And on the outlet side, you're pleased with the renovations and kind of how the customer has been shopping the newer stores there.
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: Very much so, Oliver, and I would say globally.
Oliver Chen - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Thank you. Best regards.
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: Thank you.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Randy Konik with Jefferies. You may ask your question.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: Yes. Thanks a lot. Quick question on the outlets again. So I think you talked about the Logo penetration in full-price down to about 5%, but I think you said 30% in outlets. So is that Logo penetration, is that still a headwind then in the outlet division? And strategically, how do you think about where you want the Logo penetration to be in outlets versus where they are in full-price? And if I could just add one more, are you seeing any differences in product trends in the wholesale channel from what you're seeing in the retail channel at current time? Thanks.
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: So the Logo penetration has dropped in outlet. It's at about 30% now versus roughly 40% a year ago. It's an integral part of the business. It's obviously become smaller than it was a few years and quarters ago. We see that continuing to decline slowly, while leather has been comping positive in outlet, and that's something that I think is very consistent with Coach's core equities. We stand really for leather, so. The wholesale question I may let Victor on.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I didn't get the question.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: I'm just curious if you're seeing any differences in product trends or product perception or what people are buying in your wholesale channel distribution relative to the retail channel distribution. Just curious there.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, not dramatically. Of course, we're seeing a slightly higher promotional cadence within the wholesale channel in general, a little bit more price competition which is leading to the below $300 bucket having a higher penetration overall, but in general I would say no really dramatic differences.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: Helpful. Thank you.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks. Your next question comes from Brian Tunick with Royal Bank of Canada. You may ask your question.
Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Jay Tunick - RBC Capital Markets LLC: I guess two questions. I know you guys do a lot of customer surveys out there. So with the category growing low-single digits, just curious, I mean, what are you hearing from your customers regarding where their spending is? Are their closets full of handbags already or they're just waiting for more newness? And then on the store closing side, can you talk about maybe what kind of transfer rate you're seeing or maybe the web shopper? What are you watching to see what the right footprint may be is for your full-price business? Thanks very much.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'll take the first question and then pass on to Andre in terms of the store closings here specifically in North America, Brian. In terms of the consumer survey, it's very much as you mentioned, we see consumers a little bit on the sidelines. Obviously there's a lot of macro and currency and other issues that are impacting global trends today. But as we've mentioned over the last call and, again, I think are seeing in our most recent quarterly survey, consumers are looking to be inspired and they're looking for newness and innovation. Our transformation is very focused on that and we're incredibly excited, of course, by the progress that we're seeing, especially through our full-price channel. Andre, maybe on the...
Andre Cohen - President-North America Region: Sure. So we've seen very minimal transfer of sales from closed doors. The doors we closed were primarily smaller doors that had limited material impact on the rest of the chain. And look, we'll continue to evaluate and optimize our fleet. As leases come up, we'll make decisions on continuing on closures so that's an ongoing process. We are closing about 22 doors this year, as Jane mentioned, so that's in the plans.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray. You may ask your questions.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great. Thanks. Good morning and congrats on the progress.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Erinn.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): I was hoping you guys could clarify the October trends. I mean you mentioned in North America improving quarter-to-date. What have you seen in China just given that October encompassed Golden Week? And then I guess the follow up on the wholesale side of the business, I would just love to hear how department stores are managing their open-to-buy dollars in the handbag category overall. And then there's a lot of concern on traffic in department stores broadly, both apparel, footwear (1:00:34). Did that vary much for you throughout the quarter? Thanks.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head-IR & Corporate Communications: Thanks, Erinn, for your 42 questions. I'll pass that over to Victor.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I would say we haven't seen any change from the previous quarter to this quarter in any one of those areas. Very consistent really. PRC has continued along the same lines as we saw last quarter and I would say that in the department store it's very consistent as well.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Thank you, guys.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head-IR & Corporate Communications: Thank you all. That concludes our Q&A. It is now 9:30 AM. The market is opening. I will now turn it over to Victor Luis for some concluding remarks. Victor?
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you all for listening. I just want to close by thanking and congratulating our Coach teams globally. Thanks to their hard work, their perseverance and, of course, their excellence in execution, our transformation remains very much on plan. We're pleased with the progress that we're seeing here in North America, of course, with the sequential improvement in our business which has been led, as we have always expected, by our full-price channel where we have put the greatest investments and focus. In what is a rather turbulent global environment for the category, our balanced and strong franchise in Asia as well as our greenfield opportunity in Europe is serving us well. And lastly, I'm excited by the emerging trends that we've seen at the Stuart Weitzman brand, not only thanks to the very strong product foundation that they have but also thanks to the very strong and growing momentum that we're seeing with them in Asia. So all bodes well for us for the rest of the fiscal year. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude the Coach earnings conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-08-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer Andre Cohen - President, North America
Analysts: Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Inc. Janet Lynne Knopf - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) David A. Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to this Coach Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly and annual results are Victor Luis, Coach's Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Coach's CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon a number of important factors, including risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends, or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences, controlled costs, successfully execute our transformation initiatives and growth strategies, or our ability to achieve intended benefits, cost savings and synergies from the acquisition. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ending December 27, 2014, and March 28, 2015, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Please note that historical trends may not be indicative of future performance. Also, certain financial information and metrics that will be discussed today will be presented on a non-GAAP basis, which you may identify by the terms non-GAAP, as adjusted, constant currency, or excluding transformation-related charges or acquisition costs. You may find the corresponding GAAP financial information or metric, as well as the related reconciliation, on our website www.coach.com/investors. And then viewing the earnings release posted today. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our fourth fiscal quarter and annual 2015 milestones and learnings and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives. Jane Nielsen will follow with details on financial and operational results for the quarter and year, along with our outlook for FY 2016. After that, we will hold a Q&A session where we will be joined by Andre Cohen, President, North America. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Victor will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I'd now like to turn the call over to Victor Luis, Coach's CEO.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, we are pleased with our fourth-quarter and full-year progress on the comprehensive plan we laid out a year ago to reinvigorate our business and brand. Our execution of these strategic initiatives and resulting performance has been consistent with our expectations and underscores our confidence in the path we've chosen. As we moved through fiscal 2015, we drove sequential improvement in our North America bricks and mortar business while dramatically reducing the number of promotional impressions in the marketplace against the backdrop of heightened promotional activity. In addition, our international businesses posted moderate growth on a constant currency basis, highlighted by a double-digit increase in Europe and strong growth in China where sales approached $600 million. Sales growth in China was driven entirely by the Mainland, as Hong Kong and Macau continued to experience traffic declines from a decrease in PRC tourists. We also took an important step in becoming a multi-brand company with the acquisition of Stuart Weitzman, which will be an additional growth driver for the company. As noted previously, we will develop each brand separately. Over the long term, we will learn from each other, driving synergies across our respective businesses. Specifically, we will leverage Coach's international infrastructure and expertise in handbags and accessories to develop Stuart Weitzman's handbag and accessories business. And in turn, Coach will benefit from the Stuart Weitzman expertise in footwear development where they're proven leaders in fashion and fit. Though early days, we've been pleased with Stuart Weitzman's integration into the Coach Inc. family, leveraging our shared core brand equities and common values. Similar to Coach, it's a brand built on offering innovation, relevance and value to a loyal customer base and is known for its craftsmanship and quality. Now, as has been our recent practice, I'd like to share some of the actions we've taken to build momentum across our three key brand pillars of product, stores and marketing as well as our updated learnings. Starting with product. Overall in fiscal 2015, we successfully re-platformed our offering with the introduction of Stuart Vevers product across all geographies, channels and categories. This new product is innovative and authentic to Coach, and we are pleased with the reaction from both existing and new customers to Stuart's first seasons. In addition to our successful fashion week presentations, we've started to engage in a rich dialogue with the fashion community driving awareness, relevance and credibility. More specifically, [technical difficulty] (05:26) designs represented virtually all of our retail stores' women's offerings during the fourth quarter, led by our key Swagger family, which we expanded to include new colors and shapes and the recent launch of the Carryall silhouette. The Swagger family is distinctively Coach, leveraging our signature iconic turnlock hardware. We reaffirmed that fashion, when supported by marketing, drives high sell-throughs. This has been the case with great success we've experienced with Swagger, and more recently with our Turnlock Tie Rucksack, which was the feature style worn by Chloe Grace Moretz in our spring ad campaign and arrived in stores in June, significantly exceeding expectations. We were particularly pleased with the performance of some of our playful disruptive offerings such as our Snoopy Collection which garnered global attention in social media and fashion press alike, driving engagement and traffic to stores. In our outlet stores globally, Stuart's impact has expanded with its product representing about half of our outlet stores' women's assortment during the fourth quarter. Generally, our fashion-inspired product has been well received by outlet consumers, which speaks to the halo that retail is providing to the overall brand. A great example of this success is our Badlands Print program which has had higher than expected sell-throughs. We know our outlook consumer is fashionable, yet value-conscious, and we are designing product for this customer that reinforces our overall brand's aesthetic and modern luxury positioning. In June, we presented our men's 2016 line at London Collection Men's and were delighted with the presence from fashion influencers in the editorial community, building on the positive buzz that was generated from our first show in January. And in September, we will have our first true runway show at New York Fashion Week, featuring the initial collection of our anniversary year, delivering in February 2016. On stores. As you know, this year, we launched and began the initial rollout of a new modern luxury store concept across retail and outlet channels globally. This design, which takes inspiration from our New York heritage, is compelling, warm and inviting, differentiating us from the white glass and chrome boxes of our past that are now pervasive in the marketplace. This store concept is a key element of our transformation strategy, aimed at changing brand perception. And we've been thrilled with the performance of our renovated and new stores in this format where customer response has been positive, particularly in North America where results have been ahead of internal projections. More specifically, during the quarter, we renovated 84 stores globally, bringing the total to 108 for fiscal year 2015. In North America, we had 66 renovations, 52 retail, including 45 full renovations and seven light-touch warm-ups as well as 14 outlets, consistent with our plan. In addition, we opened 26 new stores during the fourth quarter in the modern luxury concept for a total of 42 for the year, including a handful in North America. Therefore, at year end, we had a total of 150 stores globally in the new design, 80 in international, and 70 in North America, representing about 15% of our directly-operated store base. In North America, the 45 fully-renovated retail stores generated positive comps in aggregate in the fourth quarter, representing a significant inflection in trends post renovation and out-performance versus the balance of retail stores. Generally, the sales improvement has been driven by a lift in traffic, while conversion and ticket comps also outpaced the balance of chain. In outlet, though very early days with nearly all renovations occurring in late June, we've seen a significant improvement compared to the balance of fleet in the period post renovation. Internationally, we are also very pleased with the performance of our modern luxury doors, which, similar to North America, are outperforming the balance of locations. We are encouraged by the results we're seeing across geographies and channels in both new and renovated locations. Moving forward, we are accelerating our modern luxury store opening and renovation plans for fiscal 2016 and expect to complete about 60 renovations in North America and about 100 internationally, including the projects that shifted from fiscal year 2015 as previously announced. In addition, we expect to open 60 to 70 new stores during the year. Therefore, by the end of fiscal 2016, we would expect roughly 40% of our store base to be in the modern luxury concept. We are also pleased to share that as part of our global flagship strategy, in addition to our previously-announced Paris location, we are finalizing negotiations for a store on Fifth Avenue to open in calendar 2016. Our intention is to create a true Coach house, celebrating Coach's heritage and history of craftsmanship. With a bespoke facade and modern luxury interior, it will provide an appropriate showcase for the full expression of our women's and men's collections including bags, small leather goods, footwear and ready-to-wear, in addition to offering a full range of customization and leather services. In addition, based on our learnings in North America, we will no longer be doing light touch warm-ups as we found that these changes are not disruptive enough to drive a true inflection. Importantly, we have identified opportunities to cost engineer more extensive renovations for a cost not much greater than the warm-ups. As you know, the second part of our two-pronged store strategy is fleet optimization. For the year, in keeping with our plan, we closed 75 North American retail locations. In addition, we closed 14 outlet stores, including 11 men's-only outlet locations, which we folded into existing stores, leveraging the team and cross-shopping opportunity. And as noted in our previous calls, in January, we closed two outlet stores identified as part of our learning agenda, which I will discuss in more detail later during the call. In North American department stores, we completed 300 case lines to open sell conversions in line with our plan, which has enhanced the shopping experience and elevated brand presentation in this channel. We also introduced the shop manager program in the wholesale channel, hiring approximately 30 shop managers in fiscal 2015. This is below our goal of 50 for the year as we are maximizing the program's effectiveness on an individual location basis. Therefore, some of the hires have shifted into FY 2016. Importantly, moving forward, we are taking the learnings from our successful renovations in directly-operated stores and are using them to inform the development of the modern luxury concept for our North America wholesale channel. We expect to renovate over 50 doors in this new format in fiscal year 2016. On the marketing front, during the year and in keeping with our strategy, we made significant strides in building positive impressions, amplifying our brand voice across platforms, while at the same time, dramatically reducing promotional messages in the marketplace. Starting with our comprehensive marketing strategy, during the fourth quarter, we continued to build on our Dreamers campaign featuring Chloe Grace Moretz and Kid Cudi, which complemented our fashion campaign from the prior quarter. We expanded our social media presence in Q4, launching on two new social channels, Snapchat and LINE, a major platform in Japan and other Asian markets. Both new platforms allow us to reach new audiences with unique content. We've also seen increasing engagement on existing social platforms such as Instagram where follower growth increased over 65%, and engagement rose over 100% from the third quarter. We were amongst the first brands to Periscope our men's spring presentation at London Collection Men's, coupled with other social media amplification, driving four times the impressions that we saw from our fall presentation in the prior half. Most recently, in June, we began to launch our #coachpups campaign, which feature celebrity dogs with new Coach bags photographed by the iconic Steven Meisel. As of last week, the campaign had generated over 1 billion impressions globally, including the most successful film launch to-date on YouTube. In June, we hosted our unique 2015 Summer Party on the High Line, celebrating the creative energy of New York City and our company's support of the High Line, driving significant social buzz on Instagram and Twitter. And finally on marketing, in celebration of our New York roots and heritage in gloved tanned leather, we launched the partnership as the official luxury accessories brand of the New York Yankees to further drive brand awareness amongst male consumers. Marketing activities include in-stadium advertising, events and player initiatives. On the customer experience front, as we enter into the new fiscal year, we are very pleased with the progress that we've made in elevating our overall store customer experience. While we have long been known for great customer service, our elevated modern luxury approach provides our sales associates with the tools needed to enhance meaningful and authentic customer relationships, driven through knowledge and clienteling. In addition, in the next couple of months, we will introduce a new modern luxury uniform to our sales associates globally, signaling them as trusted brand ambassadors. We will also introduce a craftsmanship bar in select stores globally, providing monogramming and bag treatment services. And as we increased our positive brand impressions, we've also pulled back on our North American promotional activity. Consistent with our previously-announced strategy, during the fourth quarter, we reduced the cadence of invitation-only eOS flash sales from three a week last year to about two a month this quarter. This is consistent with the prior quarter and our goal to be down to about two events per month by the end of the fiscal year. In addition and as previously announced, we held our summer semi-annual sale event which began around Memorial Day and ended shortly after July 4. This was as planned and allowed us to take advantage of the higher traffic during these holidays. Also in keeping with our plan, there were no Coach-day events in North American department stores during the fourth quarter as compared to an average of approximately 30 days across wholesale accounts in the fourth quarter of 2014. And as a result of these efforts, we are seeing progress with consumers. Our annual North America brand-tracking survey fielded in late May and June showed an improvement among the broad premium market that Coach has perceived as less promotional, while our brand affinities are strong overall. So, while we understand this is a journey, we are pleased with all that we've accomplished this past year and will continue to update you on these initiatives as we move forward. Turning now to a discussion of global category trends. Overall for the year, we estimate that growth in the North American premium women's market, excluding moderate brands with an average handbag price point below $100, grew at mid-single-digit rate, approaching $12 billion as bags and accessories continue to represent a growing portion of her wardrobing spend. The premium men's market in North America demonstrated solid growth, also rising at a mid-single-digit pace to over $1 billion. Therefore, the combined North American premium women's and men's market rose at about 6% in FY 2015 to approximately $13 billion, with Coach representing a combined market share of about 17%. Before moving on, I did want to touch on some recent category trends. During the fourth quarter and specifically in the month of June, by our estimation, we did see a further moderation in category growth from the March quarter's mid-single-digit rate. Growth was primarily impacted by a slowdown among some top players. Importantly, against this backdrop, Coach's sales of women's bags and accessories, while still negative, actually improved sequentially in North America. Moving forward, we have long said and history shows that times of inflection in the category in North America and globally have been driven by innovation and differentiation. Simply put, consumers are looking to be inspired and delighted, and our transformation is focused on doing just that: creating desire through differentiation, great quality products that our consumers covet, and building brand resonance by sharing our rich and unique brand story. We continue to believe that there is no better place to be in fashion than handbags and accessories, with long-term growth potential in both developed and developing markets and have tremendous confidence in our team's proven ability to execute our vision globally. Therefore, while category trends may continue to be volatile in North America and globally in the near term, due in part to changing tourist flows and currency movements, especially the U.S. dollar and the euro, we are focused on capitalizing on the opportunity in front of us. More specifically, we remain confident in our ability to drive continued improvement in our business with a return to positive comps in North America by the end of fiscal 2016. And of course, as a lifestyle and multi-brand company, we also participate in categories outside of women's bags and accessories. We've consistently referred to men's as a growth driver for Coach, and I've already mentioned some of our initiatives to raise awareness through our global fashion presentations and collaborations. In FY 2015, as expected, our global men's business was approximately $700 million and represented 17% of Coach brand sales. We continue to be bullish about the prospect for our global men's category and are continuing to target $1 billion in sales in calendar 2017. We also remain focused on building Coach Inc.'s market share within the fragmented $27 billion global premium footwear category, which is growing at a mid-single-digit pace. Looking ahead, we see significant growth opportunities for the Stuart Weitzman and Coach brands. For context, Coach and Stuart Weitzman brands combined do approximately $800 million in global women's footwear sales at retail today, representing approximately 4% of the global premium women's $18 billion category and 8% of the $7 billion North American women's premium footwear category. While Jane will provide additional details on sales in both FY 2015 and FY 2016 distribution by geography, I did want to touch on some current trends and strategies by market, starting with North America. As you read in our release, for both the quarter and year, our total sales in North America were down 20%, impacted by our deliberate actions to curtail promotions and elevate brand perception. For the quarter, in aggregate and as planned, our total store comp was down at negative 10% in Q4, with higher ticket offset by a decline in traffic which was hurt in part by the overall weak mall trends as well as lower conversion. Our total comp was pressured an additional nine points by eOS as we pulled back from three flash sales events a week in last year's fourth quarter to about two events a month, in line with the third quarter and plan. Looking at results sequentially, both average transaction size and conversion comp improved, driving the comp uptick in our bricks and mortar stores as elevated fashion and compelling novelty styles drove improved handbag performance. I know many of you are also interested to hear an update on the impact of the 75 retail store closures on revenue and in turn, sales transfer to the existing fleet. As a reminder and as noted in our analyst day presentation last June and on our calls, these were the least productive stores in our fleet, so their impact to overall revenues and operating income is very small. Similarly, the sales transfer and impact to comp in those markets where other retail stores were present was also expected to be small. Since January, when the bulk of these stores closed, the results have been inconsistent across markets. In some cases such as Miami, Southern California and North Texas, we have seen a lift notably in traffic. In other areas such as Chicago and Georgia, we haven't seen any noticeable change yet, though we will continue to monitor overall results moving forward. As mentioned, we also closed 11 men's outlet stores which were successfully folded into women's locations in the same malls as well as two core outlet stores as part of our learning agenda originally discussed at our Analyst Day last year. As a reminder, these closures were executed to better understand the crossover between outlet and retail stores. To provide additional detail, we chose one store that was largely a tourist destination and one that had a higher penetration of local customers who primarily shopped at this location. Consistent with our expectation, customers shopping in the tourist store had a return rate that was similar to the balance of outset stores, meaning these customers did return to other Coach outlet stores. However, in the case of the local store, we saw a customer return rate that was about half the balance of chain, meaning these customers did not transfer to other Coach outlet stores. These results are consistent with our early findings and our expectations. We continue to see customers remain dedicated to their preferred channel. And if we close a customer's primary outlet store, we simply lose a substantial portion of the business. Of course, we will continue to analyze shopping behaviors over a longer time period to see if these early takeaways remain valid. Now drilling down a bit more on our retail performance and the metrics we traditionally share. The above-$400 price bucket continued to grow in penetration, so another positive comp on a sales and unit basis and represented nearly 30% of handbag sales versus just over 20% last year. Leather continued to outpace logo across all channels, and we are designing into this trend. It is both a shift that favors Coach long-term giving our heritage in leather goods and elevates our impressions in the marketplace. In the fourth quarter, logo across all categories represented less than 5% of retail sales, and in outlet, logo was roughly a third of sales, down year-over-year in both channels. And as expected, we continued to see relative out-performance in the 12 MSAs in North America where we are most focused and where we are distorting our attention. As you know, over the last 15 months, we've changed our approach to customer events in the retail channel, moving to a semi-annual open sale model, while significantly reducing the number of targeted or closed customer events focused on our best customers, formally known as PCEs. As a result of these strategic changes, the number of days and dollars associated with the promotion decreased significantly on a year-over-year basis in fiscal year 2015. In terms of learnings, we have found that our semi-annual open sales have served as a recruitment vehicle for new customers. As a result, in FY 2016, we plan to test two short-duration open sale events over key periods such as Black Friday, with the intent of attracting new retail customers. At the same time, we plan to adjust the cadence and further reduce our closed targeted customer events to two a year, the next of which is scheduled to begin this September. Importantly, we continue to evolve and optimize the timing and type of events. Our goal is to further reduce the number of days on promotion in our retail channel in FY 2016. Moving on to International, most generally and similarly to North America, we're distorting our focus in developed markets towards maximizing productivity. We're taking a portfolio approach to our store base, investing in our best locations where we'll see the biggest return and culling where appropriate. While in developing markets, we're continuing to open stores taking advantage of the real estate opportunities, in all markets, we're increasing marketing and investment in the modern luxury store experience, using such elements as craftsmanship bars to underscore our heritage and history of authenticity. In China, consistent with what we and other brands have reported throughout the year, we're seeing significant volatility in results. Hong Kong and Macau continue to be impacted by the dramatic slowdown in inbound tourist traffic, notably from the Mainland. As noted, our business declined there in the fourth quarter and we expect this continued pressure in the near term. On the Mainland, we continued to see strong results driven by both distribution and comp. Despite some macro slowdown, we remain optimistic on the prospects of this market over time as the long-term drivers we've consistently mentioned remain intact. As shared, we met our greater China goal for FY 2015 at nearly $595 million and are targeting modest sale gains in FY 2016 of about 5%, similar to our growth in the fourth quarter, to about $625 million, reflecting the current market conditions. It's important to note that we do see the Chinese tourist as an increasingly large part of our business globally, and we have experienced strengthening in Chinese tourist spending in other locations. We are staffing into this trend, increasing the number of Mandarin-speaking associates in geographies such as Japan and Europe. Japan remains a mature market and we are distorting investment to our high-profile Tokyo location stores and flagships while optimizing our fleet. Our constant currency sales increase in the fourth quarter reflected the anniversary of the consumption tax increase and the rise in Mainland Chinese tourists, as I mentioned. The response to our new modern luxury stores from the Chinese – from the Japanese has been positive, seen most notably in conversion in these locations. In Europe, our brand is growing rapidly. We generated significant double-digit sales growth in the quarter and year, driven both by distribution and comp, and met our target of $90 million in sales for fiscal year 2015. We continue to believe that Europe represents a significant long-term opportunity for Coach, with domestic shoppers and the international tourists notably in key European cities, where the affordable luxury segment is outperforming traditional luxury. We have taken a dual-pronged approach to the region, growing our directly-operated store base in key European capitals and rapidly growing our brand through wholesale distribution, both department stores and multi-brand locations, to raise awareness with the local consumer. We are especially excited about the opening of our first Paris flagship on Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré this fall. Overall, we expect that fiscal year 2016 will be another year of very strong growth with sales growing to about $125 million. Over our planning horizon, our goal is to achieve over $0.5 billion in sales at retail, representing a mid-single digit share of the premium men's and women's bag and accessory market. In our other directly-operated Asian markets outside of China and Japan, namely South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia, which total over $200 million, our sales gains in aggregate have been modest, impacting by changing tourist flows, partially in response to country-specific issues, with MERS in Korea having a significant impact in the fourth quarter. Here too, we are focused on driving productivity through our transformation initiatives. Looking ahead, we are excited about our fiscal year 2016 product introductions which are focused on two primary initiatives, taking product learnings from fiscal year 2015: first, resetting Essentials, our core assortment. The turnlock tote available in crossgrain leather at a compelling $295 price point incorporates customer feedback around the Taxi Tote of fall 2014 by adding function and distinctive Coach elements, differentiating it from the competitive set. Stanton, which arrived in July, an everyday chic carryall with effortless style of the downtown New York Street it was named for, and expanding and updating our Edie family with additional sizes, including the Edie 31 and Edie 28 and in a new color palette. We are applying our learnings from last year during the holiday quarter. Specifically, our goal is to be a bolder destination for gifting with a balanced assortment and broader offering at opening price points, incorporating seasonal fashion elements such as shearling and shine. Second, we shall further develop our fashion families. Building on the success of Swagger, we are further animating this silhouette with color block and patch-work options and new shapes throughout the year. We are adding Mercer for spring, a new satchel offered in two sizes with a downtown attitude. And we are bringing in newness with Ace and Nomad, which were features of our Fall 2015 New York Fashion Week presentation. Both silhouettes, offered in glove-tanned leather, speak to our history. We are also looking forward to celebrating Coach's 75th anniversary in 2016, where we will fuse our brand heritage and legacy of craftsmanship with product innovation to reinforce our positioning as the original American house of leather. Without giving too much away, through this year-long celebration, you can expect a series of brand and product campaigns and events in support of our re-imaged iconic products, whimsical play concepts, and Coach as a fashion-relevant lifestyle brand. Activities kick off this September where we will present our collection of calendar 2016 at our first-ever, full runway show during New York Fashion Week. Now, I will turn it over to Jane for details on our financial results and guidance for the years ahead. Jane?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Victor. Following Victor's overview of the highlights of the quarter and the year, as well as our transformation progress and learnings, I would just like to add that one year in, we are very much on track from an investment and restructuring perspective. We've taken the majority of our total expected transformation-related charges over the last five quarters totaling about $275 million, including right-sizing our inventory levels. We expect to incur the balance of these charges, around $50 million, by the end of FY 2016, primarily related to global store closures and organization effectiveness, bringing the total multi-year charge to about $325 million. We've invested in re-platforming our stores and wholesale doors, so the timing of some projects has moved from FY 2015 into FY 2016 as we've noted previously. We've been able to cost-engineer our new modern luxury concept, enabling us to do more extensive renovations at a lower overall cost. Therefore, we now expect to spend about $450 million to renovate our global fleet, down from previous guidance of $570 million. We've realized cost savings from our initiatives around restructuring and organization efficiency sooner than we expected, achieving about $100 million in FY 2015 and expect an incremental $50 million in FY 2016 for an annualized rate of $150 million. And we've exceeded the financial targets we set out for the Coach brand for the full year on a non-GAAP, constant currency basis. As you may remember, we expected to land FY 2015 at a low double-digit decline in revenues on a constant currency basis. And, for the Coach brand, sales were down 12% for the year on this basis. For North American comps, we originally expected store sales to be down high teens given the pullback in promotion, with a significant reduction in eOutlet, or eOS events, pressuring comp by an additional 10 points, yielding an aggregate comp of down in the high 20%s. For FY 2015, store comps were down 15% with sequential improvement each quarter, while total comps declined 22%. We targeted a gross margin of 69% to 70% for the Coach brand for the year and came in at 69.7% on a non-GAAP basis. We targeted growth of low- to mid-single digits in SG&A dollars for the Coach brand, but were actually down 1% on a non-GAAP basis, in part due to lower occupancy and depreciation expenses related to renovation and flagship store timing, the benefit of the stronger dollar and the realization of cost savings faster than anticipated. And we guided to a high teens operating margin, which actualized at a non-GAAP rate of 18.9% for the Coach brand. Finally, we originally expected CapEx to total about $350 million to $400 million excluding our headquarter spend in FY 2015 and actualized at about $200 million, with some shift into FY 2016 primarily associated with project timing, including some key flagship locations. Consistent with this shift, in total, our distribution growth for the year was flat across all channels and geographies. Similarly, our fourth quarter performance for the Coach brand was in line with expectations shared in our April call and in keeping with our annual guidance on a non-GAAP basis. For the Coach brand, our quarterly revenues declined 15%, with North America down 20% and International down 5%. On a constant currency basis, Coach brand revenues decreased 12% overall, with North America sales down 19% and International sales up 3%, reflecting the impact of the strong dollar, notably on the Canadian dollar and the yen. Our gross margin for the Coach brand was 69.5% in the fourth quarter on a non-GAAP basis. The year-over-year increase in gross margin in Q4 was due to channel mix, driven by International sales outpacing North America, as well as a significant decline in disposition sales, partially offset by a negative production variance impact as expected. SG&A expenses as a percent of net sales totaled 56.4% compared to 49% in the year-ago quarter, all on a non-GAAP basis. Therefore, taken together, the Coach brand non-GAAP operating margin was 12.7% in Q4. And on a Coach, Inc. non-GAAP basis, the acquisition of Stuart Weitzman in early May contributed $43 million to fourth-quarter and full-year revenue. Therefore, on a consolidated Coach, Inc. basis, sales declined 12% for the quarter or 8% in constant currency and declined 13% for the year or 11% in constant currency. Excluding transformation-related charges and acquisition costs, Coach, Inc. net income for the quarter totaled $85 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.31. Stuart Weitzman contributed $3 million and $0.01 to the quarter. Now turning to GAAP metrics, during the fourth quarter of FY 2015, we recorded charges of $66 million under our multi-year transformation plan. These charges consisted primarily of accelerated depreciation for renovations, lease termination costs related to store closures and organizational efficiency costs. In addition, we recorded costs of approximately $21 million associated with the acquisition of Stuart Weitzman. These actions taken together increased the SG&A expense by about $83 million and cost of sales by about $5 million, negatively impacting net income by $73 million after tax or about $0.21 per diluted share in the fourth quarter. As a reminder, during the fourth quarter of FY 2014, we recorded charges of approximately $130 million for transformation and other related actions. These charges consisted primarily of the realignment of inventory, impairment charges and a portion of the costs related to store closures. In aggregate, these actions increased our COGS by $82 million and SG&A expenses by $49 million in the period, negatively impacting net income by $88 million after tax or $0.31 per diluted share. Therefore, including these charges, reported net income for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 totaled $12 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.04, bringing the total year net income to $402 million and earnings per diluted share of $1.45. This compares to FY 2014 fourth quarter net income of $75 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.27, which brought the total year FY 2014 net income to $781 million and earnings per share of $2.79 on a GAAP basis. Now, taking a deeper dive into the drivers of our fourth-quarter and full-year sales by geography, including distribution growth and starting with our domestic businesses. As you read in our release, our FY 2015 sales in North America decreased 20%. North American direct sales also declined 20% for the year with comps down 22%, including the impact of reduced eOutlet events, which pressured total comps by seven percentage points. At POS, sales in North America department stores declined about 20% from prior year, while shipments into this channel also declined similarly as planned. For the fourth quarter, North American sales fell 20%. Comparable store sales decreased 19%, reflecting a 10% decline in store comp with an additional nine percentage points of pressure from the decrease in eOS events. At POS, sales in North America department stores declined at mid 20%s versus prior year as expected, reflecting the elimination of Coach-specific promotional events from the prior year, while shipments into the department stores declined somewhat less. During the fourth quarter, we closed 19 North America retail stores, taking us to a net closure of 74 retail stores for the year. We also closed one and opened four outlet stores in the fourth quarter, taking us to a net closure total of three for the year, with 14 closures and 11 openings. We expanded a total of six stores during the year, two retail stores and four outlets. In total, our square footage in North America declined 6% for the year. In FY 2016, we would expect to close an additional 10 to 15 more retail stores as well as fold our three remaining men's retail stores into existing locations. We also expect to close a few outlet stores on a net basis. Taken together, with a number of relocations and expansions, we expect our directly operated Coach brand square footage in North America to be essentially unchanged in FY 2016. On the North America department storefront, we opened about 20 new doors for the year, taking us to about 975 locations. In FY 2016, we expect to convert most of the remaining 200 case lines as well as opening 10 additional doors. Moving to China, in FY 2015, our sales approached $595 million, up about 9% from prior year and in line with our guidance. Our fourth quarter sales rose 5%, with strong growth on the Mainland more than offsetting weak results in Hong Kong and Macau. During the fourth quarter, we opened a total of seven new stores, all on the Mainland, and closed one in Hong Kong. For the full year, as expected, we opened 21 new locations, but closed only three locations for a total of 18 net new locations, taking us to 171 in total. Some of the targeted closures have moved into FY 2016. Our square footage grew 22% for the year. In FY 2016, we expect to open about 20 to 25 new locations, closing about five to 10, with square footage growth of about 12% to 15%. In Japan, sales for the year were down mid-single-digits on a constant currency basis, as expected, impacted by the overhang of the April 2014 consumption tax increase. On a dollar basis, sales declined 17%, reflecting the weaker yen. For the fourth quarter, sales in Japan rose 2% in constant yen as we anniversaried the tax increase and saw increased tourist flows from the Mainland Chinese, while sales in dollars declined 15%. We had a net decline of two locations in Japan for FY 2015 and for the fourth quarter, but a 1% increase in square footage given the opening of the Shinjuku flagship. In FY 2016, we'll focus on our modern luxury renovations, notably in stores in and around Tokyo. At the same time, we expect to close about five to 10 net locations as we take a portfolio approach to optimizing our store base. In total, our square footage should decline 5% to 10% for the year. In Europe, sales rose nearly 50% to $90 million for FY 2015, while fourth quarter sales were up sharply as well. During the fourth quarter, we added three directly-operated locations, taking us to 34 for the year. We also added over 100 wholesale locations during the year, taking us to over 200. In FY 2016, we expect to open five to 10 directly-operated stores for square footage growth of 40%. In addition, we plan to expand the number of both wholesale and multi-brand locations. For our directly-operated businesses in Asia outside of China and Japan, sales rose slightly on a local currency and declined slightly in dollars for the year. During the fourth quarter, sales were essentially flat in local currency and declined at a mid-single-digit rate in dollar, impacted by the MERS outbreak and related slowdown in tourist traffic in Korea. During the fourth quarter, we opened one location, taking us to five net new openings for the year and ending FY 2015 with 102 locations in Korea, Malaysia, Singapore and Taiwan. As noted previously, we are focused on developing our current store bases in these countries and don't expect additional openings or square footage growth. Taken together, in FY 2016, we would expect our global brand footprint for Coach across channels and geographies to be up low single digits in square footage. Moving on to the balance sheet, inventory levels at quarter end were $485 million, including $33 million of inventory associated with the acquisition of Stuart Weitzman. This compared to ending inventory of $526 million for the Coach brand in FY 2014. Therefore, inventory declined 8% on a Coach, Inc. consolidated basis and declined 14% for the Coach brand, in line with sales. Cash and short-term investments stood at $1.5 billion as compared with $869 million a year ago. Given our debt issuance in the third quarter and the subsequent closure of the acquisition during the quarter, our total borrowings outstanding were approximately $900 million at the end of the fiscal year. As previously shared, we expect to use these proceeds to cover our working capital needs in light of investments in our business and the new corporate headquarters. As noted in our press release, the Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.3325 per common share, payable in late September, maintaining our annual rate of $1.35. We remain strongly committed to our dividend. And as our transformation takes hold, we expect to resume increasing our dividend at least in line with net income growth. Net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter was $186 million compared to $316 million last year during Q4. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was an inflow of $111 million versus $254 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $75 million versus $62 million in the same quarter a year ago. For the fiscal year 2015, net cash from operating activities was $937 million compared to $985 million a year ago. Free cash flow in the fiscal year 2015 was an inflow of $738 million versus $766 million in the fiscal year 2014. CapEx spending totaled $199 million for the year compared to $220 in the prior year. The decline from previous guidance related to the shift in timing of retail store and wholesale remodels and openings into FY 2016 and related vendor payments. Turning now to our financial outlook for the Coach brand on a standalone, 52-week basis in FY 2016, which we included in our press release. First, on Coach brand sales, we still expect to deliver a low single-digit increase in constant currency in fiscal 2016. Based on current exchange rates, currency headwinds are expected to have an approximate 200 basis point negative impact on annual revenue growth, disproportionately impacting the first half and, most notably, the first quarter. We are projecting a low single-digit aggregate comp decline in North America with eOS pressuring comp in the first half as we continued to run about two events a month versus 13 events in last year's first quarter and 10 events in last year's second quarter. As previously noted, we would expect comp to improve throughout the year, with the most significant inflection occurring in 2Q, driven by product innovation, renovated modern luxury stores and our 75th anniversary marketing initiatives. We expect to reach positive comps in the fourth quarter. Gross margin is expected to be in the area of 70% on a constant currency basis, with negative foreign currency expected to impact gross margin by 80 basis points to 100 basis points. SG&A expenses, net of savings, are expected to grow at a mid-single-digit rate in constant currency, somewhat less in dollars and ahead of sales reflective of our increased marketing spend, transformation initiatives and a higher occupancy and depreciation expense related to store renovation and flagship project timing shift from FY 2015 to FY 2016. We continue to expect at least $50 million in incremental cost savings from our transformation and restructuring initiatives. When modeling the year, keep in mind SG&A expenses are expected to grow faster in the first half, driven by investments in marketing spend associated with the 75th anniversary and, in part, offset by currency. Taken together, we would expect operating margin to be in the mid to high teens. Interest expense for the year is expected to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million. And finally, our tax rate is expected to be in the area of 28% for the year. We expect our rate to be lower in fiscal year 2016, primarily attributable to geographic mix of earnings, the anticipated closure of certain audits, the expiration of statutes in the fiscal year 2016 and the ongoing benefit of available foreign tax credits. In addition, we are forecasting Stuart Weitzman brand sales in the area of $335 million on a dollar basis for fiscal 2016, an increase of about 10% from FY 2015, driving Coach, Inc. consolidated revenue growth of high single digits and adding about $0.09 to earnings per diluted share, excluding financing, transaction costs and short-term purchase accounting adjustments. It should be noted that Stuart Weitzman's gross margin is well below Coach brand, and as is the company's operating margin. Over time, we believe there is an opportunity to drive both higher, as we increase efficiencies and drive international expansion. As a reminder, fiscal 2016 will include a 53rd week, which is expected to contribute about $75 to $80 million in incremental revenue and $0.06 in earnings per diluted share. We expect CapEx for FY 2016 for Coach, Inc. to be in the area of $300 million, excluding the capital costs associated with the new headquarters, which are expected – now expected to be approximately $185 million in FY 2016. Over the next few years, our first priority is to continue to invest in our business as we have a compelling opportunity to drive sustainable growth and value creation, and we're putting our capital against this opportunity. Our second priority, strategic acquisitions, is also about growth. While we have nothing planned imminently, we want to have the flexibility to act if and when it's in the best interest of Coach and our shareholder. And, third, capital returns. As I've stated before, as our transformation takes hold, we expect to resume growing our dividend at least in line with the net income growth. Underpinning all three – all of these priorities, our guardrails for allocating capital effectively are: maintaining strategic flexibility; strong liquidity; and access to capital markets. In closing, our transformation requires substantial investment and focused execution. We have a clear strategy and a well-articulated implementation plan for FY 2016, building on the early successes we saw in FY 2015. We expect to realize a positive impact on the top line in constant currency beginning in FY 2016, with FY 2017 being the year we return to growth across the financials, leveraging top-line growth that we expect to be in line with the category, at least a mid-single digit rate and driving operating margin to the 20% area. We have the resources to fund our plan, while maintaining our dividend during our heavy investment period. Ultimately, our objective is to drive operating income dollar growth and restore Coach to a place of best-in-class profitability, which, reflecting the changing market dynamics, will now likely be in the mid to high 20%s given the required SG&A investments in marketing, customer experience and stores in a more competitive marketplace. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Please note also that we will go obviously beyond the 9:30 timeframe in order to give analysts and investors a chance to answer questions. Operator, you may open the call up now.
Operator: Thank you. The first question comes from Bob Drbul with Nomura.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Bob.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Morning, Bob.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Good morning. I just had a couple questions, I guess. The first one is when you consider the moderation in the North American bag and accessory category growth driven by the deceleration you mentioned among major players, do you think this presents a challenge or an opportunity for Coach?
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: Well, Bob, in the short answer, it's clearly an opportunity. What we're seeing of course in the short term is an overhang in the luxury market that is being driven by the macro issues and the extreme exchange rate volatility that we've discussed that is obviously impacting tourist flows. But we also do strongly believe that the consumer is simply waiting for more innovation; and clearly, there's an opportunity for Coach to drive market share and category growth by driving innovation in the marketplace and providing relevant brand experience as we have in the past. I had the pleasure of driving our business in Japan in what was a very mature market where we grew by taking market share, so this is not a new experience for us. We've long said and history shows that times of inflection in our category and in North America and indeed globally are driven by innovation. And simply put, consumers are looking to be inspired and delighted. And our transformation is very focused on doing just that: creating desire through innovative products, differentiated experiences that our customers are looking for and covet. And we strongly believe that at the end of the day, there's no better place in the fashion place to be than the handbag and accessories space. And with great execution, the terrific team that we have, we remain confident in our ability to drive positive comps by the end of FY 2016.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. And then if I could just ask a follow-up. When you reiterated this morning, I think, the return to positive comps, return to growth in the fourth quarter, and the return to growth in FY 2017, just when you look at all the noise in the marketplace and all the noise in the category, is there one or two main factors that continue to provide your confidence in this return to growth?
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: For me, it really comes down to, Bob, as I mentioned, our ability to execute in all of the investment that we're putting behind our transformation and our confidence in our strategy. It really comes down to, first and foremost, as we mentioned the inflection that we're seeing in these 45 doors here in North America. We have 150 or approximately 15% of our global fleet now in the new concept. By the end of this fiscal year, we will have closer to 40% of the fleet. And we're really excited about the programs that we have ahead of us through products, through marketing as we celebrate our 75th anniversary, kicking off from September.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much. Good luck.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Joan Payson with Barclays.
Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Hi, good morning.
Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Victor, I think you mentioned a positive consumer response to the new product that you put into those North American factory stores. Could you just provide a little more color on what you've been seeing in the outlets recently? Any change in traffic or ticket trends?
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: Sure. I'll ask Andre to step in and provide some context on that. As I did mention just to highlight, approximately 50% of the SKUs now in our outlet channel are new designs from Stuart. Andre?
Andre Cohen - President, North America: Yes. Good morning. We've actually seen an increase in average tickets in factory over the last few quarters, which we're pleased with, lots of it driven by Stuart's new product, which has been outperforming compared to the balance of our assortments. We've seen storytelling work really well in outlet, so collections such as Badlands which we launched in April-May, did terrifically. It was about 100% above our expectations, above our plan, sold through completely. So where we've taken bets in terms of more innovative products and more design, more make in the product, it's really resonated with consumers.
Joan Payson - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Anna Andreeva with Oppenheimer.
Janet Lynne Knopf - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Hi. Good morning. It's Janet Lynne on for Anna. Congrats on seeing sequential improvement in the business.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Janet Lynne Knopf - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): So I guess just we were hoping with the category being more choppy in June, if you had been seeing more consistent performance in July, and what kind of category growth you have embedded for 2016 guidance?
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: Overall, we have – as we stated in our notes, we're looking at category growth into the medium term of mid-single digits. We remain confident in that 5% to 6% range. And in terms of July, we're very consistent with the guidance that we've just given. So no real change.
Janet Lynne Knopf - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then one quick follow-up to Jane on the FX impact. Could we expect this to be more translational or transactional? And looking to 2017, should we expect the headwind to continue in the out-year if rates stay at current levels?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Well, certainly the impact on revenue is translational. There is some impact that we called out in gross margin that relates to our hedging activities and impacts largely related to inventory.
Janet Lynne Knopf - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from David Schick with Stifel.
David A. Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: Morning.
David A. Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just to – thank you. To put it together, you talked about the category incrementally worsening of late, but your business having a little more traction of June. How should we put those two together? What are the things – obviously, there's been a little bit more time with the retouched stores, but if you could just put together what you think is impacting your relative delta for June? And then second, as a second question, how should we think about net advertising expense around the 75th anniversary, I guess, for the year?
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: Sure. First, in terms of the first part of your question, David, there isn't really one thing. I mean, we've been very consistent in sharing the fact that we believe that's really all of the multitude of actions that we're taking around product, around our stores and around our marketing, whether it be traditional print or recent activities around social media and across channels, not just specific to any one channel. We've been very consistent about that in trying to be as focused as possible in these 12 major North American markets so that we can drive towards an inflection point for the total brand. Obviously, look, the clearest sign that we have of our strategy is, as we mentioned during our notes and have been very consistent with, we couldn't be happier with the doors that we've renovated. We're doing everything possible to move ahead at a further and quicker pace with those. What we've done in the last six months with 150 locations, new and renovated, is pretty unprecedented in our space globally for luxury brands. So pleased with that, and by the end of this fiscal year, we'll have another 40% – about 40%. In terms of the investment in marketing, we are going to increase our marketing spend by another $25 million, has been the plan this fiscal year, and we're very focused on that. And it'll be across a multitude of different areas from of course investments in our fashion show to the follow-up work across social media and as well, of course, everything related to what we're doing in partnerships and events, especially with Coach Backstage and music and the like to drive relevance across different consumer groups.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, David, just to add, just in aggregate, over the last two years, we're very much in line with the guidance we put out, which is a $50 million increase by the end of FY 2016 in total advertising. You'll see it in our release this year, and then we expect to continue next year.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: And to be clear, in total marketing, which will be a mixture of advertising, social media events and the like.
David A. Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great. Thank you. Good morning. I'm sorry if I missed this, but could you just help us bridge the gap between how you've kind of guided fiscal 2016 with the fiscal 2017 operating margin guidance I think you gave at the Analyst Day. I think you said 20% to 25%. I'm assuming it gets a little bit lower than that just given the broader – kind of broader category issues of late. But just any context around just that bridge would be very helpful.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: That's right. So right now, we're guiding for FY 2017 in the range of 20%. It's a little bit of tightening based on the category dynamics.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just a quick follow-up on just the June overall category growth, recognizing it was low particularly in the June month, but was the overall category, was it kind of flat to low single, low to mid-single? Just any context around what that category grew just given it sounds like some of your competitors have had a little bit more of a tough time of late. That would be helpful. Thank you.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: We don't provide it for the month. I mean we're really looking at obviously results where we're taking it from public sources as well as our internal panel. And in general, as we said, we've had a slowdown from the previous quarter mid-single to low-single digits for the quarter.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Thank you, guys...
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: We also know, Erinn, as reported by the ShopperTrak, the market intelligent (sic) [intelligence] (1:10:57) comps actually showed weakening in mall traffic in the month of June too. That was one of our inputs when we looked at the overall category.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. Thanks, Andrea. That's helpful.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Congrats on some of the improvements in the quarter. Victor, could you clarify for us some comments on the renovated stores? Is your conversion in the renovated stores outpacing expectations at this point? I know you highlighted the traffic inflected, but I didn't quite understand the comment on conversion being better.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: Morning, Michael. So, conversion improved sequentially across the entire chain and particularly so in the renovated stores. Overall, it's been a mixed bag of metrics improvement in the renovated stores. Traffic has been the most consistent one, but we've seen improvement in virtually every renovated store. Next is average ticket, that's improved also disproportionately. Conversion has been mixed. In some cases, it's been up, in other cases not. But overall, all metrics have moved positively in these 45 renovated stores.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then, would you mind commenting on the June trend? I'm trying to sort out whether there was a shift in sales in June from moving the semi-annual sale.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: We had the semi-annual sale, Michael, as you'll remember, in both June, and we were not speaking only about us, we were talking about the overall category, as I referenced, as well as weaker traffic into malls in the month of June. Obviously, there are a lot of reports of other companies yet to come for us to provide a better analysis of what specifically happened in June. But, again, we did call out what we believe is a deceleration. And I know a number of the other analysts in the calls have also put it out in their research and their handpacks or their results.
Michael Binetti - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And is there any way you can help us think about – I know you gave us some of the cadence with the inflection in the second quarter in the comp. Is there any way you can help us think about the trend in the first quarter and put some dimensions around that inflection in the second quarter and through the year?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I think, Michael, what I'll say is, as we come out – we expect the most significant inflections to be in the second quarter. We'll have a significant – we'll have an increase in our modern luxury door renovations. You'll see our new product flows as well as 75th anniversary marketing initiatives. So as you're thinking about comps, the most significant inflection comes through in Q2. But really, we're thinking about it as a sequential progression through the year, getting to positive in that fourth quarter in North America.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: And it's probably worth noting obviously our 1Q comp guidance, our overall guidance for the trend over the year does incorporate what we're seeing in the markets, most recently in the June numbers. Can I also ask – I won't wait for the operator to do this, but you limit yourself to one question. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan Chase.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, guys. So, thinking longer term with the slowing in the category growth rate here currently, I mean, is there any way to think about any signs of stabilization? And then are you seeing any changes in the promotional cadence across the landscape as a result of some of the slower growth?
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: I think there's been a lot of comments, Matthew, in the market about just the promotional environment in general, whether it be in department stores, the full-price malls or the outlet channel having picked up across the various categories, not just handbags and accessories, but fashion in general. And certainly what we're seeing go forward in terms of how to think about a stabilization in the category, as I'd mentioned, I think there's two or three things here. There's, first and foremost, the macro trends that we're seeing and especially in the luxury sector, handbags and accessories we know are very much driven as well by tourist in major markets. So I think that's one key impact that we'll see. And then secondly, it's going to be innovation. It's going to be brands coming forward and driving relevance and creating desire within obviously the various consumer segments. We're very focused on that with what we're doing and really looking forward to obviously driving forward with both our product and marketing and store initiatives in the months and quarters ahead.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And then just quick clarification. Is the 28% tax rate this year, is that sustainable beyond this year or how should we think about it?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: We see it as our go-forward tax rate for the period of our planning horizon.
Matthew Robert Boss - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Best of luck, guys.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Oliver Chen with Cowen & Company.
Oliver Chen - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. Congrats on the solid innovation we're seeing. And our checks, we are noticing that you're couponing less in outlets, and you've also done a great job kind of value-engineering and high-quality product at compelling prices. Should we expect to continue to see no couponing in the outlet channel? And on the modern luxury renovation, as you have been experiencing these nice lifts in traffic, is that because of the store displays? I'm just curious about linking that to the positive, the window displays.
Andre Cohen - President, North America: We've been trying to focus more on outlet channel as a brand building channel, as we believe it is. It's got a distinct consumer who doesn't really shop across channels, and that's resulted in some more experimenting with different promotional strategies. Overall, our discount rates have reduced in outlets over the past few months, and it's a mix of, what we call, variable pricing, so no couponing and focusing on different price points and discount rates within the store and the occasional couponing to drive – to surprise consumers and drive incremental sales. So that's one part of it. The other piece is, going back to my earlier comments, we are trying to market in a more deliberate way to that consumer, so we've been focusing on specific windows in outlet and really trying to deliver more value through improved product, more storytelling, delivering a higher customer experience within our stores as well. So...
Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer: And, Oliver, I would say just as you look at that, that really reflects sort of what we're continuing to call for in terms of our gross margin outlook, which is really investing in the product, investing in higher quality, balanced by pullback in promotion with that FX being sort of a toggle over time, but continued benefit to gross margin of our international growth.
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: And, Oliver, to your question, I think, specifically on the traffic in the modern luxury doors, which is across channels, not just the outlet, part of the answer would be, as you suggest, of course the window program, which we're really pleased with. It helps to differentiate us. But also in general, what we hear from our sales associates is just word of mouth as consumers come in and experience the location, sharing it with others and driving increased interest in the location and in the brand.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications: Thank you, all. That concludes our Q&A. I will now turn it over to Victor Luis for some concluding remarks. Victor?
Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Andrea. I just want to close by thanking you all again for joining us. With the first year of our transformation fully behind us, I certainly could not be prouder of our team, the continued commitment and courage they are demonstrating and executing our plans. We have a unique opportunity, a brand with a unique heritage as America's original house of leather. And we fully plan to leverage that as we celebrate our 75 years as a brand by taking a very bold step forward, defining a modern Coach with our first full runway presentation this September. In addition, with the acquisition of the Stuart Weitzman brand, I believe that as a company, we're much better positioned to capitalize on the growth outside of handbags and accessories. In short, we're committed to our strategies. We're going to be steadfast in our investments that we've outlined behind our products, stores and marketing as we drive growth and relevance for both our brands over the long term. We have a firm belief that we will return to best-in-class, and we look forward in the months and quarters ahead to sharing our 75th anniversary with you. Thank you, all.
Operator: This does conclude the Coach Earnings Conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-04-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick – Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Victor Luis – Chief Executive Officer Jane Hamilton Nielsen – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bob Drbul – Nomura Matthew boss – JPMorgan Barbara Wyckoff – CLSA Joan Payson – Barclays Ike Boruchow – Sterne Agee Anna Andreeva – Oppenheimer Oliver Chen – Cowen & Company Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group Erinn Murphy – Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Coach’s Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Coach’s CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements including projections for our business in the current and future quarter or fiscal year. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K, our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 27, 2014, and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Also [indiscernible] future performance. Now, let me hand over to Victor Luis to this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our third fiscal quarter 2015 results and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives across markets. Jane Nielsen will continue with a detailed analysis on financial and operational results for the quarter and our outlook for the balance of the fiscal year. Following that we will hold for question-and-answer session. The Q&A session will ensure that [indiscernible]. We will then conclude with some brief closing comments. I would now like to introduce Victor Luis, President and CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thanks, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, our third quarter results were in line with our expectations and annual guidance, adjusted for the stronger-than-expected dollar. We continue to see steady progress in our results with sequential improvement in our bricks-and-mortar stores in North America as we continue to make strides against our brand transformation agenda including greatly reduced promotional impressions. International growth rates remain fairly stable, up mid single digits in local currency, with China and Europe driving overall performance and offsetting the difficult compares in Japan this quarter as we were up against the pull-forward in advance of the tax hike effected on April 1st, 2014. Overall, we are pleased with our team’s execution as we continue to gain traction on this strategic plan to reinvigorate growth and drive the Coach brand’s relevance. In the weeks ahead, we look forward to completing the acquisition of Stuart-Weitzman, which we announced last quarter, a luxury footwear brand that we believe has significant domestic and international growth potential. As noted previously, we will develop each brand separately. Over the longer term, we will learn from each other, driving synergies across our respective businesses. Specifically, we will leverage Coach’s international infrastructure and expertise in handbags and accessories to develop Stuart-Weitzman handbag and accessories business. And in turn Coach will benefit from the Stuart-Weitzman’s teams accessories and footwear developments, where they’re proven leaders in fashion and fit. As we prepare for the integration of Stuart-Weitzman, we have renewed Coach’s women’s footwear license with Jimlar for the next two years. This will allow us to develop the multi-brand infrastructure and systems necessary to bring the category in-house. We are very excited about our first acquisition and look forward to welcoming the Stuart-Weitzman brand and organization into the Coach, Inc. family. Separately, we also just announced the new multi-year fragrance agreement with [indiscernible], upon expiration of our license agreement with Estée Lauder and expect to launch our first scent with our new partner in the fall of 2016. Before we get into a discussion of the quarter and our progress on Coach’s transformation, I wanted to briefly touch on our global pricing strategy since the topic had become a focus for our peer group given the volatility in global currencies. Our pricing strategy has always been to provide exceptional value in local currencies to our global customers. We aim to be approximately 40% to 60% below our traditional luxury competitors, and at this time we do not have plans to change our strategy. Coach will continue to deliver on its modern luxury proposition, offering superb handcrafted products and superior customer service and image-enhancing locations. Given our high level of fashion innovation, we price our products each season and always consider exchange rates at product launches while taking into account the pricing structure of both domestic and international brands in each market. Now as we have been doing since we unveiled our playbook last June, I thought we would share some of the actions that we have taken in keeping with our plan as well as our updated learning’s and results across the three brand pillars. Starting with product, Stuart-Weitzman’s design represented virtually all of our retail stores women’s offerings during the third quarter led by our key silhouette, Swagger available in a number of sizes, colors, and novelty, including patch work. In our outlet stores globally, Stuart’s impact was also noticeable for the first time, with new group set collections including Mickey, Ruby, and Morgan complementing CV, Christy, and Kelsey, previous retail favorites. Margo, its first outlet design introduced for fall continued to be strong. Stuart’s products represented about a third of our outlet store’s women’s assortment during the third quarter. Most generally, our approach of providing value from product elevation has continued. Putting more makes and quality in the products has been very well received by outlet customers globally, giving us confidence in our long-term direction to drive relevance across all channels. In addition, we held our third New York Fashion Week presentation in February, showing our fall 2015 collection and once again garnered overwhelmingly positive reviews from both the editorial and retail communities. Following the fall 2015 presentation, we generated about 193 million lifetime impressions in the market, up approximately 50% from our presentation of spring 2015 in September. And as the editorial community and fashion prep has continued to react positively to our brands, we are also seeing continued progress with consumers. Our quarterly North America brand tracking survey delivered in March showed further improvement among category drivers that Coach has perceived as less promotional, while our brand affinities remain strong overall. In our third quarter, we continued to reaffirm that fashion, which was supported by marketing, drives high sell-throughs as has been indicated with the great success we have experienced with Swagger. On stores: during the quarter we continued to renovate and open new stores globally in our modern luxury concept. By quarter end, we had 40 that reflected the new design, including our first modern luxury outlet stores in Asia. Naturally, we are adjusting the level of investments and renovation to the market, running the gamut from life touch warm-ups to complete rebuilds but always ensuring that we are differentiated from the competitive landscape in an authentic Coach way. The four North American stores we opened in November continued to post positive comps and well outpace the balance of change. I will shortly touch more on the newer renovations in our discussion of the domestic business. Internationally, we have seen significant inflections virtually across the board following renovation from flagship [indiscernible] in London to our outlet in Yogi [ph], Korea. During the quarter, we conducted a modern luxury store intercept and shop-along survey in both the U.S. and Japan with other 100 customers in each market. We found that, one; customers are reacting very positively to the new environment as about 75% of those interviewed said that the modern luxury store makes them want to shop at Coach more often, and two; our modern luxury stores are resonating with customers as sophisticated, luxurious, comfortable, and inviting across both markets. This new store environment is especially appealing to the category drivers who found the store fresh, elegant, and having a more elevated feel. As we continue to negotiate temporary locations with landlords for directly operating stores, work with our international wholesale partners for appropriate spaces and co-tenancies, and work through lease negotiations, a number of projects have now shifted into FY 2015. Specifically, while our North America projects – about 70 renovations and five new stores – are on plan. Approximately 50 international renovations and 10 new international stores have moved into fiscal 2016. We are now targeting about 100 global renovations in fiscal year 2015 and to open it about 40 to 50 new stores globally in this concept for a total of 140 to 150. As expected, this means we will have a very back loaded year in terms of store investment with approximately 75 renovations and about 25 to 35 new openings this quarter. Through the third quarter, we closed 56 North American retail locations, most in January as mentioned on our last earnings call, and we’re on track to close approximately 70 for the full year. In addition, we have closed 13 outlet stores through the third quarter including ten Metro-only locations which we folded into existing stores leveraging the team and cross shopping opportunities. And as noted on our last call, we also closed the two outlet stores identified as a part of our learning agenda at the end of January. In North American department stores, we have already completed well over 200 projects over the first nine months, mostly installing open sell environments and replacing the old cake [ph] lines and have seen an improvement versus the balance of doors. We still expect to convert over 300 total locations from case line presentation to open sell this fiscal year. We are also on target with the Shop Manager program in the wholesale channel, with approximately 30 managers in key doors today with the goal of adding an additional 20 shop managers by the end of fiscal 2015. We are taking the learnings from our successful new stores and are using them to inform the development of the modern luxury concept for other channels. As noted, our first outlet stores have opened internationally during the third quarter and just about two weeks ago we opened our first new modern luxury outlet store in North America, in Savannah, Georgia. We are also working on both our wholesale store and travel retail concepts and have done our first set of warm-up stores that are not getting the full expression of modern luxury. On the Marketing and Customer Experience front, continuing with our comprehensive marketing strategy for spring we had a focus on Swagger and presented a New Dreamers campaign featuring actor Chloe Grace Moretz and recording artist Kid Cudi. Together they’ve brought a more relatable and understandable approach to the campaign. We supported our Coach Swagger bags with a compelling and holistic global print and digital campaign including our viral hash tag what’s your Swagger, driving over 250 million impressions, traffic, and sales. Earlier this month, we garnered over 100 million impressions during the Coachella Music Festival with our Coach Backstage Concert attended by global celebrities. We also saw increases in editorial mentions in all three major markets: North America, Japan, and China, while our editorial rank rose in North America and Japan while holding in China. And as we increased our positive brand impressions, we have also continued to pull back on our North America promotional activity. Consistent with our previously announced strategy, during the spring quarter, we held only bun invitation-only customer event in mid-March around Spring Break. We also reduced the cadence of EOS/sales from three a week last year to about two a month this quarter, thereby meeting our goal to be down to about two events per month by the end of the fiscal year. In addition, there were no Coach days in North American department stores during the third quarter as compared to an average of approximately 30 days across wholesale accounts in the third quarter of 2014. So while much of our journey remains in front of us, we are very pleased with what we have accomplished this far in FY 2015 and will continue to update you on these initiatives as we move forward. Turning to the results of last quarter, some key financials were first, net sales on a reported basis totaled $929 million versus $1.1 billion a year ago, a decrease of 15% including a 3% negative impact of currency. Second, earnings-per-share totaled $0.36, excluding transformation-related charges as compared to $0.68 in the prior year’s third quarter. Third, international sales increased 4% on a constant currency basis and decreased 3% in dollars to $428 million from $441 million last year. China sales rose 10% in constant currency and 8% in dollars with positive comparable store sales while sales in our directly operated locations in Asia and Europe rose in constant currency as well. Henceforth, North American sales fell 24% to $493 million from $648 million last year on a 23% comparable store sales decrease. As expected, given the further reduction of EOSL during the quarter, looking at distribution and consistent with our annual guidance, there was a significant decline in our global, directly operated door comp reflective of our North America retail store closures, he majority of which as planned fell in January. In total, our global location comp was down 48, including a net decline of 54 in North America, two net closures in Japan, four net openings in mainland China, and four net openings in the rest of Asia. As you know, we are primarily focused on re-platforming our stores, elevating brand perception, optimizing our store fleet, and opening new locations selectively in key markets. Moving on to sales by channel and geography starting with our domestic businesses: our total revenues in North America declined 24% for the quarter with our directly operated businesses down 23%. As noted, total Q3 same-store sales declined 23%, with a further reduction in EOS events to twice monthly, pressuring total comps by about 11 percentage points as store comps declined 12%, a sequential improvement from the 16% increase posted in Q2 and 19% increase in Q1. As expected, in department stores, our sales trends at POS were well below the company’s directly operated stores, reflecting both the elimination of Coach days, as I mentioned and the heightened promotional activity in the category. Shifting it into the channel declined to a somewhat greater degree than POS sales. It’s worth reiterating that while we have been pleased with the relative out-performance of the locations we have converted to open sell, these were amongst our smallest stores and therefore haven’t provided a significant overall contribution. We expect the fourth quarter will remain challenging at POS in this channel, given the planned decrease in year-over-year promotional activity for the spring season. Overall, we estimate that the North American premium women’s and handbag/accessories market rose at a mid single-digit rate in the March quarter, showing a slight moderation from recent trends while the overall growth reflects an ongoing benefit from the secular shift into accessories from apparel. We continue to believe that the category will grow at about a 7% compound annual growth rate over our planning horizon. Turning to Men’s, which represents 18% of the global category expense, or about $7 billion today: as we discussed, we’re also continuing to drive our Men’s business globally, primarily through new dual-gender stores. In the third quarter, Coach’s global sales of men’s bags and accessories were up slightly impacted by the weak yen and the pullback of promotion and EOS in North America. Backpacks and our new Hudson bag with a modern business sensibility have been particularly strong. And, as noted on our last call, we were delighted with the response to Stuart’s first men’s lifestyle presentation during Fashion Week at London collection men in January and look forward to his collection arriving in stores this fall. Therefore looking ahead, we remain bullish about the prospects for our Global Men’s business and are continuing to target $1 billion in calendar 2017. Before we discuss international sales, I wanted to provide some more insight into our North American business and third quarter results. In aggregate and as planned, our total store comps was down low double-digits at negative 12%, with higher tickets offset by a decline in traffic which was pressured by the overall weak mall trends as well as lower conversion, which was greatly impacted by the reduction in promotion days in our retail and wholesale channels. Our total comp was pressured an additional 11 points by EOS as we pulled back from three flash sale events a week in last year’s third quarter to about two events a month this spring. Looking at results sequentially, average transaction size in both channels rose in what the primary driver of the 4-point comp improvement in bricks-and-mortar stores as elevated fashion and compelling novelty drove improved handbag performance. And while mall traffic continues a secular decline during the spring as measured by Shopper Track, we did see a relative sequential improvement in our traffic from the holiday quarter despite the weather. Meaning, while still a drag to our overall comparable store sales, it was less onerous than in the second quarter. Conversion impacted by the pullback in promotional activity continues to be pressured as expected. And though we did not have any additional North American stores in our new concept opened in the fourth quarter, the four stores renovated and reopened during the holiday: Time Warner, Rodeo Drive, Fashion Valley and Manhasset continued to comp very positively individually and in aggregate, well above the balance of the retail fleet. Over the last few weeks, beginning in mid-March, we did complete several renovations of varying scope from warm-ups to more significant upgrades on 13 retail locations and also opened our first new modern luxury store in San Juan, our only retail opening in FY 2015. While early days for these locations, we’re pleased with initial performance. By the end of the fiscal year, we expect to have completed about 35 additional renovations. We also continue to see relative out-performance in the 12 MSAs in North America where we are most focused and where we are distorting our attention. I know many of you are also interested to hear about the impact of those 56 retail store closures on revenues and in turn, sales transferred to the existing fleet. As a reminder, and as noted in our analyst day presentation last June, these were the least productive stores in our fleet. So their impact to overall revenues and operating income is very small. Similarly, the sales transfer and impacts to comp in those markets where other retail stores were present was also expected to be small. This January, when the bulk of these stores closed, the results have been inconsistent across markets. In some cases such as Miami and New Jersey and also Southern California, we have seen a lift, notably in traffic. In other areas, such as Chicago, we haven’t seen any change yet. Given the short time period since our closures, we will continue to monitor results. We are also working on specific actions to steer and guide customers to other doors in their respective markets. As mentioned, we also closed ten Men’s outlet stores which were successfully folded into women’s locations in the same malls as well as two core outlet stores as part of our learning agenda originally discussed at our analyst day. These closures, both in January, were executed to better understand crossover between outlet and retail stores as well as our ability to influence purchase behavior. While very early days, thus far we have not seen any transfer from outlets to retail stores in these markets. At this early stage, it appears customers are dedicated to their retail channel and mall and little transfer to other outlets if we close the customer’s primary store. Of course, we will continue to monitor these shoppers over the longer time period to see if these very early takeaways remain valid. Drilling down a bit more on our retail performance: while we have now anniversaries the tighter assortment of handbags, we continue to see absolute strength in our elevated products. More generally, the above $400 price bucket grew in penetration and saw another positive comp and continued to represent over 30% of handbag sales versus roughly 23% last year. More broadly, Leather continues to outpace logo across all channels, and we have designed it into this trend. It’s both a shift that favors Coach longer term given our heritage in leather goods and elevates our impressions in the marketplace. In the third quarter, logo across all categories represented less than 5% of retail sales compared to less than 10% a year ago. And in Outlet, we’re down below 30 % versus 40%. Importantly, this trend has also resulted in significant increases in average handbag price points for traditional luxury brands. Due to their previous reliance on vinylized canvas and/or [indiscernible] fabrication and a tendency to pass on increased costs of using leather to their consumers thereby creating additional space in the market and a further widening in our relative price points and value perception. Outside of handbags, we continue to see relative strength in our Lifestyle categories in the third quarter. Women’s Footwear again increased its penetration from last year’s levels of about 8%, growing to about 10% of North America retail sales in those stores carrying a full offering. Men’s footwear, introduced last fall, was also well received in retail stores. In addition, we are seeing a positive response to our expanded Men’s and Women’s footwear assortment in outlet stores. In total, we saw a significant increase in footwear sales across all directly operated channels in North America. In Outlets, where the overall environment continues to be very promotional, the customer responded to the storytelling presentations throughout the store, along with supporting e-mail campaigns. Neon was a great example of this in March. As mentioned, we’ve just opened our first modern luxury outlet store in North America in Savannah, where customers have been surprised and delighted by the elevated environment. As I have already talked to the global learnings around products, stores, and marketing in my opening, I’ll move on to our fourth quarter initiatives. We are very excited about the arrival of Colorburst Swagger, which will be our Mother’s Day key item and our festival of style featuring length-stitched patterns across multiple silhouettes in retail stores globally. For Mother’s Day, we have brought back our hash tag My First Coach social media and digital campaign celebrating your first Coach in life, your mom. In June, we have a new story that turns out type in Taupe, shoulder bag, and rucksack shapes. In Outlet, our integrated Mother’s Day floor set highlights our pretty pink floral. In June, we will bring in a new Americana floral print available in the totes and satchels. As discussed during analyst day and subsequent calls, our approach to customer events, formally known as PCE, are far fewer in number annually, about three, focusing specifically on our best customers during key holiday periods, such as our Black Friday event during the holiday and our Spring Break event in March. We expect to hold one event in the fourth quarter around Mother’s Day, taking us to three for the year as planned. We are being far more tailored in our segmentation, selectively extending invitations. Separately with two semiannual sales now under our belt, we will continue this practice moving forward with our next event scheduled to begin around Memorial Day and end shortly after July 4th, taking advantage of the higher traffic during these holidays. This approach will support sustained sales growth and build our brand, reinforcing our multi-channel positioning. Overall, we are pleased with the steps we have taken to reposition Coach, notably in the North American Women’s business, adding more emotion and excitement to the product offering and around our brand. Turning now to our International segment, which represents about a third of Coach’s business, sales rose 4% on a constant currency basis in the third quarter but declined 3% on a reported basis impacted by the stronger dollar. As mentioned, China sales rose 10% from the prior year in constant currency and 8% in dollars with positive comparable store sales and slower distribution growth in line with our forecasts. We remain optimistic on the prospects for this market over time as the long-term drivers we have consistently mentioned remain intact including a rapidly growing middle class and overall shift from pure status to value as well as the recent anti-corruption and anti-extravagance campaigns favoring the affordable luxury segment and the evolving retail landscape with the development of new luxury shopping malls. While we are still targeting sales of $590 million to $600 million, which now reflect the negative impact of the stronger dollar, we expect that there will likely be continued volatility in the near term due to both macro issues and geopolitical events which are impacting trends in China and some key tourist markets. Consistent with our peers, we have seen continued and increasing traffic challenges in the Hong Kong as new demonstrations have targeted cross-border shoppers in key malls. We also experienced a pickup in Chinese tourist spending in Japan and Europe, especially around Chinese New Year aided by the compelling value the weaker yen and Euro has provided to the Chinese shopper. At this point, our other Asia direct businesses outside of China and Japan: South Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia, and Singapore posted positive aggregate growth in the local currency. In Japan, we posted an 11% decrease in constant currency, somewhat better than expected as the difficult compare against last year’s pre-consumption tax pulled forward and generally lackluster spending was somewhat offset by the Chinese tourist notably around lunar new year. Dollar sales declined 23%. In Europe, where our brand is small but growing rapidly, we generated significant double-digit sales growth in the quarter driven by both distribution and comp. We continue to believe that Europe represents a significant long-term opportunity for Coach, both with domestic shoppers and the international tourist, notably in key European cities where the affordable luxury segment is outperforming luxury. We’re maintaining our sales forecast for FY 2015 of about $90 million and our goal to achieve over a half a billion in sales at retailers representing a mid single-digit share of the premium Men’s and Women’s bag and accessory markets over our planning horizon. Turning now to our global distribution planning: as they haven’t changed materially from what we outlined on previous earnings calls, I’ll be brief. We continue to expect that our square footage globally and across all channels will increase slightly in FY 2015, reflecting our North American fleet optimization. Our overarching focus will be on renovations and remodels to drive productivity. To this point and as guided previously in North America, our directly operated square footage will be down around 5% given the 70 retail and 15 outlet closures, offset by a number of expansions within the context of our transformation and the number of outlet store openings. And in Wholesale, as we have noted, we’re moving to more open, accessible displays and rolling out a shop manager program. We expect our footprint in department stores to increase slightly in FY 2015. We plan to add about 30 locations resulting in a low single-digit increase in square footage while converting about 300 locations from case line presentations to open sell. Turning to China: we are still planning to open about 20 stores and could have about 10 closures resulting in about ten net openings. While we expect to open a few stores in our other direct Asia markets outside of China and Japan in FY 2015, our portfolio approach is focused on renovating key impact doors with our new modern luxury concept in order to drive our brand transformation and maximize productivity gains with modest growth of our footprint. Turning to Japan: in FY 2015, we continue to expect the total number of locations to remain the same with slight square footage growth from the new flagship and expansions of a few highly productive locations. Led by retail, our brand transformation plans in Japan focus on the renovation of key doors in Tokyo representing over 70% of traffic in that metropolitan area by the end of FY 2016 including the new flagship store in [indiscernible] , which opened in October. We will also renovate key locations in important cities throughout the country along with our flagship stores in Tokyo this summer. As a reminder, now that we have anniversaries last year’s consumption tax increase, which was affected on April 1st, 2014, we would expect to see a rebound in our fourth quarter. Of course, reported sales will be substantially lower given the yen weakness. Moving to Europe: we plan to add about 10 directly-operated locations and more than 100 wholesale locations. Finally, and as we have expressed in the past, we also believe there was a significant opportunity for the Coach brand in global travel retail, which represents the majority of our international wholesale sales. At quarter end, we had a total of 215 international wholesale locations in 31 countries, which included 113 travel locations and expect to add about 25 net additional locations by year-end. Now I’ll ask Jane to provide some additional detail on our financials and outlook for the balance of the year. Jane?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Thanks, Victor. Victor has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our third fiscal quarter results as well as our outlook for the fourth quarter. Our quarterly revenues declined 15%, with North America down 24% and International down 3%. As noted, total sales would have been 3% higher excluding the impact of currency, with international sales up 4% on a constant currency basis. Excluding transformation and other related charges, net income for the quarter totaled $100 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.36. This compares to net income of $191 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.68 in the prior year’s third quarter. For the quarter, operating income totaled $146 million on a non-GAAP basis versus $253 million last year while operating margin was 15.8% versus 23.9%. During the quarter, gross profit totaled 665 million as compared to $781 million a year ago, while gross margin was 71.6% versus 71.1%. As expected, gross margin benefited from the reduction in North America promotional activity and was helped by out-performance in Japan relative to our expectations. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales totaled 55.8% on a non-GAAP basis compared to 47.2% in the year-ago quarter. Absolute SG&A dollars were essentially flat to prior year and well below our expectations despite a $10 million increase in marketing spend. There were three primary drivers in the variance to our forecast. First, our fleet had lower-than-expected depreciation and occupancy expense given the shift in timing of renovations and new store openings, notably flagships into FY 2015. This will also impact our fourth quarter which I’ll speak to shortly. The second is currency as SG&A costs in the quarter benefited from the impact of the stronger dollar. Third, restructuring savings – as we continue to capture savings related to our restructuring sooner than originally anticipated and now expect savings of closer to $100 million in FY 2015. As I turn to GAAP metrics, let me recap key transformation and other related charges. With the realization of our restructuring savings, we now expect to incur pre-tax charges in the $300 million range associated with our transformation plan. $210 million of this charge has been taken over the last four quarters. As previously announced, these charges, which will be largely completed by the end of FY 2015, are related to inventory and fleet-related costs including impairments, accelerated depreciation, and severance associated with store closure. In total, we now expect to capture about $100 million in savings related to our transformation initiatives in fiscal 2015 and approximately 150 million in ongoing annual savings in fiscal year 2016. During the third quarter of FY 2015, the company recorded charges of 23 million under the company’s multi-year transformation plan. These charges consisted primarily of accelerated depreciation for renovations, lease termination costs related to store closures, and organizational efficiency costs. These actions increased the company’s SG&A expenses by $23 million, negatively impacting net income by $12 million after tax or $0.04 per diluted share in the third quarter. Therefore, during the first five months of fiscal 2015, the company’s recorded transformation related charges of $80 million and acquisition related costs of approximately 44 million. These charges increased SG&A expenses by approximately 479 million in total and costs of sales by $5 million, reducing net income by $56 million after tax or $0.20 cents per diluted share for the current nine-month period. Moving on to the balance sheet: inventory levels at quarter-end were $457 million, down 22% from Q3 in FY 2014. Cash and short-term investments did $2.02 billion as compared to $775 million a year ago. As expected during the quarter, we announced a closing of an underwritten public offering of 4.25% senior, unsecured notes with an aggregate principal amount of $600 million. In addition, we amended our existing revolving credit facility to borrow up to $1 billion, up from $700 million previously. This amendment included the issuance of a five-year senior unsecured $300 million term loan. Therefore in total, we had borrowings of approximately $900 million outstanding as of the end of the third quarter. As previously shared, we expect to use these proceeds to cover our working capital needs in light of investments in our business, the acquisition of Stuart-Weitzman, and the new corporate headquarters. Net cash from operating activities in the third quarter was $157 million compared to $105 million last year during Q3. Free cash flow in the third quarter was an inflow of $122 million versus $54 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $45 million versus $51 million in the same quarter a year ago. Based on renovation and flagship project timing, we now expect CapEx for FY 2015 to be in the area of $275 million to $300 million excluding the cost associated with the new headquarters. The capital costs associated with our new headquarters are now expected to be approximately $15 million in FY 2015, driven by construction timing. And, we are maintaining our current dividend at an annual rate of $1.35. Before I discuss our financial outlook, I want to touch on the pending Stuart-Weitzman acquisition. As Victor mentioned, the deal is on track to close next week. While I cannot provide more details at this time, as disclosed, we expect the Stuart-Weitzman business to be accretive from year one of transaction related charges including anticipated purchase accounting adjustments and contingent payments related to the transaction. We expect to use our cash to fund the purchase price. Also, keep in mind that our outlook for the balance of the year excludes the impact of Stuart-Weitzman, consistent with our previous guidance. Next quarter, post deal close, we will be in a position to provide details on the acquisition’s impact on fourth quarter results in addition to providing fiscal 2016 guidance for both Coach and the Stuart-Weitzman brands. Turning now to our financial outlook for FY 2015: overall our annual guidance has not changed for FY 2015, although the noted project shifts and stronger dollar will impact reported sales and SG&A dollar spend. First on sales, we still expect to deliver a low double digit decline in constant currency in fiscal 2015. Given the strength of the dollar, we continue to expect sales to be down more on a reported basis. Overall, for FY 2015, we expect continued pressure on sales due to our reduced promotions and store closure activity. This guidance assumes that fourth quarter sales will be down by similar levels at Q3 on both a constant currency and reported basis. In the fourth quarter, we continued to expect an improvement in North America bricks-and-mortar comp despite the more difficult comparison. Our EOS pullback will pressure total North American comps by about 10 points. Coach Japan is expected to post positive growth in constant currency, benefiting from the lapping of the consumption tax increase and higher PRC tourist flows. However, we do expect softness in the rest of Asia, specifically in Hong Kong and Macau, based upon deteriorating conditions as has been noted in recent weeks. Keep in mind that in last year’s fourth quarter, we reported an increase in disposition sales which we will not anniversary given our current and clean inventory position. Gross margin is still projected to be in the 69% to 70% range for the year, reflecting our usual seasonality between the third and fourth quarters, with higher sourcing costs largely offset by favorable channel mix and lower promotional activity for the year. We expect our fourth quarter gross margin to be similar to the prior year. SG&A expenses are now expected to be slightly below prior year, reflective of our increased marketing spend and transformation initiatives, offset by shifts in fleet actions, currency, and the faster realization in savings than anticipated. Therefore we expect SG&A dollars to be down slightly in the fourth quarter. Taken together, we continue to expect operating margins to be in the high teens for the year. Finally, our tax rate is still expected to be in the area of 32% for the year, so there may be some variability in the fourth quarter. In closing, I would like to reiterate Victor’s earlier remarks. We laid out a very clear plan last summer, and its execution is well underway. You heard this morning about our brand transformation progress around product, stores and marketing, as well as our key learnings and takeaways. And I will add that we are also on track from an investment and restructuring perspective. We have taken the majority of our total expected transformation related charges over the last four quarters, including rightsizing our inventory levels. We’re investing in re-platforming our stores and wholesale doors and are on track to spend about $570 million over the next three years so the timing of some projects have moved to an FY 2015 as noted. We have begun to realize our cost savings, running a leaner, more efficient organization sooner than we expected. Therefore looking further ahead, we expect to realize an overall annual top-line improvement beginning in FY 2016 with FY 2017 being the year where we return to growth in line with the category. We have the resources to fund our plan while maintaining our dividend during our heavy investment period. Ultimately, our objective is to restore Coach to a place of best-in-class profitability and sustainable growth. I’d now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question today is from Bob Drbul with Nomura.
Bob Scott Drbul: Hi. Good morning.
Victor Luis: Good morning, Bob
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Morning, Bob.
Bob Scott Drbul: I guess the question that I have is, you know, this was I think the first quarter with some of the newer product in the Outlet business in North America. So can you just elaborate a little bit more what’s going on in the Outlet business? Did it in fact show sequential improvement from the second quarter?
Victor Luis: Sure, Bob. The short answer is yes, it did. And as we have been very consistent in communicating, we really believe that transformation is about touching all of the consumer touch points: product, stores and marketing, and doing so across all three channels, our full price channel, wholesale and outlet. And even if we do believe that of course the full price channel will lead, we have been focused on the outlet channel, as you mentioned, with approximately one-third of the product in the outlet channel last quarter having been Stuart’s designs. Specifically, we launched a collection called Margo in Q2, which in Q3 was joined, as I shared in my notes by Mickey, Ruby and Morgan, and we’re very pleased with the performance there. And I would say most generally our approach in product of just providing value by putting a lot more make and quality into products has been incredibly well received. And we have seen that in a very strong increase in our ADTs. In terms of the stores, I mentioned in our notes, we just recently a few weeks ago opened up our first Modern Luxury concept store in is Savannah, Georgia. That is a new store. Many of you have seen our previous concept, most recently perhaps in Cabison, which is our Deer Park concept. And I think once you see the Modern Luxury outlet stores, you’ll understand why we’re really excited about this next evolution, and certainly seeing that in Savannah, where the very initial results have been beyond our own expectations. And lastly on the marketing front, while we don’t outwardly of course market to the outlet consumer through advertising or social media or any other means, we do through direct e-mail. And of course most importantly through our in-store customer experience, visual merchandising and our vendors, and there we’re making great strides as well in continuing to elevate that experience as well
Bob Scott Drbul: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matthew boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Robert Boss: Hi. Good morning. So can you just help walk us through the bridge in your store comp between today and then your expectation for the return to growth at some point next year? And with that, when will we be fully apples-to-apples on a promotional basis?
Victor Luis: From a promotional basis in terms of being apples-to-apples, it’s really looking toward July. Once we get beyond, of course, our seasonal clearance, which we will have comps this past year as well as of course getting beyond the event. From a third quarter of 2016, we will be apples-to-apples on EOS, which of course we have reduced from what was in essence three a week now to as I mentioned on my call two per month on average.
Matthew Robert Boss: Okay. And then on the margin recovery, what type of sales recovery is needed to move EBIT margin, you know, say back to mid 20s which we saw only a few years back? And do we need to think about any kind of expense build next year given some of the – it sounds like some of the store builds potentially shift into next year?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Yeah, Matthew, as we talked about in June when we laid out our long-term transformation plan. We will – right now in FY 2017, we’ll return to growth in line with the category. And our guidance suggests that that’s the point we’ll be back in the higher 20% margin range. As you look at FY 2016, what we have called out is that some of our store renovations and flagships have shifted into FY 2016. So that will put some SG&A pressure into FY 2016. Again, we’re executing the plan as laid out. There’s just a shift in timing here.
Matthew Robert Boss: Okay. Great. Best of luck
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Victor Luis: Morning, Barbara.
Barbara Wyckoff: Hi, everybody. Can you talk about the dynamic of the U.S. full-price stores versus outlet traffic conversions? You talked about ADT being up in outlets. What about the full-priced stores? And then maybe touch on the mix a little bit. How has it changed?
Victor Luis: Sure. Pretty much consistent with what we have been experiencing last quarter, Barbara, and what we shared, which is performance has really been driven by ADT across both channels. Even if we have seen a sequential improvement in the traffic from the second quarter to the third quarter, it still remains a drag. Of course in full price, that’s very much also driven by the broader pressure that we have seen across malls. In terms of other news in the full-price channel, very pleased still with the performance that we’re seeing in the above $400 price bucket, which I mentioned in my notes is now still hanging at above 30% penetration compared to the 23% last year. Good performance in our footwear business across all channels, full price included, and of course beyond that driven by a reduction in conversion, which as we have consistently communicated is impacted by of course the promotional cadence year-on-year. In the full-price channel, once we get beyond semiannual sales, so into July, we’ll be on a like-for-like comparison with promotions. So there we should see of course a change in those trends.
Barbara Wyckoff: All right. Thank you. Are you going to still be not participating in doing Coach Days in department stores? Or was that just a test for the spring season?
Victor Luis: No. That has been our strategy for the whole year, and that is our strategy goes forward.
Barbara Wyckoff: Thank you.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The next question will be Joan Payson with Barclays.
Joan Payson: Hi. Good morning.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Morning, Joan.
Joan Payson: So just in terms of some of the dynamics we’ve been seeing with tourist traffic in the U.S., could you just quickly touch on if that affected comps at all in North America? And then also just in terms of the overall category growth comments you had in terms of mid-single digit growth, it looks like Coach has now been more focused on basically product over $200. So are you seeing any differences in category trends in the over $200 versus under $200 segment?
Victor Luis: Sure. In the tourist flows we have not seen dramatic changes in our North American business. As I did mention our notes, the major change in flows of what we’re seeing, especially in terms of the PRC consumer are really within Asia, with especially Tokyo, Seoul, Taipei picking up increased tourist flows at the expense of a reduction in Hong Kong and Macau for all of the reasons that most of you know of course with the geopolitical conditions there. In terms of the North American category, we have not seen necessarily a slowdown in the below 200 and increase in above 200. We have been speaking very much to our own strategies and two of course our own individual performance. In general, the slight slowdown that we talked about in the category has really been at the expense of the larger brands in the space, which of course is driven in part by our own pull-down in our promotional activities that we have mentioned very consistently.
Joan Payson: Great. Thank you.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ike Boruchow with Sterne Agee.
Ike Boruchow: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Victor Luis: Good morning.
Ike Boruchow: Victor, I just wanted to ask a higher-level question regarding your traffic and profitability within the full-price channel. So excluding EOS. So, you’re doing a great job holding back from discounts and markdowns within your stores, but some of your bigger competitors are building larger clearance sections and going deeper on their sale merchandise. Is there a point where you need to evaluate your thought process around how you balance sales and margins? I guess basically does your customer need more value to come back into the store to get the traffic positive again is what I’m asking?
Victor Luis: Yeah, of course in many ways that is job description for us, and we have to obviously continue to evaluate what is happening across all channels. EOS does not really impact the full price business. It has been a flash sales model focused on our outlet consumer database only. And in the case of the full-price channel and what we’re seeing with the competitors and how promotional they may be, either seasonally or openly, for us it’s really about continuing to improve our own product assortment and looking to balance price points across all of the price buckets. So rather than producing and introducing a product that’s, say, $300 or $400 and having it on sale constantly in the full price channel for $30 or $40 off, our preference is to give the consumer value by giving them and creating consumer trust by giving them a great product at a suggested retail price. And then at the end of the season, that product which doesn’t perform is the case with most fashion brands will go on sale, and then eventually if it doesn’t sell there of course into our outlet channel. So our focus is really on getting the balance at full price within all of those buckets. We have seen that over the last quarter and communicated it specifically at gifting periods. And that is something that we are developing into.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: I would just add, Ike, that as we move to semiannual sale, one of the benefits that we saw is that it did pull new consumers into the store as we switched from PCs which went to our loyal consumers to semiannual sale, we saw new consumers enter the store during that period which was a benefit.
Ike Boruchow: Got it. Thanks so much
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Anna Andreeva with Oppenheimer.
Anna Andreeva: Great. Thanks so much. Good morning.
Victor Luis: Good morning, Anna.
Anna Andreeva: A question on inventories: very tightly managed, down 23%. Do you think any of that possibly constrained top-line in North America, and how do you feel about inventory content heading into the fourth quarter? And just curious, on the gross margin expectation for 4Q being flat, why couldn’t we see upside to that given that you’re pulling back on promotions pretty successfully? Thanks.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Sure, Anna. Just as we said today, we’re very pleased with our inventories. I think we’re well-positioned. We feel that we’re well-positioned to support our sales plan as we move forward and as we move forward and as we move into the fourth quarter, our inventory is fresh and in great shape. So we feel good about where we’re at. We made a commitment to manage our inventory tightly as we came out of our transformation, and that’s what we did. On your question on gross margin in the fourth quarter, we’re really executing against our strategy, and that is to keep making our product, valuing our product, pull back on promotion, and balance the headwinds that we’re seeing in rising sourcing costs and FX. And that’s what you’ll see play out in the fourth quarter as it’s played out all year. There will be pushes and pulls. We expect a little bit more pressure from FX, and we’ll see our production variances move more in line with what we had in the first half, which is about 50 basis points of pressure. Even though it’s after 9:30, operator we’ll take a couple of more questions understanding that our prepared remarks went a bit long. So you can continue to take Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Oliver Chen from Cowen & Company.
Oliver Chen: Thanks. Congrats on the progress of the brand management. Regarding Stuart and the outlet opportunity ahead, could you give us a yardstick from which you’ll reach a half or three quarters and then as we think about the metrics, is this main impact as he illustrates more progress on this assortment ticket or traffic or a combination of both? And then, Victor, I just had a question on the inventory composition with respect to the pricing spectrum. Are you happy with the freshness across your different price points including, you know, the access?
Victor Luis: Sure. Let me first touch on the inventory one, and then I’ll talk a little bit ability outlet products from Stuart and how that flows in. On inventory, we’re very happy both with the freshness of the inventory and with the sell-throughs that we’re seeing. We are really pleased with the product that we continue to launch in the full price channel, and as I mentioned in my prepared notes, especially what we’re seeing with our new macro style in swagger and some of those styles in certain fabrications. We’re very much in chase mode, and that is a collection that we will continue to develop into and have a lot of excitement and innovation that we’re working into that line over the course of the next 12 months or so. In addition, we have been, as I mentioned in my reference to Ike’s question, continually developing into the key price buckets and functionalities. We have some key tote silhouette coming out from June, another key carryall silhouette coming out in August, and other smaller cross-body especially at shopper price points but for the full price channel coming out throughout later in the fall and into spring into holiday and spring of next year. So very, very actively developing for balance across all price points. In terms of outlets and the continued rollout of Stuart’s product, by fall and into holiday, the vast majority of outlet product will be new designs and even current designs that are there will get a certain freshening up facelift if you will so that all products will have Stuart’s influence in it. We’re very pleased. And there again our strategy continues to be to provide great value to the consumer at great price points, but certainly to continue to invest in giving the make and to continue to elevate the product.
Oliver Chen: Thank you. Best regards.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And as a reminder, we do ask for one question per caller. The next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Good morning, everyone, and nice to see the improvement. I was in the Beverly Hills store last week, and I can tell you that it looked terrific.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Dana.
Dana Telsey: As you think about the gross margin impact of fewer promotions versus higher leather goods, how should we – because this is the first gross margin improvement we’ve seen in, like, six quarters. How should we see that gross margin continue to trend and will more of the improvement come from the fewer promotions, higher leather goods? How are you seeing it? And are you seeing this penetration or product globally? Thank you.
Victor Luis: Thanks, Dana. So the way our strategy is to balance the pullback in promotions with the increased make that we’re putting into the product. So that’s sort of the strategy. We balance those two with a very high gross margin. As we have called out through our transformation, we expect that to be in the 69% to 70% range. There’ll be some pushes – pushes and takes in terms of sourcing costs and FX, but overall we’ll continue to have our tailwind benefit as international grows sets the growth pace and that will continue to be a tailwind for gross margin overall. But it’s really balancing those two and managing the headwinds and tailwinds.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: Thanks. Good morning. I just want to go back to kind of your comments in the prepared script on higher promotional activity in the category. Are you seeing that across the board from your competitors? Is there a specific channel that that’s showing up? And then in particular, and then if you take a step back, if the category remains increasingly promotional, are you worried about kind of the timeline as you kind of work on improving your own promotional cadence and kind of elevating the product in terms of the turnaround? Thank you.
Victor Luis: Sure. Thanks, Erinn. We have seen of course the outlet channel by its very nature is a promotional channel. So there’s nothing new there. It’s always been promotional. And from our perspective there, the key is of course to engage and convert consumers coming in. We don’t outwardly advertise to that channel, and it’s about providing them with excitement. And I think that the step change that we’re making across all of the consumer touch points in that channel with our new store concept, of course most importantly the new product, which is now across stores as well as our new visual merchandising guidelines, are proving to be the winning recipe there rather than providing further increased discounts at the moment. So very pleased there. In terms of the other channels in our own full-price channel and the shopping mall, I think there was some reference to some competitive brands potentially always being on sale. That is not our strategy. We – both in our full price stores and in .com we have the seasonal sales. We believe that that is the best way to build relationships with our consumers. In the case of the wholesale channel, we are not participating in our own Coach days, and I believe that was a question asked earlier by Barbara in terms of Coach-only events. We have reduced those, and that was a reduction of 30 – by 30 days compared to last year. Of course there are other promotional days that are across the channel that we participate in to some extent. Wholesale is really 8% of our total business, and we’re really focused in driving the transformation plan per the strategy that we have laid out.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A. I will now turn it over to Victor for some concluding remarks. Victor?
Victor Luis: Thanks, Andrea. I want to once again thank you all for following us and continuing to be on this transformation journey. As a team, we’re incredibly encouraged by the positive signs that we’re seeing in the execution of our strategies as we continue to drive first and foremost fashion relevance for the Coach brand, as well as to differentiate it from the accessible luxury competition that has grown over the last 5 to 10 years. I want to recognize our entire Coach’s team for their commitment and most importantly for continuing have the courage and the discipline to stay the course with our strategies, which are very much in the long-term interest of our brand health and of our business. And I know that I speak for all of us at Coach as we prepare to welcome the Stuart-Weitzman team to the Coach, Inc. family and looking out with great excitement to having them join us. So with that, I thank you all, and look forward to seeing you over the course of the next few months. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the Coach Earnings Conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-01-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Global Head, IR & Corporate Communications Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer, Director Jane Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bob Drbul - Nomura Securities Matthew Boss - JPMorgan Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA Ike Boruchow - Sterne, Agee Oliver Chen - Cowen & Company Antoine Belge - HSBC Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Omar Saad - Evercore ISI John Morris - BMO Capital Markets Joan Payson - Barclays Ed Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to the Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Coach's Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Coach's CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Also, please note that historical trends may not be indicative of future performance. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2015 results, and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives across markets. Jane Nielsen will conclude with details on financial and operational results for the quarter and our outlook. Following that, we will hold a question and answer session. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 am. We will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I would now like to introduce Victor Luis, Coach's CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thanks, Andrea, and welcome everyone. As noted in our press release, our second quarter results were in line with our expectation and our annual guidance, adjusted for the stronger than expected dollar. We continue to see steady progress in our results, with sequential improvement in North America, our most challenging business, as we implement our brand transformation initiatives, including greatly reduced promotional impression. International growth rates remained fairly stable in local currency terms, with China and Europe driving segment performance. Our team continued to gain traction on the strategic plan outlined last summer to reinvigorate growth and drive brand relevance. Importantly, we continue to learn as we go along fine-tuning our actions across the key pillars of product, stores and marketing. As announced just after the quarter ended, we signed a definitive agreement to buy luxury designer footwear brand Stuart Weitzman, which we believe has significant domestic and international growth potential. Stuart Weitzman is a complementary brand, with many similar core equities and characteristics to Coach. It's a brand built on offering innovation, relevance and value to a loyal customer base. It has an increasing global recognition and a presence in 70 countries and is known for its craftsmanship and quality, fusing fashion and fit in a segment where comfort is a major driver of customer loyalty. While we will develop each brand separately, over the long-term, we will learn from each other driving synergies across our respective businesses. Specifically, we will leverage Coach's international infrastructure and expertise in handbags and accessories to develop Stuart Weitzman's handbag and accessories business. In turn, Coach will benefit from the Stuart Weitzman team's expertise in footwear development, where they are proven leaders in style and comfort. We are very excited about our first acquisition and look forward to welcoming the Stuart Weitzman brand and organization into the Coach, Inc. family this spring. Also announced in our press release was the streamlining and reinforcement of our North American business unit and global marketing and digital teams, with the promotion of two seasoned Coach executives, Andre Cohen and David Duplantis. They are both, proven leaders and brand builders with experience across many aspects of Coach's global business and are ready to address the opportunities ahead with their creativity, tenacity and exceptional leadership qualities. Most importantly, they have consistently delivered results for our brand and company. Andre will become President, North America. He has extensive experience in managing both, developed and evolving businesses. In this expanded role, he will be responsible for all functions that drive Coach's North American retail businesses, including retail management, merchandising and planning, marketing and e-commerce. Over his seven years with Coach Andre has taken on increasingly senior roles, including President and CEO of Coach China and Coach Asia and is a highly respected Coach leader and experienced in driving growth, retail operations and brand development. Francine Della Badia, who had responsibility for North America retail management, merchandising and planning, will leave Coach next month. David Duplantis, currently Coach's President, Global Digital and Customer Experience, will expand his role to include Global Marketing and Customer Intelligence. This added responsibility will leverage his extensive Coach global brand experience and North America acumen, creating a single global center of expertise. Over nearly 15 years with the company, David has been successful in many leadership roles within merchandising and marketing. His focus during the last five years has been around global digital, developing and driving our omni-channel strategy, for which Coach has again been recognized by L2, taking the leadership position in their 2014 Digital IQ Index for Fashion. Stephanie Stahl, who previously led global marketing and strategy, will depart from the company in February. Both Fran and Stephanie have made significant contributions to Coach, with most recently in the creation and initial implementation of our brand transformation agenda. We have great admiration and respect for their accomplishments and look forward to building upon the strong foundations already established. Before we get into the details of the quarter, and as promised, I thought we would share some of the actions we have taken in keeping with our plan as well as our learnings. The most significant takeaway from holiday was a clear inflection point in the 20 retail stores globally, which offered the modern luxury experience. The new product and new store concept and environment supported by our evolved marketing campaign. While these stores are still few in number, their performance was substantially better than the rest of the fleet and provided the most compelling evidence to-date that we are moving in the right direction. Starting with product, Stuart Vevers' designs represented about 90% of our retail stores women's offerings during holiday. We know that the editorial community and fashion press has clearly reacted positively and we now see consumer starting to take notice. In our quarterly brand tracking, we saw some positive indicators emerging, including improved perception of high quality among category driver consumers, lower perceptions of overall discounting amongst category drivers and positive movement in brand affinities among millennials. In outlet, our approach of providing value through product elevation has continued, with all of our monthly launches benefiting from new materials, branding and hardware. The positive global consumer response to our elevated outlet strategy gives us confidence in our long-term direction to drive relevance across all channels. In addition, earlier this month, we presented for the first time ever at London's Fashion Week for men's to overwhelmingly positive reviews from both, the editorial and retail community. We are excited about launching in key European and U.S. retailers in what is our first foray into men's wholesale distribution. There were several key learnings about product this holiday season from our store experience as well as pilots and ongoing consumer research. We continue to reaffirm that our fashion, when supported by marketing, drives high sell-throughs of the featured product such as the case with our Rider 33. While we continue to be pleased with customer reaction to our new product, we recognize an opportunity to increase the breadth of our offering at opening price points and to become a bolder destination for gifting in our full price retail channel. In short, we understand the need for continually evolving the function and pricing balance in our retail assortment in an increasingly competitive environment. In outlet, we are pleased with our initial product re-platforming and have executed well across price points, with our gifting assortment having been exceptionally well received. Onto stores, as planned during the quarter, we opened our first stores in the modern luxury concept, including our new flagship in Shinjuku in Tokyo and our boutique in Shin Kong Place in Beijing. These were followed by the reopening of our stores at the Time Warner Center in New York City, and a Rodeo Drive flagship in Beverly Hills. Prior to holiday, as expected, we had a total of 20 stores opened globally in the new concept, including two others here in the U.S. Fashion Valley in San Diego and the Americana in Manhattan, Long Island, with the balance in Japan, Greater China and Europe. As noted, these stores across channels such as mall and street locations and geographies, significantly outperformed the balance of our fleet. We remain on track to renovate a total of 150 retail locations in FY'15 and open about 50 to 60 new stores globally in this concept. As of today, we have closed 53 North American retail locations and are on track to close approximately 70 for the full year. In addition we have closed eight outlet stores, including six men's-only outlet locations, which we folded into existing stores, leveraging the team and cross-shopping opportunity. We also closed the two outlet stores identified in key markets as part of our learning agenda. As expected, we closed 9 out of 10 outlet pop-up stores we had used opportunistically to manage deleted inventory, with the last becoming permanent and will be considered an opening. In North American department stores, we have already completed nearly 200 projects over the first half, installing open cell environments and replacing the old case lines and have seen an improvement versus the balance of doors. While we still expect to convert over 300 total locations from case line presentations to open sell this fiscal year. We also expanded The Shop Manager program in the wholesale channel, with now approximately 30 managers in key doors, on target with our goal of adding a total of 50 shop managers by the end of fiscal 2015. We are taking the learnings from our successful new stores and are using them to inform the development of the modern luxury concept for other channels. Our first outlet stores will open in the second half and we are also working on both, our wholesale store and travel retail concept. Finally, we have plans underway for one warm-up of stores [ph] that are not getting the full expression of this concept. On the marketing and customer experience front, continuing with our comprehensive marketing strategy, during holiday, we presented the Dreamers' Campaign, along with advertising around our licensed categories of watches and sunwear, again, increasing our fashion advertising pages with clear improvement in our positioning. We also saw increases in editorial mentions and rank in all three major markets, North America, Japan and China. As we increased our positive brand impressions, we also continued to pull back on our North America promotional activity. Consistent with our previously announced strategy, during the years holiday quarter, we held only one invitation-only customer event around Black Friday. As planned started our semiannual sale in mid-December, which ran through January 21st, a duration matching our June-July event and in line with many other lifestyle fashion brands, many of whom went on open sell right after the Thanksgiving holiday. As you know, similar to our competitive peer group, we adopted a semiannual sales model last summer and have found it to be successful in the recruitments of new customers. We also reduced the cadence of eOS flash sales from three a week last year to less than one a week this quarter. By the end of FY'15, we expect to be down to about two events per month. In addition, there were no Coach day events in North American department stores during the holiday quarter as compared to 16 days in the second quarter of 2014. While our fashion campaign was well received and effective in repositioning the brand, we continue to evolve our Dreamers' campaign to appeal to a broader audience. This spring's campaign features actress Chloe Grace Moretz and musician Kid Cudi, with core Coach [ph]. You will see our campaigns continue to progress in the seasons ahead. While much of the journey remains in front of us, we are very pleased with what we have accomplished these last two quarters and will continue to update you on these initiatives as we move closer. Turning to the results of last quarter some key financials were, first. Net sales on a reported basis totaled $1.22 billion versus $1.42 billion a year ago, a decrease of 14%. On a constant currency basis, sales declined 12% for the quarter. Second, earnings per share totaled $0.72, excluding transformation-related charges as compared to $0.06 in the prior year's second quarter. Third international sales increased 5% on a constant currency basis and decreased 1% in dollars to $421 million from $425 million last year. China sales rose 13% in constant currency and 12% in dollars, with positive comparable store sales, while sales in our directly operated locations in Asia and Europe rose in constant currency as well. Fourth, North American sales fell 20% to $785 million from $983 million last year on a 22% comparable store sales decrease. During the quarter, looking at distribution and consistent with our annual guidance, there were little change in our global directly operated door count, in total adding two net locations worldwide, six in Greater China, two in Hong Kong and four on the mainland, three in Europe and one in Japan, while closing a net of eight locations in North America. As you know, we are primarily focused on re-platforming our stores, elevating brand perception, optimizing our stores fleet and opening new location selectively in key markets. Moving onto sales by channel and geography and starting with our domestic businesses, our total revenues in North America declined 20% for the quarter, with our directly operated businesses also down 20% as expected. As noted, total Q2 same-store sales declined 22%, with a reduction in eOS events pressuring total comp by about six percentage points. As store comps declined 16%, the sequential improvement from the 19% decrease posted into Q1. In department stores, our sales trends at POS, were similar to the company's directly operated stores, while shipments into the channel declined to a somewhat greater degree as we reduced Coach-specific promotional events consistent with our own retail stores. While we have been pleased with the relative outperformance of the locations we have converted to open sell, these were amongst the smallest doors, therefore have not provided a significant overall contribution. We expect that the second half could be more challenging at POS in this channel given the planned and even sharper decrease in year-over-year promotional activity for the spring season. Overall, we estimate that the North American premium women's handbags and accessories market continued to rise at a high single-digit rate in December quarter, in line with recent trends as the category continues to benefit from the secular shift into accessories from apparel. Turning to men's which represents 18% of the global category spend or about $7 billion today, as we have discussed, we are also continuing to drive our men's business globally, primarily through new dual gender stores. As expected, in the second quarter Coach's global sales of men's bags and accessories was essentially flat, impacted by the weaker yen and the pull backup promotion and eOS in North America. As noted, we were delighted with the response of Stuart's first men's presentation during fashion week at London Collection Men's earlier this month, therefore looking ahead we remain bullish about the prospects for our global men's business and are continuing to target $1 billion in sales in 2017. Before we discuss international sales, I wanted to provide some more insight into our North American business and holiday results. As I am sure you have heard, the overall market was rather promotional with increased competitor activity across all channels from the week leading up to Black Friday. From a channel perspective, traffic trends in retail malls continued their cyclical decline, with the outlet channel faring better. This holiday quarter was the first time that we were able to offer consumers the full modern luxury experience across product, environments and marketing, albeit, in only a few stores. However, it is proving to be a very powerful strategy in terms of changing consumers' perception and impacting results as these locations posted positive comps that were greatly above the performance of the fleet. We also saw relative outperformance in the 12 MSAs in North America, where we are most focused and where we are distorting our attention. In outlet stores, the overall environment continued to be very promotional, especially in our space with our competitive set incrementally more aggressive than last year's holiday season. We were especially pleased at customer over the important Black Friday weekend, and more generally to the higher value new collections we have lunched during holiday. As planned, our total store comp was down mid-teens, with ticket up and traffic pressured by overall weak traffic and lower conversion greatly impacted by the reduction in promotion days in our retail and wholesale channels. Our total comp was pressured an additional six points eOS, as we pulled back from three flash sales events a week in last year's second quarter to less than one event per week this holiday season. Over the year, we expect our store comp trend to improve as new product penetration grows across both channels, more stores are re-platformed and marketing intensifies. However, our Internet comp will worsen as we further curtail events. On a tighter assortment of handbags and retail, with SKUs down about 25% year-over-year, we saw absolute strength in our elevated product, more generally the above $400 price bucket grew in penetration, saw a positive and continued to represent about 30% of handbags sales versus roughly 20% last year. More broadly, leather continues to outpace logo across all channels and we continue to design into this trend. It is both, the shift that favors Coach longer-term given our heritage and leather goods and elevates our impressions in the marketplace. Outside of handbags, we continue to see relative strength in our lifestyle categories in Q2. Women's footwear significantly increased its penetration from last year's level of about 8%, growing to 12% of North American retail sales and those stores carrying a full offering. Performance was driven by boots, where we were better positioned in terms of inventory versus last year. We are also seeing a positive response to our expanded and men's and women's footwear assortment in outlet stores. In total, we saw a significant increase in footwear sales across all our directly operated channels in North America. As I have already talked to the global learnings around product, store and marketing in my opening, I will move to our spring initiatives. We are very excited about the recent arrival of Stuart's first spring collection, with Swagger, our key silhouette offered in all stores and we are now bringing in further designs into outlet, including Mickey and Ruby, building on the success of Colette, Margo and Phoebe in Q2. As discussed during Analyst Day, our approach to customer events formerly known as PCE will be far fewer events annually, about three, focusing specifically on the best customers during key holiday periods such as our Black Friday event, the only one held in the second quarter. We expect to hold one in March, and one in the fourth quarter around Mother's Day. We are being more tailored in our segmentation, selectively extending invitations. Separately, with two semiannual sales now under our belt, we will continue this practice moving forward, with our next event scheduled for the May-June period. This approach will support sustained sales growth and build our brand, reinforcing our multi-channel positioning. Overall, we are pleased with the initial steps we have taken to position Coach, notably in the North American women's business, adding more emotion and excitement to the product offering and around our brand. Turning now to our international segment, which represents about a third of Coach's business, sales rose 5% on a constant currency basis in the second quarter, but declined 1% on a reported basis, primarily impacted by the stronger dollar. As mentioned, China sales rose 13% from prior year in constant currency and 12% in dollars, with positive comparable store sales and slower distribution growth, in line with our forecast. We remain very optimistic on the prospects for this market over time as the long-term drivers that we have consistently mentioned remain intact, including a rapidly growing middle-class and overall shift from pure status to value as well as the recent anti-corruption and anti-extravagant campaigns favoring the affordable luxury segment and the evolving retail landscape, with the developments of new luxury shopping malls. However, we understand that there will likely be continued volatility in the near-term, due both to macro issues and geopolitical events which are impacting trends in China and some key tourist markets, notably Hong Kong and Southeast Asia. At this juncture, we are still targeting sales of about $600 million for FY'15 in China, primarily driven by distribution growth, but with note as many others have called out that the current conditions are limiting our ability to predict PRC consumer travel and shopping patterns, especially in Hong Kong and Macau, therefore we continue to expect ongoing performance volatility during the back half of the year. To this point, our other Asia direct businesses outside of China and Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia and Singapore, posted positive aggregate growth in local currency though the region continued to experience a slowdown in traffic, impacted by shifting trends in PRC tourist travel as well as weak inbound travel into Malaysia, given the sustained impact from the airline disasters. As expected in Japan, we posted a 7% decrease in constant currency, due in large part to the continued overhang of the April consumption tax increase. Dollar sales decline 18%, reflecting the weaker yen. In Europe, where our brand is small, but growing rapidly, we generated significant double-digit sales growth in the quarter, driven both by distribution and comp, and we continue to believe that Europe represents a significant long-term opportunity for Coach, both, with the domestic shopper and the international tourist notably in key European cities with the affordable luxury segment is outperforming traditional luxury. Given the recent and significant strength of the dollar versus the euro, we are adjusting our sales forecast for FY'15 to about $90 million versus our prior guidance of $100 million. Turning now to our global distribution plans, as they haven't changed materially from what we outlined on the last two earnings calls, I will be brief. We continued to expect our square footage globally and across all channels will increase slightly in FY'15, reflecting our North American fleet optimization. Our overarching focus will be on renovations and remodels to drive productivity. To this point, and as guided previously in North America, our directly operated square footage will be down around 5% given the 70 retail and 15 outlet closures, offset by a number of expansions within the context of a transformation and a number of outlet store openings. In wholesale as we have noted, we are moving to more open accessible displays in rolling out a sharper manager program we expect our footprint and department stores to increase modestly in FY'15. We plan to add about 40 locations and about 3% to 4% square footage while converting more than 300 locations from case line presentations to open sell. Turning to China, we are still planning to open about 20 stores and could have about 10 closures, resulting in around 10 net openings. While we expect to open a few stores in other direct Asian markets outside of China and Japan in FY'15, our portfolio approach is focused on renovating key impact doors with our modern luxury concept in order to drive our brand transformation and maximize the productivity gains with only modest growth in our footprint. Turning to Japan, in FY'15 we continue to expect the total number of locations to remain the same, with slight square footage growth from the new flagship and expansions of a few highly productive locations. Led by retail our brand transformation plans in Japan focus on the renovation of key doors in Tokyo, representing over 70% of the traffic by the end of FY'16, including the new flagship store in Shinjuku, which opened in October. We will also renovate key locations in important cities throughout the country and our flagship stores in Tokyo this spring. As a reminder, the next two quarters in Japan will be very unbalanced due to the pull followed of demand in last year's third quarter as the consumption tax increase was affected on April 1, 2014. Therefore, we would expect a double-digit decline in local currency sales in the third quarter, with a rebound in the fourth quarter. Of course, reported sales will be substantially lower given the yen weakness. Moving to Europe, as noted in FY'15, we are now projecting reported sales of around 90 million in dollars, given the strength of the dollar against the euro and adding 10 directly operated locations and more than 100 wholesale locations. Our goal is to achieve over $0.5 billion in sales at retail, representing a mid-single-digit share of the premium men's and women's bag and accessories market over our planning horizon. Finally, as we have expressed in the past, we also believe there is significant opportunity for the Coach brand in global travel retail, which represents the majority of our international wholesale sales. At quarter end, we had a total of 214 international wholesale locations in 28 countries, which included 110 travel locations and expect to add about 30 additional net locations by year-end. Now I will ask Jane to change to provide some additional detail on our financials and outlook for the balance of the year. Jane?
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Victor. Victor was just taking you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through the some of the important financial details of our second fiscal quarter results as well as our outlook for FY'15. Our quarterly revenues declined 14%, with North America down 20% and international down 1%. As noted, on a constant currency basis, revenues decreased 12% overall with international sales up 5%. Excluding transformation and other related charges, net income for the quarter totaled $200 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.72. This compare to net income of $297 million and earnings per diluted share of $1.06 in the prior year second quarter. For the quarter, operating income totaled $299 million on a non-GAAP basis versus $436 million last year, while operating margin was 24.5% versus 30.7%. During the quarter, gross profit totaled $841 million as compared to $983 million a year ago, while gross margin was 69% versus 69.2%. As expected, gross margin benefited from a reduction in North America promotional activity, but was negatively impacted by the yen. SG&A expenses as a percent of net sales totaled 44.4% on a non-GAAP basis compared to 38.5% in the year ago quarter. Absolute SG&A expenses declined slightly reflecting a stronger dollar than expected. In addition, we repurposed last year's promotional costs, primarily associated with events into increased brand focused marketing spend this holiday. we have also captured savings related to our restructurings sooner than originally anticipated. As I turn to GAAP metrics, let me recap key transformation and other related charges. As previously announced, we expect to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $250 million to $300 million associated with our transformation plan, of which about $130 million was reflected in our fiscal fourth quarter 2014 result, with another $57 million included in our first half 2015 results. These changes are related to inventory and fleet related costs, primarily in North America, including impairment accelerated depreciation and severance cost associated with store closures. In total, we now expect to capture over $70 million in savings related to our transformational initiative in fiscal 2015 and approximately $150 million in ongoing annual savings in fiscal year 2016. During the second quarter of FY'15, the company recorded charges of $20 million under the company's multi-year transformation plan. These charges consisted primarily of accelerated depreciation for renovations, lease termination costs related to store closures and organizational efficiency costs. These actions increased the company's SG&A expenses by $19 million and cost of sales by $1 million, negatively impacting net income by $14 million after tax or $0.05 per diluted share in the second quarter. In addition, the company recorded cost of $4 million associated with the pending acquisition of Stuart Weitzman, which impacted net income by $2 million after tax or a penny per diluted share. Therefore, during the first six months of fiscal 2015, the company reported total transformation related charges of $57 million and acquisition related costs of $4 million, increasing SG&A expenses by $56 million in total, cost of sales by $5 million and reducing net income by $43 million after tax or $0.16 per diluted share for the current six-month period. Moving onto the balance sheet, inventory levels at quarter end were $447 million, down 19% from Q2 FY'14. Cash and short-term investments stood at $1.06 billion as compared to $799 million a year ago, substantially held outside of the U.S. As expected, we ended the second quarter with only $20 million outstanding on our credit facility, but would expect our debt level to rise in order to cover our working capital needs in light of investments in our business, the acquisition of Stuart Weitzman and a new corporate headquarters. Net cash from operating activities in the second quarter was $445 million compared to $400 million last year during Q2. Free cash flow in the second quarter was an in-flow of $406 million versus $340 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $39 million versus $61 million in the same quarter a year ago. We now expect CapEx for FY'15 to be in the area of $300 million to $350 million, excluding the cost associated with the new headquarters, which are expected to be approximately $90 million in FY15. We anticipate maintaining our dividend at the annual rate of $1.35 for FY'15. Before I discuss our financial outlook, I want to touch on the pending Stuart Weitzman acquisition. Although, the Federal Trade Commission just granted us early termination of the Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period, I can't provide too many details around the financials and the synergies beyond what Victor already noted and we do not expect to close the acquisition until May. As disclosed, we expect the Stuart Weitzman business to be accretive from the year one, exclusive of transaction related charges including anticipated purchase accounting adjustments and contingent payments related to the transaction. We expect to use our cash to fund a significant portion of the purchase price. In short, Stuart Weitzman meets the criteria we established for ourselves in an acquisition. It is a solid growth company with over $300 million in annual sales in one of our targeted lifestyle categories. The business has significant domestic and international development potential, particularly in Asia. Importantly, the size, scope and vibrancy of the Stuart Weitzman brand, along with continuity of its management team, including Stuart Weitzman himself, allows for a seamless transition to Coach ownership. We believe, it will be an enhancement to our transformation rather than a distraction, and it will continue to run as a largely standalone business. Turning now to our financial outlook for FY'15, most probably our annual guidance has not changed for FY'15, although the stronger dollar and international tourists' trends will impact reported dollar sales and SG&A growth. First on sales, we still expect to deliver a low double-digit decline in constant currency for fiscal 2015, though down slightly more on a reported basis due to the increasing strength of the dollar. Also, keeping in mind, the compares in Japan given the consumption tax increase in April 2014, we would expect their third quarter sales to be weaker than fourth quarter. Overall for FY'15, we expect continued pressure on sales, due to our reduced promotions and second half store closure activity. We are now projecting a mid-teens comp decline in our North America stores given what we actualized in the first half and our second half forecast of improvement, with eOS pressuring the aggregate North America comp by an additional 10 points. This equates to a mid-20s decline in aggregated comps. Over the course of the fiscal year, we would expect continued modest store comp improvement as the product and store initiatives roll out offset by the continued curtailment of the eOS events. Gross margin is still projected to be in the 69% to 70% range for the year, with higher sourcing costs largely offset by favorable channel mix and lower promotional activity. SG&A expenses are now expected to grow at a low single-digit rate, reflective of our increased marketing spend and transformational initiatives, but helped by currency and the faster realization of savings than anticipated. We do still expect that our second half compare will have modest increases give the prior year dollar declines and the timing of our marketing spend. Taking together, we continue to expect operating margin to be in the high teens. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be in the area of 32% for the year though there will be some variability between quarters. We have a strong and flexible balance sheet with about $1 billion in cash and investments and low leverage. As noted during our Analyst Day and previous calls, we plan to access the capital markets as needed to fund our headquarters' investment and a portion of the cost of our recently announced acquisition of Stuart Weitzman, which will result in some interest expense in the second half of this fiscal year. In closing, I would like to reiterate Victor's earlier remarks. We laid out a very clear plan last summer and its execution is well underway. You heard this morning about our brand transformation progress around product, doors and marketing as well as our key learnings and takeaway, and I will add that we are on track from an investment and restructuring perspective. We have now taken well over half our total expected transformation related charges over the last three quarters, including rightsizing our inventory levels. We are investing in re-platforming our stores and wholesale doors and are on track to spend about $570 million over the next three years. We have begun to realize our cost savings, running a leaner, more efficient organization sooner than expected. Therefore, looking further ahead, we would expect to realize an overall annual financial improvement beginning in FY'16, with FY'17 being the year when we return to growth in line with the category. We have the resources to fund our plan while maintaining our dividend during our heavy investment period. Ultimately, our objective is to restore Coach to a place of best-in-class profitability and sustainable growth. I would now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Bob Drbul with Nomura.
Bob Drbul: Hi, good morning.
Victor Luis: Good morning, Bob.
Bob Drbul: I just have two quick questions. I think, the first one in the press release, Victor, you talked about you are encouraged by the green shoots you are seeing. Can you provide any numbers around the relative outperformance of some of the new modern luxury doors? Then the second question that I have is just with the new product going into the outlets, can you just talk a little bit more about the strategy, the price points and sort of how you are executing that piece of it and sort of the early response that you are seeing there?
Victor Luis: Sure. In terms of the modern luxury doors, Bob, which really represent as you said one of the most promising of the green shoots that we are seeing in our retail stores, we have approximately 20 that we have re-platformed prior to holiday and that is across a variety of different channels, street locations such as here in New York and Rodeo Drive, mall locations as well as in certain international locations and we are very, very pleased with the performance, which have in fact exceeded our own internal expectations positive comp and doing kind of better than the rest of the fleet and it is certainly very consistent with the strategies that we have consistently shared with all of you, which is that we believe that it is when the product, stores and marketing all come together that we will see the change in perception required to drive the business forward and that is exactly what we are seeing in these locations. As we expressed in our speakers' notes, we are continuing with the 150 re-platforming of current locations and then 50 to 60 new locations for the second half of the year. In terms of the outlets discussion, Bob, I think you were specifically talking about our product strategies there, very excited about what we are seeing there and very consistent with what we have shared with you in the past. First, Stuart design team have been touching all of the current products that had existed upon his arrival and we, in essence, re-platformed the product with new leathers, new materials, new hardware, new branding, adding a lot of value to that channel at increased costs, but the consumer is reacting well. We are seeing her more than willing to pay for it and that has driven an improved performance in our outlet stores year-on-year during the holiday period at increased gross margins year-on-year as well in what was an increasingly competitive environment, so we are really pleased. It really started with our terrific balance of price points across a mixture of categories, handbags, accessories, footwear and a great gifting collection from Black Friday, so very much great learnings for us that will leverage across channels as we move forward.
Bob Drbul: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Matthew Boss with JPMorgan.
Matthew Boss: Hi. Good morning. Can you just talk about some of the expense savings in the quarter particularly and then also visibility to the $450 million opportunity? You made some management changes and talked about streamlining in the release today, so any other potential buckets of opportunity? Finally, just any changes around the SG&A that you announced today for the full year, just if you could outline that?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. What we saw in starting most in the near end, what we saw in the quarter was really two benefits as I called out. One was the stronger dollar, which had a benefit to our expense line, so that was a key driver. Then we realized stronger savings from our restructuring than we anticipated. We realized those savings sooner, largely related to organizational efficiency. We also were able to repurpose marketing spend from promotional events largely related to eOS into more brand-focused events and realized savings there, so those were the three drivers of saving. We would expect the benefit of the weaker yen primarily to continue as we move through the year, but we do expect that marketing spend related to brand-focused, brand equity building will be heavier in the second half. As we look forward to the $150 million of savings those savings will primarily be related to efficiencies related to our store closure, they will be related to organizational streamlining and efficiency. Those will be the key drivers of savings as we move forward.
Matthew Boss: Great. Then just one follow-up, can you just walk us through some of the puts and takes on the gross margin this quarter globally, and more importantly confidence longer-term with that 69% to 70% target range?
Jane Nielsen: Absolutely. As I look at our gross margin, in this quarter, we really executed our strategy. We maintained our high gross margin at very stable rates that you have seen in prior year and really we executed the strategy, we invested in our products and elevated our product as Victor talked about and we reduced our promotional activity in North America and really struck that balance. We had a little bit of pressure from the yen on gross margins, but really that is our strategy and you saw it come true on the gross margin line.
Matthew Boss: Great. Nice quarter.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: As a reminder, please limit your questions to one per person and given the lateness of the hour, we will extend our Q&A to 9:45 to answer more questions. Please go ahead, operator.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA. Ms. Wyckoff, check your mute.
Barbara Wyckoff: Can you hear me?
Jane Nielsen: Yes.
Victor Luis: Hi, Barbara. Good morning.
Barbara Wyckoff: Hi, everybody. Could you talk about the leadership in Asia? How is this evolving with all the changes? Can you just also comment on sales and top-tier doors versus the lower tier doors and sort of the future of expansion there, where it is going to be concentrated? Thank you.
Victor Luis: Specifically, Barbara, top-tier doors versus lower tier doors, you are talking about the tiers in terms of cities within mainland China?
Barbara Wyckoff: Yes..
Victor Luis: Okay. Thank you. In terms of the leadership in Asia, there is no change impacted by the changes we have just announced. Andre Cohen, who is taking over as our leader for North America has been playing the role of Chief of Staff for the recent past, having returned from a family leave after a year and the current leadership in Asia continues as is. In terms of our distribution strategies in China, as we have mentioned in the past Barbara and talked, we have been this year very focused on ensuring that we are prepared for the consolidation that is taking place amongst certain malls, especially in the Tier-1 and Tier-2 cities, but longer-term we still very much believe in the opportunity and the Tier-3 and Tier-4 cities, not only in what it promises for the domestic market, because it is where we are seeing the greatest growth overall in China from the GDP perspective, but also what it means for outbound tourists. As we know, there is approximately 100 million outbound tourists from China today. That numbers is expected to grow by the end of 2019 to approximately 200 million, the vast majority of that growth will come from those Tier-3 and Tier-4 cities, so we are very focused on developing our awareness, developing our brand in those cities not only could benefit domestically, but also in the international tourist markets.
Barbara Wyckoff: Okay. Thanks.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Ike Boruchow with Sterne, Agee.
Ike Boruchow: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Congrats on a nice quarter.
Victor Luis: Good morning, Ike.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning, Ike.
Ike Boruchow: Hey, Victor, could you elaborate a little bit more on the remodels? I think you said there is about 20 now and you said you are pleased with the performance. Should we read into that that the comps in those stores are actually in the positive range. Then I just want to double-check. Did you say that we should have about 150 of those remodels converted by year end with another 50 to 60 of additional stores, just want to clear that?
Victor Luis: That is correct and you have just confirmed everything I said. They were positive and 150 for the second half in terms of remodels, with an additional 60 new location.
Ike Boruchow: Got it. Perfect. Thank you.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Oliver Chen with Cowen & Company.
Oliver Chen: Congrats on a solid quarter. Regarding your statements on the product assortment and the SKU breadth, is there more to go in terms of reducing the SKUs and did you have comments on the positioning regarding core versus downtown and uptown? If you are happy with the composition of how the assortment looks with respect to that merchandising strategy. Thanks.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Oliver. Yes. In terms of reduction of SKUs, not all. In fact, if anything from this holiday quarter, we have learned that the big opportunity for us was perhaps to have been a little bit fuller in terms of our gifting assortment, especially in retail with Stuart's initial launch, we were very focused on the fashion messaging which has of course been very well received. As we move forward, what I think you will see, Oliver, in our assortment is a continued reinforcement of our core or what we are calling Coach essentials, not only in terms of what they represent at those core price points, the $300, $400 price bucket, but also in terms of how we elevate those styles with other fabrication, other more premium leathers and alike to continue to bring texture and elevation into the store. If anything, I think you will see in the quarters ahead as we head into FY'16, a slight increase in our SKU count from the reduction that we have announced of 25% this past quarter.
Oliver Chen: Thank you..
Victor Luis: Thank you, and best regards.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Antoine Belge with HSBC.
Antoine Belge: Yes. Hi. It is Antoine Belge, HSBC. Regarding inventories, we have seen quite a substantial decline. How do you expect inventories to trend throughout the end of the fiscal year and what is your view on the quality of those inventories? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, Antoine. As you saw in last fiscal Q4, we took the opportunity to evaluate our inventory with respect to our transformation. As we have moved forward, you have seen inventory track very closely, you are in a range in sales that is our long-term goal that inventory would be in line with sales with some puts and takes for building for certain holiday quarter in store opening, but that is the trend you should expect to continue. I feel very good about the quality of the inventory that we sit on right now.
Victor Luis: Okay. Antoine, I would only add one thing, which as I mentioned in my notes, we had eight pop-up factory doors that we used to cleanse those inventories, which we have since closed and are no longer operating.
Antoine Belge: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thank you. Good morning. You talked about pricing in your prepared remarks and needing to have a broader array of opening price points. Could you maybe elaborate on what you are learning there? It does seem, I guess, a slight deviation given your overall kind of bill to kind of elevate the brand? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Sorry. Could you just repeat the second half of that question again you kind of fell out there.
Erinn Murphy: Absolutely, so if you talked about kind of broadening the opening price points, I would love to hear kind of what you are learning there as you think about that. It just seemed a little bit of a slight deviation given your overall context to elevate the brands. We would to love to kind of hear what you are learning as you kind of delve into that? Thank you.
Victor Luis: Sure. Yes. We have said that over and over, elevation has never been about simply increasing price points. It has been about improving the perception or elevating the perception of the brand, if you will, qualitatively in the mind of the consumer, and the most important step that we have taken there has been the pulled-back in promotions. The $300 million reduction, if you will, eOS that that we have discussed and shared with you guys openly as well as the vastly reduced number of events that we are holding in our retail channel, which is impacting our comps in that channel, especially as well as the reduced Coach days in the wholesale channel as well. In terms of the assortment, balance has always been important for us. We are very focused on continuing to refine, what we call core, which Oliver asked about earlier and there were certain silhouettes, which we are continuing to refine into one example is the taxi [ph], which is getting new shapes, getting new sizes, getting new functionality based on the additional learnings that we have had as well as other key core silhouettes and specifically a carryall, specifically the shoulder bag [ph], which will get different sizes and different materials, so what we are doing is enrichening the assortment, broadening it for that core customer to ensure a broader range of fabrications and price points.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask about Stuart Weitzman a little bit. Maybe have you elaborate, I know you made some opening comments around the rationale behind the acquisition and your excitement behind both, the opportunity for that brand and maybe cross- pollinization of the uncertain capabilities, but it was interesting for me to hear you qualify it as Coach’s first acquisition and is there something specific about this asset that really kind of compels you or could this be part of the early stages of an evolution towards more of a portfolio approach to the North America global luxury market? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Omar. We were really excited about Stuart Weitzman. Of course, the deal does not close until May, so we are limited in what we can say, but first it is a wonderful clean brand leadership in its category not unlike ourselves at that size and larger in our earlier days, especially a brand that has history and heritage over 30 years of legacy and has extremely clean distribution and pricing top-tier department stores, one outlet door here in the U.S. and only one in Europe, proven technical know-how, a great senior management team in place and a truly differentiated supply chain with the relationships and ownership that they have of part of their production. Saying that, there is also in addition to the attractiveness of the brand itself, of course, the operational technical and know-how synergies that we feel extremely good about for ourselves. In my notes, I talked about our own footwear business and its growth this past quarter. I think some folks forget that we have to $200 million footwear business already, so combined with Stuart Weitzman, we are today or will be when the deal closes, the number two U.S. market share player in the premium shoe market following, Uggs, I believe as the number one, so there is an opportunity of course for Stuart Weitzman to share with us their know-how, and especially everything that they knows so well around and fit and comfort, they have an incredibly loyal customer base that swears by the fits and that is an opportunity for us at Coach as we look at our current shoe business, which is growing and has a lot more opportunity. Of course, they have an opportunity themselves to grow their multi-category strategy as they have a very nascent handbag and accessories business today no more than 4% to 5% of their total business and we have an opportunity to help them develop that to be something more important than I am especially excited about what is happening today with the Stuart Weitzman brands, not only here in the United States, but in Asia and especially the green shoots that we are seen for them in China, which is the market that we know well and that we know we can help them grow and support.
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Omar, I would just jump in and say, this is entirely consistent with the capital allocation priorities we have laid out for Coach, Inc. which is to invest in our business, which you saw us do this quarter both in marketing and in capital to be highly selective about pursuing value creating acquisition that we believe have growth and profitability for the long-term, being goldilocks, if you will, has to be just right and we feel Stuart Weitzman is. Then finally, a commitment to returning capital to shareholders, which you saw us reiterate again, a commitment to maintaining our dividend.
Omar Saad: Victor, Jane, thanks so much. Very helpful.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Omar.
Operator: The next question is from John Morris with BMO Capital Markets.
John Morris: Thanks. My congratulations as well.
Victor Luis: Thank you, John.
John Morris: Two quick questions, one, the semiannual sale that you guys just completed, did that start on time as planned or did you shift the timing all and what is the timing for the next semiannual sale? Then my other quick question was, I think there were a couple of markets where you had closed outlets to test how the closings impact the full line stores and just wanted to get an update on any of the impact during those MSAs and what you are learnings were? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Sure. In terms of semiannual sale it was as planned, started in mid-December and through January 21st, and that was the exact same length of time as our previous semiannual sale, so absolutely no surprise or change there. In terms of the two outlets that we have closed, they have just closed a few weeks ago. It is still very early. We are putting together a learning agenda around those outlets, not only in terms, of course, cross-channel shopping, but other consumer perception changes in those two markets, one in Miami, the other in L.A., and we will share those with you in the quarters ahead.
John Morris: Great. Good luck for spring.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Joan Payson with Barclays.
Joan Payson: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning.
Victor Luis: Good morning.
Joan Payson: Just back on the store reformats that were comping positively, were those traffic or conversion-driven? Then also how did the business trend during the semiannual sale compared to the rest of the quarter?
Victor Luis: The metrics in terms of the modern luxury stores were really mixed by location because of the type of format, if you will, the street locations versus mall. Overall, traffic was a driver as consumers were coming in, of course, to experience the new, but also conversion was the other key driver and I would say that is in the Street location, so our flagships, especially here in New York as well as L.A, which was consistent with the total retail piece. ADT was a driver because of the decreased promotion year-on-year, so they really benefited across all metrics relative to the other locations and as things stabilize, of course, over time, I would imagine that we will continue to see normalization where conversion and ADT will be the major drivers.
Jane Nielsen: Joan, I would just add that, as a recall we close out this quarter, only about a little less than half of the semiannual sale period was included in this quarter.
Joan Payson: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from Ed Yruma with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Ed Yruma: Hi. Good morning. Congrats on a solid quarter. I guess, turn quickly to department stores I think you said that POS could be weaker in the second half. I know that you had some small test on the open sell. I guess, how should we think about the department store channel longer-term? Are you changing the amount of footage you get and when should we expect some of the larger doors to move to the open sell format? Thank you.
Victor Luis: Sure. Longer-term, of course, we are excited about the channel. We believe it is an absolutely vital one, where obviously the consumer has choice and where we need to compete and win effectively. The 300 doors that we have been moving to open sell, which truly represent the smallest doors that we have or the one that is still in case line, about 20% of the total fleet, but less than 15% in fact of total revenues, their financial impact is quite small, but very important to allow consumers to access product given that we are really the only brand in our space still in those cases. Longer-term, as I mentioned, we are today taking all of the learnings from our retail modern luxury concept, so the one we have opened in Rodeo here at Time Warner, and of course our mall locations, especially as well as some duty-free locations globally, we are taking those learnings and will be leveraging them across format, so in the spring you will see us leverage that in our first outlet stores as I mentioned and we will also be developing that format into both, wholesale as well as global duty-free locations, which we are very excited about.
Ed Yruma: Great. Thanks so much.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you, everyone. That concludes our Q&A. I will now turn it over to Victor Luis for some concluding remarks. Victor?
Victor Luis: Thank you. Andrea. Thank you, everybody, for being with us and for continuing to follow us on our transformation journey. As a team, we are encouraged by the positive signs that we are seeing in the execution of our strategies around the product, stores marketing as we continue to drive fashion relevance for the Coach brand and to differentiate it from the accessible luxury competition that has grown over the last 5 to 10 years, especially. I want to recognize the entire Coach team for their commitment and for continuing to have both, the courage and the discipline to stay the course with our strategies, which are very much in the long-term interest of our brand health and our business and I know that they also very much look forward to welcoming the Stuart Weitzman team to the Coach, Inc family. Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the Coach earning conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-10-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Resnick - SVP, IR and Corporate Communications Victor Luis - CEO Jane Hamilton Nielsen - CFO Francine Della Badia - President, North America Retail
Analysts:  Robert Drbul - Nomura Securities David Scheck - Stifel Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA Ike Boruchow - Sterne, Agee Omar Saad - ISI Group Oliver Chen- Cowen & Co. John Morris - BMO Capital Markets Joan Payson - Barclays 
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the COACH conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at COACH, Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, COACH's Chief Executive Officer; Francine Della Badia, President, North America Retail and Jane Nielsen, COACH's CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Also, please note that historical trends may not be indicative of future performance. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our first fiscal quarter 2015 results, and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives. Francine Della Badia will speak to our North America business, product performance and review our key programs for the Holiday season. Jane Nielsen will conclude with details on financial and operational results for the quarter and our outlook. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, the Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 AM. We will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I'd now like to introduce Victor Luis, COACH's CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thanks Andrea and welcome everyone. As noted in our press release, our first quarter results were in line with our expectation and our annual guidance at continued international growth was offset by our North American handbag business where we have strategically reduced promotional events. Importantly, we made progress on the transformation planned outlined during our Analyst and Investor Day this summer to address brand challenges and bring greater fashion relevance to COACH across the three pillars of product, stores, and marketing. The launch of Stuart Vevers first collection in September was a significant milestone in this journey and we look forward to building on our early success over the upcoming seasons. While we recognize that many of our initiatives will take time to be evident than our financial results, our performance to-date has been on plan and we are confident that we have the creative direction, team and resources to execute our brand transformation. Before we get into the details of the quarter and as promised, I thought we would share some of the actions we have taken in just the last three months. Starting with product, as mentioned we launched fall 2014 collection and retail stores globally on September 12th as planned with the full assortment including ready-to-wear introduced an approximately 40 global flagships also as planned. While at his early days, the fall 2014 product introductions are performing to expectations. In addition, we held our second event, New York Fashion Week presentation in early September showing our spring 2015 collections to The Fashion Press and once again the press was overwhelmingly positive building on the response to Fall 2014 and driving fashion, credibility and buzz. The key to elevating the brand perception in the mind of the consumer. We are also on track to launch Stuart's product in outlet stores globally this spring. And in North American department stores, we continue to grow our exclusive product program. While we are looking forward to our first stores to open or reopen with our new modern luxury concept starting tomorrow with our flagship in Shinjuku in Tokyo. These stores represent a more complete expression of our transformation. Over the next few weeks, we will be reopening our store at Time Warner center in New York City and our Rodeo Drive flagship in Beverly Hills. Prior to holidays, we expect to have a total of 20 stores opened globally in the new concept including two more here in the US, Fashion Valley in San Diego and Americana in Manhattan, Long Island. And we are on track to renovate a total of 150 retail locations in FY15 and to open 60 new stores globally in this new concept. In North American department stores, we have already completed 140 projects installing open sale environments and replacing the old case lines and have seen an improvement versus the balance of doors. We now expect to convert over 300 locations from case line presentations to open sale this fiscal year. We also successfully launched The Shop Manager program in the wholesale channel adding approximately 25 managers and key doors with the goal of adding a total of 50 shop managers in fiscal 2015. We are in the process of finalizing negotiations to close approximately 70 retail locations with the majority of closures occurring shortly after the holiday season. And we remain on track to full 13 men's only outlet locations into existing stores leveraging the team and to cross shopping opportunity. We expect that these will happen after holiday to minimize disruption during the busy selling season. We also expect to close the two outlet stores identified in key markets as part of our learning agenda during the second half. On the marketing and customer experience front, we dramatically increased our print advertising pages with improved positioning notably into September fashion books. We also saw significant increases in editorial mentions and rank in all three major markets, North America, Japan, and China. And as we increased our positive brand impressions, we also pulled back on promotional activity as announced we adopted a semi-annual sales model back in June consistent with the luxury fashion brands and had no preferred customer events in our retail stores this quarter nor any COACH days in North American department stores. In addition, we reduced the cadence of DOS flash sales from three a week last year to once a week this quarter. By the end of FY15, we expect to be down to once a two events per month. We are continuing to evolve our customer experience model to align with the evolution of the product and the new store concept. So while there are much heavy lifting remaining in front of us, we are very pleased with what we've accomplished this quarter and would continue to update you on these initiatives as we move forward. Turning to the results of the last quarter, some key financials were. First, net sales on a reported basis totaled $1.04 billion versus $1.15 billion a year ago, a decrease of 10%. On a constant currency basis, sales declined 9% for the quarter. Second, earnings per share totaled $0.53 excluding transformation related charges as compared to $0.77 in the prior year's first quarter. Third, international sales increased 4% to $381 million from $365 million last year. On a constant currency basis international sales rose 6%. As expected, China sales rose 10% with positive comparable store sales. While sales in our directly operated locations in Asia and Europe rose as well. And fourth, North American sales fell 19% to $634 million from $778 million last year, on a 24% comparable store sales decreased. During the quarter, looking at distribution and consistent with our annual guidance, there was little change in our global directly operated door count. In total, adding five net locations worldwide. One in North America, one in Japan, two in mainland China and one in Europe. As you know, we are primarily focused on re-platforming our stores, elevating brand perception, optimizing our store fleet and opening new location selectively in key markets. Moving on to sales by channel and geography and starting with our domestic businesses. Our total revenues in North America declined 19% for the quarter, with our directly operated businesses also down 19%. As noted, total Q1 same store sales declined 24% with the reduction in DOS events, pressuring total comp by about 5 percentage points. Fran will provide further context around our North American business shortly. In department stores, our sales transact DOS were similar to the company directly operated stores while shipments into the channel declined to a lesser degree, reflecting receipt of new fall product at quarter end. As mentioned, consistent with our own retail stores, weak curtails promotional activity. Overall, we estimate that the North American premium women's handbag and accessories market rose at a high single-digit rate in the September quarter in line with recent trends. As the category continues to benefit from the secular shift into accessories from apparel. Turning to men's, which represents 18% of global categories spend or about $7 billion to-date. As we discussed, we are also continuing to drive our men's business globally. Primarily through new dual-gender stores. As expected in the first quarter, COACH's global sales of men's bags and accessories rose slightly, impacted both by the Yen and the pullback of promotion and DOS in North America. Looking ahead, we remained bullish about the prospects for our global men's business and are continuing to target $1 billion in sales in 2017. Before we discuss international sales Francine Della Badia has joined us today to provide some more insight into our North American business and initiatives for the season ahead. Franc?
Francine Della Badia: Thanks Victor. The first quarter marked the implementation of many initiative we outlined to the Analyst Day, to change and elevate brand perception in the minds of our consumers. In the early days, the impact of these actions played out as expected both globally and in North America. Domestically, we kicked off our semi-annual sales strategy at the end of Q4 and ran it through the first couple of weeks in July. Q1 was the first quarter that we curtailed preferred customer events. As forecast, this impacted conversion rate to the quarter, while traffic trends remained weak on a year-over-year basis. Given the shift in the type and cadence of promotional activity and as anticipated, average unit retail rose as did average transaction size. Bear in mind that the new product arrived in stores in week 11 of the 13 week quarter that would had little impact on results. In outlet stores, the overall environment was definitely more promotional especially in our space with our competitive set becoming even more aggressive, traffic levels were weak and conversion was negative while ticket was up slightly. We did see a very positive consumer response to our new Kuwait collection which carried a higher AUR underscoring the premise that emotion can trump price even in outlets. As planned, our store comp was down high-teens with our total comp pressured an additional five points by DOS as we pulled back from three flash sales events a week to only one event per week. Over the year, we expect our store comp trend to improve as new product penetration growth across both channels, more stores are re-platformed and marketing intensifies. However our internet comp were worsen as we further curtail events. As discussed, evolving brand perception is critically important in North America notably for women’s bag and accessory business where we’ve been the most challenged. During the first quarter, we presented a more focused assortment of handbags in retail stores with SKUs down about 25% from prior year and saw handbags increased as a percent of our women’s business. Within our handbag business in retail stores, we saw absolute strength in our elevated product. More generally, the above $400 price bucket grew in penetration saw a positive comp and represented 30% of handbag sales versus roughly 21% last year. At the same time, we maintained a balanced assortment with small bags continuing to trend well and our overall handbag AURs remaining consistent with prior year. More broadly, leather continues to outpace Logo across all channels and we're designing into this trend. It’s both the shift that favors COACH longer term, given our heritage in leather goods and elevates our impressions in the marketplace. In fact, Logo represented only 6% in women’s handbags in our retail business down from 8% last year. Outside of handbags, we continue to see relative strength in our lifestyle categories in Q1. Women’s footwear held its penetration at last year’s level at about 9% of North America retail sales in those stores carrying the full offering. We are also seeing a positive response to our expanded men’s and women’s footwear assortment in outlet stores. In total, we saw a significant increase in footwear sales across all directly operated channels in North America. Before I move on to holiday initiatives, I know that you want to hear about how the new fall 2014 product is checking since its mid-September launch and what our key learnings are. While it’s only been six weeks, we have been pleased with the reception to the new line. Our handbag assortment represent Stuart's hip and modern take on the brand punctuating the essence of COACH’s DNA. We have seen excellent response to novelty across all price points and are definitely seeing more new customers especially in collection doors carrying the full assortment. Editorial product featured no marketing or picked up in the fashion press such as the Rider 33 handbag, the Apollo sweater, the shearling coat and Urban Hiker boot have all been standouts. Anecdotally, we are hearing from our store teams that these early adopters of Stuart's collection product are highly fashion engaged and new to the brand. They are buying multiple pieces including ready-to-wear bags and shoes. In addition and importantly, we're also seeing success in the fashion execution of core products such as the Crosby Carryall, which marries great function with great style in neutral vibrant colors and animal prints. Indie is the bestseller in the refined pebbled leather with enhanced branding and Kelsey, a great value at 228 and Signature card and 258 in leather. Turning to holidays, we continue to focus on increasing the level of distinctive newness across all product categories adding emotion while strengthening fashion credibility and relevance to the brand. New product launched last Friday including Gramercy, our top handle satchel and Ranger a great fashion shoulder bag as well as cold weather accessories. For holiday, we also have a new shoulder bag scout at a $325 price point delivering right before Thanksgiving. In outlet CB, last year's bestseller in retail was just introduced last week while Margo, a new carryout across multiple fabrication comes in early December. As discussed during Analyst Day, our approach to customer events formerly known as PCE will be far fewer events annually, focusing specifically on our best customers during key holiday periods such as Black Friday. We will be more tailored in our segmentation selectively extending invitations. This approach will support sustained sales growth and build our brand, reinforcing our full price positioning. At the same time, we're also enhancing our store environments as Victor mentioned, we're excited about our first new retail concept stores during holiday which will represent the true manifestation of modern luxury across all aspects of the customer experience, environments, products and service. In addition to the new architecture and furniture and fixturing, our in-store initiative include new music, updated packaging and an elevated clientele program in key flagship. In summary, we're pleased with the initial steps we've taken to reposition COACH. Notably in the North America women's business adding more emotion and excitement to the product offering and around our brand. With that, I will turn it over to Victor for a discussion of our international business, strategies and further opportunities for growth. Victor?
Victor Luis: Thanks Fran. Turning now to our international segment which represents about a third of COACH's business. Sales rose 6% on a constant currency basis in the first quarter and 4% on a reported basis primarily impacted by the weaker yen on a year-over-year basis. As mentioned, China sales rose 10% from prior year with positive comparable store sales and slower distribution growth in line with our forecast. We remain very optimistic on the prospects for this market overtime as long-term drivers remained intact including a rapidly growing middle class and overall shift from pure stated to value favoring the affordable luxury segment and the evolving retail landscape with the development of new luxury shopping malls. However, we understand that there will likely be continued volatility in the near-term due to both macro issues and geopolitical events which are impacting trends in China and some key tourist markets notably Hong Kong and South East Asia. While we are still targeting China sales of about $600 million for FY15 driven primarily by distribution growth, current conditions are limiting visibility to PRC consumer travel and shopping patterns especially in Hong Kong driving more variability on a quarterly basis. To this point, our other Asian direct businesses outside of China and Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia and Singapore posted positive aggregate growth though the region experienced a slowdown in traffic impacted by shifting trends in PRC consumer travel as well as weak inbound travel into Malaysia given the sustained impact from the airline investors. As expected, in Japan we posted a 7% decrease in constant currency due in large parts to the continuing impact of the April consumption tax increase. Dollar sales declined 12% reflecting the weaker yen. In Europe, where our brand is small but growing rapidly, we generated significant sales growth and double-digit comps in the quarter. We continue to believe that Europe represents a significant long-term opportunity for COACH both with domestic shoppers and the international tourists notably in key European cities with the affordable luxury segment is outperforming traditional luxury. In FY15 we expect to grow our business to around $100 million from about $60 million in FY14. Turning now to our global distribution plans. As our plans have not changed materially from what we outlined on our August earnings call, I will be brief. We continue to expect that our square footage, globally and across all channels will increase slightly in FY15, reflecting our North American fleet optimization. Our overarching focus will be on renovations and remodels to drive productivity.  To this point, as we guided previously in North America, our directly operated square footage will be down around 5%, given the 70 retail and 50 in outlet closures offset by a number of expansions within the context of our transformation and a number of outlet store openings. And in wholesale as we've noted, we're moving to more open accessible displays and rolling out a shop manager program. We expect our footprint in department stores to increase modestly in FY15. We plan to add about 40 locations and about 3% to 4% square footage. While converting more than 300 locations from case line presentation to open sale. Turning to China. We are still planning to open about 20 stores and could have about 10 closures resulting in around 10 net openings. While we expect to open a few stores in our other Asia direct markets outside of China and Japan in FY15. Our portfolio approach is focused on maximizing productivity with only modest growth of our footprint. Turning to Japan. In FY15 we continued to expect a total number of location to remain the same, which slight square footage growth from the new flagship and expansions of a few highly productive locations. Led by retail, our brand transformation plans in Japan focus on the renovation of key doors in Tokyo representing over 70% of the traffic by the end of FY16. Including the new flagship in Shinjuku, Tokyo set to open tomorrow as I mentioned earlier. We will also renovate key locations in important cities throughout the country and our flagship stores in Ginza and Shibuya next spring. Most generally, we continue to expect a continuation of current trends in Japan given the ongoing drag from the consumption tax increase which won't anniversary until the next April. Moving to Europe. In FY15 as noted, we still expect to grow our business to about 100 million. However, due to the shift in project timing, we now expect to add about 10 directly operated locations and more than 100 wholesale locations. Our goal is to achieve over 0.5 billion in sales and retail, representing mid-single-digit share of the premium men's and women's bag and accessories market over our planning horizon. Finally, we also believe there is a significant opportunity for the COACH brand in global travel retail which represents the majority of our international wholesale sales. At the end of the quarter, we had a total of 204 international wholesale locations in 28 countries, which included 110 travel locations and expect to add about a net 30 additional locations by year end. Now, I'll ask Jane to provide some additional further detail on our financials and our outlook for the balance of the year. Jane?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Thanks, Victor. Victor was just taking you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our first fiscal quarter results as well as our outlook for FY15. Our quarter revenues declined 10% with North America down 19% and international up 4%. As noted on a constant currency basis revenues decreased 9% overall with international sales up 6%. Excluding transformation and other related charges, net income for the quarter totaled 146 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.53, this compared to net income of 218 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.77 in the prior year's first quarter. For the quarter, operating income totaled 270 million on a non-GAAP basis versus 322 million last year while operating margins was 20.9% versus 27.9%. During the quarter, gross profit totaled $719 million as compared to $827 million a year ago while gross margin was 69.3% versus 71.8%. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales totaled 48.4% on a non-GAAP basis compared to 43.9% in the year ago quarter. As I turn to GAAP metrics, let me recap key transformation and other related charges. As previously announced we expect to incur pretax charges of approximately $250 million to $300 million associated with our transformation plan. A portion of which were reflected in our fiscal fourth quarter 2014 results and we expect the remainder to be largely incur during FY15. These changes are related to inventory and fleet related costs primarily in North America including impairment, accelerated depreciation and severance cost associated with store closures. In total, we expect to capture $70 million in savings related to our transformation initiatives in fiscal 2015 and approximately $150 million in ongoing annual savings in fiscal year 2016. As you may recall, during the fourth quarter of FY14 we recorded charges of approximately $130 million for transformation and other related actions. These charges consisted primarily of the realignment of inventory, impairment charges and a portion of the cost related to store closures. In aggregate, these actions increased our COGS by $82 million and SG&A expenses by $49 million negatively impacting net income by $88 million after tax or $0.31 per diluted share all on a GAAP basis. During the first quarter of 2015, we recorded an additional $37 million of charges associated with the transformation plan. These charges are primarily related to our organizational efficiency initiatives notably in the elimination of over 150 jobs announced in July representing about a 6% decrease in global corporate staffing level. In aggregate, these actions increased the company's SG&A expense by $33 million and cost of sales by $4 million in the period negatively impacting net income by $27 million after tax or $0.10 per diluted share. Moving on to the balance sheet, inventory levels at quarter end were $597 million down 6% from Q1 FY14. Cash and short-term investments stood at $907 million as compared to $855 million a year ago substantially held outside of the US. We continue to deploy international cash into high quality investments with higher yields and durations over a year. And in turn there is a shift between cash and short term investments into other non-current assets. As expected, we ended the fourth quarter with the $170 million outstanding on our credit facility in order to cover our working capital needs in light of investments in our business and new corporate headquarters.  Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter was $139 million compared to a $164 million last year during Q1. Free cash flow in the first quarter was it inflow of $99 million versus a $118 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $14 million versus $46 million in the same quarter a year ago. We continue to expect CapEx for FY15 to be in the area of $350 million excluding the cost associated with the new headquarters which are expected to be approximately a $100 million in FY15 as previously announced. And we anticipate maintaining our dividend at an annual rate of a $1.35 for FY15. Turning now to our financial outlet for FY15 as our annual plans have not changed from those shared during our June Analyst Day meeting and reiterated on our 4Q '14 earnings call I'll be brief. First on sales, we expect to deliver a low double-digit decline both in constant currency and on a reported basis in fiscal 2015 largely due to our reduced promotion and store closure activity. We are projecting a high-teens comp decline in our North American stores with DOS pressuring the aggregate North America comp by an additional 10 points. This equates to a mid to high 20% decline in aggregate comps. Over the course of the fiscal year, we would expect store comps to improve as the product and store initiatives roll out while the pressure from DOS will intensify as we continue to reduce the cadence of events. Gross margin is still projected to be in the 69% to 70% range for the year with higher sourcing cost largely offset by favorable channel mix and lower promotional activities. SG&A expenses are still expected to grow at a low to mid-single digit rate reflective of our increased marketing spend and transformation initiatives. Importantly, while our first quarter SG&A expenses actualize below our expectations and we're down from prior year. This is more a function of timing than any change in our full year plan. Our 2Q and 3Q compares will show the most significant increase given the prior year dollar decline and the timing of our marketing spend in FY15. Taking together, we would expect operating margin to be in the high-teens. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be in the area of 32% for the year as we do not expect to anniversary some of the one-time tax benefits we generated in the second half of FY14. We have a strong and flexible balance sheet with about $1 billion in cash and investments and low leverage. We can't continue to access the capital market at attractive rates as needed to fund our headquarters’ investment. In closing, I'd like to reiterate Victor's early remarks. We laid out a very clear plan this summer and its execution is underway. You heard this morning about our brand transformation progress around three pillars, product, stores and marketing. And I will add that we are also on track from an investment and restructuring perspective. We've taken out -- we've taken about half our total expected transformational related charges over the last two quarters including right-sizing our inventory levels. We're investing and re-platforming our stores and wholesale doors and are on track to spend about $570 million over the next three years. We've begun to realize our cost savings running a leaner more efficient organization. Therefore, looking further ahead, we expect to realize an overall annual financial improvement beginning in FY16 with FY'17 being the year when we return to growth in line with the category. We have the resources to fund our plan while maintaining our dividend during our heavy investment period. Ultimately, our objective is to restore COACH to a place of best-in-class profitability and sustainable growth. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). The first question is from Bob Drbul with Nomura.
Robert Drbul - Nomura Securities: Hi. Good morning.
Victor Luis: Good morning Bob.
Robert Drbul - Nomura Securities: Here is the question that I have is beyond Q1 how has the response to the new product been in retail stores and specifically have you seen a change in retail store comp trends?
Victor Luis: Good morning Bob. Thanks for your question and for being with us as usual. We have of course been following the performance very closely as Fran mentioned we have seen and are very pleased with our performance which really reflects the initial signs to product across the channel. When we look at the performance in the first quarter it's very difficult of course to read clearly because of the shift that we have taken in our promotional activities. As we mentioned we had our semi-annual sales of first two weeks of the quarter and no promotional events for the remainder of the first quarter. As we come into October, what we have seen is continued great performance across the new product. We as Fran mentioned have seen positive signs in performance across the new styles in fashion, novelty and core and positive comp across the above $400 performance but very difficult to see with the shift in promotion.
Robert Drbul - Nomura Securities: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Scheck with Stifel.
David Scheck – Stifel: Hi, good morning. I just need to say that there is a lot of moving parts in answer to Bob's question, but any estimation of the impact on tails or comp from the reduction of the COACH days and the DOS in North America.
Victor Luis: In terms of the reduction of DOS as Jane mentioned the impact was 5 comp points. The COACH days were only in our wholesale channel, David.
David Scheck – Stifel: I'm sorry in wholesale.
Victor Luis: Yeah, which really was an impact of depending on the chain anywhere from 20 to 25 days that we reduced. So approximately one-third of almost one-third of total days where we had promotion last year that we didn't have this year and in general as we mentioned in our speakers notes, the performance was pretty much in line with what we saw in our own stores where we also reduced all of the PCE events from last year.
David Scheck – Stifel: Okay. You mentioned the comp positive above 400. Could you talk about how that looked a year ago and over the last year and how much of it change in trend you're seeing in the above 400?
Victor Luis: Sure, Fran.
Francine Della Badia: Hi, good morning. As we said on the call, the above 400 is about 30% of our sales this year versus 21% last year. So we are seeing a great response to the elevated product and the forecast that will continue to see the trend rate in this category going forward.
David Scheck – Stifel: I guess my question is, was the above 400 price point. If you could talk about over the last... the prior 12 months not the last quarter but the prior 12 months. How was that trending as a contributor or a drag to comp? Now that it's obviously comping positive in your comping, were your comping it's a huge, it's usually different to the positive sides. So where was that $400 and above comp over the prior year or so?
Francine Della Badia: Yeah, so we've actually been talking about the positive response that we've been having through products above 400 for the past year. What we are seeing now is even stronger performance in that category so it has been above 400 a category that has been performing well for us over the past year and we saw... as we mentioned in the positive comp trend this quarter which we wanted to call out as a response to the new product that we launched with Stuart's first collection.
David Scheck – Stifel: Right, any sense of the magnitude in the difference between the prior and the now updated positive comp. That's what I'm really trying to get to.
Francine Della Badia: Yeah, we are calling it a positive comp. So without any more specific surrounded. We are very pleased with the performance in that location.
David Scheck – Stifel: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA: Hi, everybody. Could you talk about the performance in the outlet stores in first quarter as the product has been cleaned up? Can you talk about the comps excluding DOS and then secondly can you talk about China the impact on stores in the Hong Kong area with a demonstrations and have you seen any transfer of business outside of Hong Kong and could you recap the number of stores by city tier in China.
Victor Luis: Thanks for your multiple questions Barbara as usual. Let me start with China and then I'll hand off to Fran on North American factory and what we are seeing there. In terms of China and Asia overall, what we're seeing is very much, what we're all reading in terms of the geopolitical and macroeconomic situation. We continue to target positive comps and about $600 million in sales for this fiscal year as we said during our notes. But we are seeing tremendous variability and performance and that of course is especially true in Hong Kong where we did have a couple of closures of a few key locations at certain points during the demonstrations, but the biggest impact of course has been in tourists flows across the region.  What we're seeing is a fewer tourists into Hong Kong and Macau as well as continued decreases into South East Asia some of that again due to some geopolitical events in that region and of course in Malaysia due to still some impact from the airline disasters. We are seeing some uptick in tourist flows into Taiwan and into Korea but truly not enough to mitigate the -- not at the same level as the decreases that we're seeing especially in the key markets of Hong Kong. Saying all of that Barbara as you know it's very resilient economies I think that while there maybe this short term variability our confidence in the long-term opportunities of China and especially of the Chinese consumer globally is very, very strong. We continue to see incredible growth in the middle class there. We continue of course to see very, very good development of the retail infrastructure which offers a lot of opportunities. I am constantly reminded of the fact that we bought our business back in 2008 at the peak of the economic crisis and made very important decisions to invest.  China will also benefit from all of the great work that we're doing in brand transformation and we're very much taking the same position of looking to invest and drive our brand relevance further in that market. I'll now pass on to Fran I think you had Barbara one more question on distribution by tiers. We today have a 136 locations on the mainland, the vast majority of our doors are in tier 1 and tier 2 cities with 37 locations in tier 3 and 4, the remainder in tier 1 and 2.
Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA: Thanks.
Francine Della Badia: Barbara to answer the questions about outlet just first as a reminder we don't disaggregate comp performance in North America direct so I'll just go right to the product performance last month. We launched new product collection called Collect which was largely a leather based full price inspired product which performed extremely well at the higher end of our AUR offering in outlet and last week we just launched CB again a very strong leather based collection in a ray of color. And we're seeing very, very strong performance in that product over through this past weekend. In terms of stores impact on factory, we had focused first on full price, Stuart design for outlet products will arrive in a small way right before holiday. And then we will launch more Stuart designed product for outlet beginning in the spring.
Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ike Boruchow with Sterne, Agee.
Victor Luis: Good morning.
Ike Boruchow - Sterne, Agee: Hi. How are you doing good morning everyone? Thanks for taking my question. I just have my question was on the gross margin lines. So you guys are doing a very good job pulling back from the promotions at the private client events and the outlet DOS. So my question is the core gross margin is still down 250 basis points so this clearly got to be an offset to the benefits you're getting from being less promotional. Is that sourcing, is that off price sales I mean can you just help us understand exactly what's going on in a gross profit. Thank you.
Francine Della Badia: Yes Ike. So what you saw is about the 260 point decline in our gross margin. Importantly while we are pulling back in promotion activities we did versus last year about a 100 points of pressure from North America outlet in higher product and sourcing cost accounted for the other half. As we said in Analyst Day we're continuing to invest in our products and innovation, quality and putting value in our product for our consumer and then FX was the remainder.
Ike Boruchow - Sterne, Agee: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group: Hi. Thanks. Good morning guys. Wanted to ask about the new product and how we should think about its flow through into that outlet channel and that consumer base going forward whether it's next year and then how we think about the impact there?
Victor Luis: Sure, Omar I think in reference to Bob's first question as well the good news is that our product is basically performance truly per our plan. And so our plan was of course to take core style such as the ED such as Crosby which are really core styles that will be multi-seasonal and bringing newness and novelty to off the season and then that seasonal product will then flow into outlet through following being in our semi-annual sale first and for most which is the new part of our strategy compared to prior seasonal. So then what we are not doing through the PCE events of course will lead to some promotional activity through the open sale which we will have at the end of each season. The first event of which we had at the end of fourth quarter beginning of the first quarter where we've had a lot of learning that we're now leveraging of course into our next event. One of the key learnings that I might add was the recruitment of new consumers that we saw coming in through the open sale which really bodes well of course for how that seasonal product tend serve as a recruitment tool for that more value conscious consumer as well in key metropolitan areas.
Omar Saad - ISI Group: That's very helpful. Thanks Victor.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Oliver Chen with Cowen. 
Oliver Chen- Cowen & Co.: Hi, thanks a lot. Regarding Stuart and the opportunity you had an outlet. What are your thoughts on how he's going to evolve product with respect to pricing and on your candid comments about the competitives what we've noticed is a lot of competitors competing really strongly on price. So what are your thoughts on the big opportunity in terms of the comp lever you've seen in this environment and in outlet?
Victor Luis: Thank you Oliver. Glad to hear from you. We of course a very conscious of bringing value to the consumer and that will happen through not only sharp price points but of course by bringing them value as well through quality. As think you heard Fran mentioned one of the wonderful collections that we've launched this past quarter Collette where we've seen truly great consumer reaction to has been at a much higher AUR than our other collections. But of course we also are very focused in and as a theme not only in the outlet but also in retail and meeting the needs of our core consumer. In the case of outlet, we have increased newness coming through Fran mentioned Margo which launches in December that will be followed by a series of other collections throughout the spring and that will be at various price points from the shoppers one at a 100 and below right on up through suggested retails or I should say AURs at approximately 200 to 300 as well.
Oliver Chen- Cowen & Co.: Thank you. And we're pretty excited about where the men's product looks. Could you just remind us about how you feel about the long-term percentage of mix and where that can go? Thank you.
Victor Luis: Sure so for us we're in the 14% to 15% range today, the total market for men's represents approximately 18% of the $40 billion premium handbag and accessories markets. We see ourselves of course getting to that and a targeting as I mentioned in my notes Oliver by the end of '17, a $1 billion in sales.
Oliver Chen- Cowen & Co.: Thank you very much. Best regards for the holiday season.
Victor Luis: Thank you Oliver.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Morris with BMO.
John Morris - BMO Capital Markets: Thanks and my congratulations on your hard work and progress so far.
Victor Luis : Thank you John.
John Morris - BMO Capital Markets: Question I think for Jane on the SG&A just to go back and touch base on that. It looks like it was coming in below your expectations and below where the Street had modeling it and when I heard was it was a lot of that have to do with timing. And so why what was the behind the timing was it that you decided or the company decided to hold off on some of the marketing plans so far, yeah just kind of what were the attributes that help the SG&A come in a little bit lower than expectations.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: John as you step back from it a lot of it is about what was in the base last year. So RK was in the base last year and we're able to re-purpose. We're able to re-purpose some of those RK expenditures to marketing in this quarter. Additionally C COACH Europe, in the back half increased our expense level as we move through FY14 and it was not in our base in the first quarter.
John Morris - BMO Capital Markets : Wouldn't you planning, wouldn't you all have taken that into account. So just wondering kind of why would it come in little bit below your expectations that. The SG&A...
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: So obviously we're right in track with our guidance for full year for SG&A in terms of SG&A growth as we look at the pushes and pulls in that, it is we are continuing to have an outlook of spending $25 million in marketing and we'll have some expenditures related to occupancy as we open up new international doors and some compensation related expenses as we look at performance based comp back on target which we took down in the second quarter of the last year.
John Morris - BMO Capital Markets : Okay, great and then just one another quick one if I may. Can you give us a feel for the performance in the full assortment stores relative to your expectations versus the performance in the rest of the fleet in another words you are seeing, a divergence in terms of the performance as you would measure in this 40 full assortment stores?
Victor Luis: Yeah, I think overall as we mentioned the total collection and total newness is really performing to our expectations and very much in our plan, where we have seen truly great signs as we talked about it is in that above 400. We've seen terrific signs in the full collection doors as well. There is no doubt that we have a new consumer engaging with COACH across the more elevated, more fashioned product and that is globally.  We are also seeing better performance in the doors that received the full remodel. Not yet the full concept because as I mentioned in my remarks today actually this evening tomorrow in Japan our Shinjuku flagship is the first full store that is opening in the new concept followed by Rodeo and AOL, Time Warner. But we did significantly touch up our stores that Bleecker Streets, South Coast Plaza with some of you have seen in the past is not yet the full new concept but has an inspiration of it as well as lower fifth, all of those stores are performing much better than the rest of the fleet. And as I mentioned as well still very early days but the over 100 locations in wholesale where we moved to open sale we're seeing better performance as well as the locations again very early days release at the store managers in wholesale. So where we are making the fullest expression of transformation visible. We are seeing the greatest impact. We are pleased with the reaction to fashion and we are also very pleased with the two key core silhouettes that are out there which I really our first core introductions ED and Crosby with more to follow, Fran mentioned Scout which follows in December and then we also have a [town carton] which comes in late January early February which are two other key silhouettes chopper pricing that we believe will resonate with our core consumer.
John Morris - BMO Capital Markets: Perfect. Thank you.
Victor Luis: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from Joan Payson with Barclays.
Joan Payson - Barclays: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So I focusing I guess on Japan, how do you think about that business for the rest of the year and when there might be a potential for rebound there? And then also I think you mentioned the logo mix for the full price stores being at 6% today. But what has that evolved to in the outlet business and is there a target in mind for the factory stores compared to full price?
Victor Luis: Sure, let me first touch on Japan and then I'll let Fran to touch on outlet. Overall in the case of Japan results are very much consistent with our expectations and our annual guidance. Our planning was very much done both in the context of the environments that we've been seeing post the consumption tax is of course as well as our own brand transformation strategy with a lot of work being done in key flagships stores across Tokyo and other key cities and product there as well performing to expectations with certain really nice highlights especially across the more fashioned product where we have seen higher penetrations in Japan across Rider and a few of the fashion bags that we have in other markets. And now I'll turn to Fran on outlet.
Francine Della Badia: Hi, in terms of the logo business in outlet much more significant than it is in our retail business. It's running right now at about 40% of total sales that's across all categories, handbag specifically it's about 26% of the business in bags. So it's still an important category for us in outlet.
Joan Payson - Barclays: Great, thank you.
Victor Luis: And what's great there that I will just add we are doing a tremendous amounts of work in iterating across Signature platforms so you will see new Signature platforms penetrating across both our full price channels which we've launched and outlet moving forward as well as the wholesale channel. So we've recognized that while Signature and Logo in general is down trending globally for all players. We see it as a key part of our strategy moving forward and a key part for Stuart and the team to innovate and drive further relevant.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you everyone. That concludes our Q&A. as you know we like to conclude prior to the markets openings. I will turn it back to Victor Luis for some closing remarks. Victor.
Victor Luis: Thank you Andrea. I want to thank all of you for being with us today and we've outlined very clear and comprehensive strategies and plant this past summit to address all of COACH's brand challenges. We're in the very early execution of our journey and very confident in laying the foundation for our long-term vibrancy and growth. In this first quarter, I could not be proud of our team and the steps that we have taken across all of the consumer touch points.  And at this moment I would also like to take the opportunity to recognize the retirement of our executive Chairman Lue Frankfort, who truly has been a legend in all that he has achieved in his career at COACH. I and the team wish him a tremendous inherited legacy and we wish him a tremendous amount of success as he moves forward in his next chapter. And of course I sit here incredibly proud of what we've accomplished in these early stages of our transformation book more importantly very confidence as we move forward as the team in our next chapter and I thank you all for being with us and look forward to seeing you during the course of holiday. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude the COACH's earnings conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-08-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Victor Luis - Chief Executive Officer Jane Hamilton Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer Francine Della Badia - President, North America Retail
Analysts: Bob Durbil - Nomura Securities Oliver Chen - Citigroup Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA Brian Tunick - JPMC Ike Boruchow - Sterne, Agee Ed Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group John Morris - BMO Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you. Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Coach's Chief Executive Officer; and Jane Nielsen, Coach's CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a complete list of risks and important factors. Also, please note that historical trends may not be indicative of future performance. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our fourth fiscal quarter and annual 2014 results, and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives. Jane Nielsen will conclude with details on financial and operational results for the quarter and year, along with our outlook for FY '15. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session, where we will be joined by Francine Della Badia, President, North America Retail. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 AM. Victor will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I'd now like to introduce Victor Luis, Coach's CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thanks, Andrea, and welcome everyone. As noted in our press release, the fourth quarter capped a challenging year for the company, most notably in the North American women's bag and accessory business. However, it was also a year of many accomplishments for Coach, including the successful integration of our retail businesses in Europe, surpassing $500 million in sales in China and driving men's to about $700 million in sales globally. Most importantly, we laid the groundwork for our transformation to a modern luxury lifestyle brand across all key consumer touch points, product, stores and marketing. A crucial milestone was the arrival of Executive Creative Director, Stuart Vevers, last September, who has already had a significant impact on the creative direction of the brand. This was highlighted by our first New York Fashion Week presentation in February, and the editorial praise his inaugural collection received globally. We also developed our new retail concept, inspired by our New York City heritage, using an iconic materials palette that is distinctively Coach. And throughout the year, we continue to refine our global marketing message, just announcing our new campaign for fall. Most recently at our Analyst Day in June, we presented our comprehensive long-term strategic plan to reinvigorate our business, and rewrite the Coach playbook to achieve growth and leadership. We are taking the key transformation actions to enable the strategic path forward, embarking on the execution phase of our journey. Turning to the results of last quarter, some key financials were: first, net sales on a reported basis totaled $1.14 billion versus $1.22 billion a year ago, a decrease of 7%. On a constant currency basis, sales declined 6% for the quarter. Second, earnings per share totaled $0.59 as compared to $0.89 in the prior year's fourth quarter, excluding transformation-related charges in both periods. Third, international sales increased 7% to $414 million from $388 million last year. On a constant currency basis, international sales rose 9%. Sales in China remained very strong, increasing 20% with a continuation of double-digit comps, while sales in our directly-operated locations in Asia and Europe rose significantly as well. And fourth, North American sales fell 16% to $691 million from $825 million last year on a 17% comparable store sales decrease. During the quarter, looking at distribution, the company closed six North American retail locations and opened two net new outlet locations. At the end of FY '14, there were 332 retail and 207 outlet stores in about a 160 outlet malls in North America. For the full year, we closed five net locations in North America. Moving on to China. During the quarter, we opened six net new locations, all on the Mainland, brining the total to 153 locations, including 134 on the Mainland in 55 cities. This represented a net increase of 27 for the year. In Japan, we had one net closure during the quarter. This took us seven net openings for FY '14. At yearend, there were 198 directly-operated locations, which include 151 retail and 47 outlet locations in about 30 outlet malls. Also in Asia, during the fourth quarter, we opened one location in Malaysia, taking us to five net openings for the year and brining the total to 97 directly-operated locations in the balance of Asia, including 48 in South Korea, 27 in Taiwan, 13 in Malaysia and nine in Singapore. In Coach Europe, we opened one directly-operated door during the period for a total of nine directly-operated door openings during FY '14. As of the end of the quarter, there were 27 directly-operated locations in Europe across the U.K., France, Ireland, Spain, Portugal, Germany and Italy. We also opened several wholesale doors. Moving on to sales by channel and geography and starting with our domestic businesses. Our total revenues in North America declined 16% for the quarter with our directly-operated businesses down 15%. As noted, total Q4 same-store sales declined 17%. For the full year, sales in North America fell 11% with our directly-operated businesses down 10% on a 15% comp decline. In department stores, our sales trend at POS were modestly above prior year during the fourth quarter, while shipments into department stores declined as expected. The outperformance vis-à-vis our retail stores was consistent with prior quarters and reflective of the overall channel and generally better traffic trends than the malls at large. For the year, our department store sales at POS were slightly lower. For both the quarter and the year, our women's handbag and accessory business was challenged, facing both increased competition and intensified promotional activity, while the overall category continued to grow. Overall, we estimate that growth in the North American premium women's market, excluding moderate trends, grew at a high-single digit rate, topping $11 billion, as bags and accessories continue to represent a growing portion of her wardrobing spend. The premium men's market in North America demonstrated continued momentum from a much smaller base, growing at a low-double digit pace to over $1 billion. Therefore, the combined North American premium women's and men's market rose about 9% in FY '14 to over $12 billion, with Coach representing a combined market share of about 23%. Similar to what we've done over the last few quarters, I want to provide some underlying texture to the comp performance, both in those areas where we've seen progress and those areas where we see the opportunity to improve our positioning in North America. As was the case industry-wide, in-store traffic continue to decline with the ShopperTrak retail traffic index, which includes outdoor lifestyle and outlet malls, still down about 8% for the quarter, but an improvement from the double-digit decline in the March quarter, helped by the Easter shift into April and better weather. The NRTI, focused on indoor malls, having less of a weather impact, was up slightly 2% in the quarter, after declining slightly in the previous quarter. In aggregate, conversion and transaction size were neutral to our store business, while traffic drove the comp declines. As noted on our previous calls during this fiscal year and as expected, our online business dampened our overall North America comp in the fourth quarter by about 3 percentage points. Specifically, our year-over-year comparisons continue to be impacted by our strategic decisions to both eliminate third-party flash events this fiscal year and limit access and invitations to our outlet flash site. Excluding these factors, our Internet comp would have contributed to our aggregate performance. There were some sustained themes in our North American women's business throughout the year, including our fourth quarter. Leather continues to outpace logo across all channels and we are designing into this trend. It's a long-term shift that favors Coach, given our heritage in leather goods. Small bags also continue to trend well. In addition, we saw a relative strength in our elevated product in our retail stores. More generally, the above $400 price bucket grew in penetration and represented 21% of handbag sales versus roughly 16% last year. Outside of handbags, we continue to see relative strength in our lifestyle categories in Q4. Footwear, which relaunched last March in about 170 retail locations, held its penetration at last year's level at about 12% of retail store sales, while we are also seeing a positive response through our expanded men's and women's footwear assortment in outlet stores. We remain focused on building our market share within the fragmented nearly $25 billion global premium footwear category through both distribution, adding international and wholesale doors and by maximizing footwear productivity through mix, increasing AURs and overall penetration levels across our businesses. At the end of Q4, about 285 Coach International retail locations offered the updated women's fashion collection, and the response from customers has been excellent. We remain confident that Coach's increasing fashion credibility, the inbuilt through Stuart's collections, will provide a much stronger platform for our brand development of footwear and other lifestyle categories. Turning to men's, which represents 18% of the global category spend or about $7 billion today, and is expected to grow faster than women's at about a 10% rate over the next five years. As we've discussed, we're also continuing to drive our men's business globally, through new standalone and dual gender stores. In the fourth quarter, Coach's sales of men's bags and accessories continued to rise, taking the year to about $700 million globally. Looking ahead, we remain bullish about the prospects of our men's global business. However, given the announced brand transformation initiatives, including slower global distribution growth and the planned pullback in our North America e-outlet business this year, we are now targeting $1 billion in sales in FY '17, one year later than our original target. Turning now to our international segment, which represents about a-third of Coach's business. Sales rose 9% on a constant currency basis in the fourth quarter and 7% on a reported basis, primarily impacted by a weaker yen on a year-over-year basis. As mentioned, China sales rose about 20% from prior year, taking the full year to $545 million, fuelled by double-digit same-store sales and distribution growth. We are pleased by the continued development of this market, which bodes well for our global travel retail businesses, where Mainland Chinese tourists play an increasingly important role. Further, Coach is already recognized both as a dual gender and lifestyle brand, as men's products and women's lifestyle categories, taken together, represent roughly a-third of our sales. Our other Asia direct businesses outside of China and Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia and Singapore, also posted strong aggregate growth increasing at a double-digit rate for the quarter with comparable store sales gains. In Japan, we posted a 6% decrease in constant currency, due in large part to the impact of the April consumption tax increase. Dollar sales declined 10% reflecting the weaker yen. In Europe, where our brand is small, but growing rapidly, we generated significant sales growth at POS and double-digit comps in the quarter. We continue to believe that Europe represents a significant long-term opportunity for Coach, both with domestic shoppers and the international tourists, notably in key European cities, where the affordable luxury segment is outperforming traditional luxury. As mentioned, during our Analyst Day in June, we announced our long-term strategic plan and have taken significant steps to set the foundation for a return to strong growth by streamlining our businesses, continuing to optimize our store fleet in North America and committing to additional brand investments, as we begin to execute our comprehensive transformation plan. Importantly, our focus remains on the long-term growth initiatives we have previously shared. First and most broadly, growing our business in North America and worldwide by transforming into a lifestyle brand; second, leveraging the global opportunity by aggressively growing our international businesses; third, tapping into the large and growing men's accessory market and other lifestyle categories; and fourth, harnessing the growing power of the digital world. We have also discussed our wholistic strategy to position Coach, as a global modern luxury brand, further differentiating ourselves from the accessible luxury positioning that we defined. From a business perspective, this centers on our product, stores and marketing. As we look to FY '15, we're investing to achieve long-term sustainable growth and a return to best-in-class profitability during our planning horizon. We are particularly excited about the replatforming of our brand, with the launch of Stuart's first collection starting this fall. We will also be introducing our new modern luxury retail concept in several key locations during holiday. Our global brand message will reinforce our distinctive positioning of effortless New York style through the use of iconic brand elements and the city's dynamic landscape as backdrop. Taken together, these initiatives will pave the way for the celebration of our 75th Anniversary commencing in September of 2015. To this end, there are several key strategic priorities that we are now focused on and will implement across our distribution network throughout next year. First, in North America, where our priority is restoring productivity, we will close our underperforming stores and rebuild through flagships in our top 12 market. In addition, we will broaden our presentation in U.S. department stores, including moving to more open, accessible and fully-branded displays, changing our product offering, driving relevance and making Coach more shoppable. We will be further developing our outlet strategy to maximize our modern luxury merchandizing strategies, product flow and leverage our new store concept. And finally, we will evolve our North American promotional strategies to continue to reduce the volume of promotional messaging and sales to our e-outlet store events. Internationally, we remain focused on our largest growth opportunities and the implementation of our brand transformation, including in China, where we are fine tuning our strategy, given the shifting marketplace. In addition, other key Asian markets and Europe offer significant potential for the Coach brand. In line with our plan, over the next two or three years we will be making significant investments in building new flagship stores and renovating existing flagships to our new concept with a key focus on international cities. So looking at our FY '15 plan globally and starting with distribution. We expect that our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 2% in FY '15 compared to 7% in FY '14, a marked slowdown reflecting our North American fleet optimization. Our overarching focus will be on renovations and remodels to drive productivity. To this point, in North America, our directly-operated square footage will be down around 5%, given the 70 retail and 15 outlet closures. Offset by the number of expansions within the context of our transformation and a number of outlet store openings mentioned during our Analyst Day presentation. In retail, we expect to execute on the majority of store closures in the first half of the fiscal year. Store investment activities will be timed to follow the launch of our product, marketing and customer experience initiatives this fall, with our first new retail concepts debuting in November. In outlet, our store closures will take place throughout the fiscal year, with Stuart's product for outlet launching in the second half. Separately, reductions in our EOS event cadence began this quarter and will be phased in over the year. And in wholesale, we are moving to more open accessible displays and rolling out a shop manager program. We expect our footprint in department stores to increase modestly in FY '15. We plan to add about 40 locations and about 4% square footage, while converting about 250 to 300 locations from case line presentations to open sell. A move we delayed from FY '14 to align with the launch our new retail concept. Turning to China. As mentioned at our Analyst Day, market dynamics are changing, with the emergence of many new large scale shopping malls and there will be clear winners and losers among retail developments going forward. Given these shifting dynamics in the rapidly evolving macro and competitive environment, we are refining our growth strategies and investing in brand transformation to solidify our leadership position. Importantly, we will concentrate on fleet renewal in Shanghai and Beijing, impacting 80% of traffic by FY '16 and 100% by FY '17. We will also open regional flagship doors and reinforce Tier 1 and Tier 2 city distribution, while we continue to capitalize on Tier 3 and Tier 4 opportunities that are sufficiently developed. In terms of outlets, we will continue to be highly selective with our openings, focused on the best managed and brand appropriate developments. Through marketing, we will build awareness and desire, leveraging our new marketing campaign and promotional model to build the brand awareness and drive traffic. Therefore, looking to FY '15 and given these changing priorities, we are planning distribution somewhat more conservatively. We are planning to open about 20 stores and could have about 10 closures, resulting in around 10 net openings. And we would expect China sales of over $600 million, driven by both distribution and positive comps, given the deceleration in square footage with the higher proportion coming from expansions than in the past and a focus of new unit openings in exiting markets. While, we expect to open a few stores in our other direct Asia markets outside of China and Japan in FY '15, our portfolio approach is focused on maximizing productivity with only modest growth of our footprint. We have been realizing the benefits of Coach's direct management in these markets, and are pleased with the development of both our teams and our brand. Turing to Japan, our largest market outside of North America, we will leverage our brand transformation to positively impact brand perceptions, reengaging our core consumer, while appealing to the category engaged and millennial. Led by retail, our brand transformation plans, include renovation of key doors in Tokyo, representing over 70% of the traffic by the end of FY '16, including a new flagship store in Shinjuku, set to open in October, which will be our first modern luxury retail store in Japan. We will also renovate key locations in other important cities throughout the country, including our flagships stores in Ginza and Shibuya this spring. In FY '15, we expect the total number of locations to remain the same, with slight square footage growth from the new flagship and expansions of a few highly productive locations. Most generally, we would expect the continuation of current trends in Japan, given the ongoing drag from the consumption tax increase, which won't anniversary until next April. Moving to Europe, which is a large and fragmented market representing about 20% of the total global men's and women's premium bag and accessory category, and represents the largest white space for Coach. While our current business in Europe is very small with sales at retail of just over $60 million, we see a big opportunity for brands at our price point, which represent the fastest growing segment of the market. Our evolving design direction resonates with the European consumer. Our price positioning and quality offer compelling value, while our heritage linked to New York Fashion creates a differentiated positioning. We see brand transformation as an opportunity to provide shoppers in this region with the clearer and more relevant alternative to the traditional luxury brands. In FY '15, we expect to grow our business to over $100 million, adding about 15 directly-operated locations and more than 100 wholesale locations. Our goal is to achieve over a $0.5 billion in sales at retail, representing a mid -single digit share of the premium men's and women's bag and accessory market over our planning horizon. As you know, we also have significant growing distributor run businesses in other countries. Our primary areas of focus for what we call domestic-focused international wholesale are: first, other Asia-Pacific markets; second, Central and South America; and third, the Middle East. We also believe there is a significant opportunity for the Coach brand in global travel retail, which represents the majority of our international wholesale sales. Before handing the call over to Jane Nielsen, our CFO, I wanted to reinforce the key points from our Analyst Day about the future of Coach. First and foremost, we are an amazing brand and we compete in a growing and very attractive category. At the same time, understanding that we compete on a playing field that is changing dramatically, we as a management team have clear awareness of this evolving market context and the clarity on how to address our challenges and capture the great opportunity that is ahead of us. Importantly, we have the right leaders, the history of operational excellence and the resources to execute our plan. While this will be a journey, the opportunities on the other side are compelling for our brands, our team and our shareholders. And as I have stated, as we continue our journey, we are committed to helping you follow and measure our progress. Now, I'll ask Jane to provide some additional detail on our financials and outlook for the balance of the year. Jane?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Thanks, Victor. Victor has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our fourth quarter and fiscal year results, as well as our outlook for FY '15. Our quarterly revenues declined 7% with North America down 16% and international up 7%. As noted, on a constant currency basis revenues decreased 6% overall with international sales up 9%. For the fiscal year, sales decreased 5% totaling $4.81 billion with North America down 11% and international up 6%. On a constant currency basis total sales declined 3% for the year with international sales up 12%. Excluding transformation and other related charges, net income for the quarter totaled $164 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.59. This compared to net income of $254 million and earnings per share of $0.89 in the prior-year's fourth quarter, excluding restructuring and transformation related charges. For the quarter, operating income totaled $231 million versus $371 million last year on a non-GAAP basis, while operating margin was 20.4% versus 30.3%. During the quarter, gross profit totaled $789 million as compared to $892 million a year ago, while gross margin was 69.4% versus 73%. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales totaled 49% compared to 42.6% in the year-ago quarter, all on a non-GAAP basis. For the full year FY '14, operating income totaled $1.25 billion on a non-GAAP basis compared to $1.58 billion in the year-ago period. Also on a non-GAAP basis, operating margin was 26% versus 31.1% last year. Non-GAAP gross profit totaled $3.38 billion from $3.7 billion a year ago with gross margin rate of 70.3% versus 73% a year ago. SG&A expenses, as a percentage of net sales, totaled 44.3% compared to 41.9% in fiscal 2013. As I turn to GAAP metrics, let me recap key transformation and other related charges. For context, and as previously announced at our Analyst Day, and at subsequent filings, we expect to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $250 million to $300 million associated with our transformation plan. A portion of which, we reflected in our fiscal fourth quarter 2014 results and the remainder to be substantially incurred during FY '15. These charges are related to inventory and fleet-related cost, primarily in North America, including impairment, accelerated depreciation and severance associated with store closures. In total, we expect to capture $70 million in savings related to our transformation initiative in fiscal 2015, and approximately $150 million in ongoing annual savings beginning in fiscal 2016. During the fourth quarter of FY '14, we recorded charges of approximately $130 million for transformation and other related actions. These charges consisted primarily of the realignment of inventory, impairment charges and a portion of the cost related to store closures. In aggregate, these actions increased our cost by $82 million and SG&A expenses by $49 million in the period, negatively impacting net income by $88 million after-tax or $0.31 per diluted share. In July, following our fiscal yearend, we announced the elimination of over 150 jobs related to our organizational effectiveness initiatives, representing a 6% decrease in global corporate staffing levels. This plan will drive efficiencies across our business by streamlining our organization and leveraging our global capability, resulting in savings that will in part fund key investments related to our transformation. In the fourth quarter of FY '13, the company recorded charges of $53 million for restructuring and transformation. In aggregate, these actions increase the company's SG&A expenses by $48 million and cost of sales by $5 million in the period, negatively impacting net income by $33 million after-tax or $0.11 per diluted share. Therefore, including these charges reported net income for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 totaled $75 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.27, bringing total year net income to $781 million and earnings per share of $2.79. This compares to FY '13 fourth quarter net income of $221 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.78, bringing the total year FY '13 net income to $1.03 billion and earnings per share of $3.61 on a GAAP basis. Moving to the balance sheet. Inventory levels including our inventory realignment actions last quarter end were $526 million, about even with FY '13 yearend. Cash and short-term investments stood at $869 million as compared to $1.1 billion a year ago, substantially held outside the U.S. As noted earlier this year, we continue to deploy international cash into high-quality investments with higher yields and durations over a year, and in turn, there is a shift between cash and short-term investments into other non-current assets. As expected, we ended the fourth quarter with $140 million outstanding on our credit facility in order to cover our working capital needs in light of investments in our business and new corporate headquarters. During fiscal 2014, we repurchased and retired over 10 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $51.27, spending about $525 million. At the end of the year, approximately $835 million remained under the company's current repurchase authorization. As noted in our press release, the Board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.3375 per common share payable in late September, maintaining our annual rate of $1.35. We remained strongly committed to our dividend. And as our transformation takes hold, we expect to resume increasing our dividend at least in line with net income growth. Net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter was $360 million compared to $375 million last year during Q4. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was an inflow of $254 million versus $293 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $62 million versus $81 million in the same quarter a year ago. For the full fiscal year 2014, net cash from operating activities was $985 million compared to $1.4 billion a year ago. Free cash flow in fiscal year '14 was an inflow of $766 million versus $1.2 billion in fiscal year '13. CapEx spending totaled $220 million for the year compared to $241 million in the prior year. The decline from previous guidance of about $250 million to $260 million related to a further shift in the timing of retail store and wholesale remodel and conversions into FY '15. We expect CapEx for FY '15 to be in the area of $350 million, excluding the cost associated with the new headquarters, which are now expected to be approximately a $100 million in FY '15 given construction timing estimates. Turning now to our financial outlook for FY '15, as our annual plans have not changed from those shared during our June Analyst Day meeting, I'll be brief. First on sales. We expect to deliver a low-double digit decline both in constant currency and on a reported basis in fiscal 2015, largely due to our reduced promotion and store closure activity. We are projecting a high-teens comp decline in North America store with our e-outlet pressuring the aggregate North America comp by an additional 10 points. This equates to a mid-to-high 20% decline in aggregate comps. Gross margin is projected to be 69% to 70% for the year with higher sourcing cost largely offset by favorable channel mix and lower promotional activity. SG&A expenses are expected to grow at a low-to-mid single-digit rate reflective of our increased marketing spend and transformation initiatives. When modeling the year, bear in mind that our second and third quarter compare will show the most significant increases given the prior-year dollar decline and the timing of our marketing spend in FY '15. Taken together, we would expect operating margin to be in the high-teens. And finally, our tax rate is expected to be in the area of 32% for the year, as we do not expect to anniversary some of the one-time tax benefits we generated in the second half of FY '14. As we aggressively invest in our business, it's important to keep in mind that we are embarking on this journey from the position of financial strength. We plan to fund investment activities from current cash flows, while maintaining our dividend. We have a strong and flexible balance sheet, with about a $1 billion in cash and investments and low leverage. We can continue to access the capital market at attractive rate as needed to fund our headquarter investment. Over the next few years, our first priority is to invest in our business, as we have a compelling opportunity to drive sustainable growth and value-creation. And we're putting our capital against this opportunity. Our second priority, strategic acquisitions is also about growth. While, we have nothing planned eminently, we want to have the flexibility to act, if and when it's in the best interest of Coach and our shareholder. And third, capital returns. As I've stated before, as our transformation takes hold, we expect to resume growing our dividend at least in line with net income growth. Underpinning all three of these priorities are our guardrails for allocating capital effectively, maintaining strategic flexibility, strong liquidity and access to the capital markets. In closing, our transformation required substantial investment and focused execution. We have a clear strategy and a well-articulated implementation plan for FY '15. We expect to realize a positive impact on the annual financials beginning in FY '16 with FY '17 being the year when we return to growth in line with the category. We have the resources to fund our plan, while maintaining our dividend during our heavy investment period. Ultimately, our objective is to restore Coach to a place of best-in-class profitability and sustainable growth. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question today is from Bob Durbil with Nomura Securities.
Bob Durbil - Nomura Securities: I had two questions, quick questions, related questions on the dividend and the repurchase plans. There has been just a lot of discussion about the sustainability of the dividend at the current levels, given your low level of U.S. cash, your domestic cash flow generation, and the expenditure on your New York headquarters. Can you just reaffirm whether or not you see the dividend being at risk, and sort of what could lead to a change in dividend policy? And the second question that I have is just more housekeeping, but it does sound like the share repurchase program is on hiatus for now, like what share count should we be modeling in the FY '15 numbers?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: Sure. Thanks Bob. We have taken a careful look at, as we laid out in Analyst Day, at our cash flows and our investments needs across our business. And our cash flows and strong balance sheet really allow us to fund our transformation investment and maintain our dividends at our current level. So the $1.35, the annual dividend that we talked about today with our dividend announcement was an attractive yield now at 4%. As we have indicated, we'll fund our headquarter building, a long-term asset with long-term debt. And at the current attractive interest rates we expect that that's a strong capital plan. We have spent about $210 million on our headquarters and have another $540 million to fund over the next few years. And we factored that into our planning. So we feel strongly about our ability to continue to support our dividend. We're committed to our dividend. And as we said, as our transformation takes hold, we'd expect to grow our dividend with our net income growth, and that's our long-term outlook. As you think about next year, Bob, we closed the year with 277 million shares outstanding. And I would expect with options that modeling about 278 million shares will put in a great stead for FY '15.
Operator: The next question is from Oliver Chen with Citigroup.
Oliver Chen - Citigroup: Regarding the road to becoming a modern luxury company, the evolution there, your comments on the outlet opportunity in the second half, could you just share with us some details on how you see the product portfolio evolving there? And what are the biggest opportunities? And also just as a follow-up, as you engage in the opportunity for lower promotional pressure, what's the timing on that happening?
Francine Della Badia: Oliver, its Fran. I'll take this question. Stuart's product that he's been working on in designing is set to really launch during the second half in outlet. And as we have talked about, what you'll see very consistently is us lessening our dependence on logo product, putting more emphasis on leather and really incorporating all of the design codes from our brand DNA that will be reflected in more updated and relevant product for the outlet channel. At the same time, that newness will allow us to create more value for customers and put that product into the market at slightly higher average unit retails than where we are today. The biggest opportunity in terms of lessening promotional strategy is really EOS. That's the most significant strategic initiative that we have. And we know, we've been putting out a lot of promotional impressions in the marketplace by pulling that back. We'll really reduce the amount of promotional impression that are out in the market.
Oliver Chen - Citigroup: And Jane, on the comp guidance for FY '15, is average unit retail, how do you see average unit retail evolving? Is it higher due to the lower use of EOS?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: The biggest impact in terms of AUR that we're modeling, we are going to see some movement as you've seen in our above $400 handbag, we'll see some movement in price point. And then lower promotional activity, both in-store and EOS will be a factor in terms of lower discount rates in terms of realizing a higher AUR.
Oliver Chen - Citigroup: The product in Paris in the department stores looks great, so best of luck.
Operator: The next question is from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA: Can you talk about the sales in China versus the United States, strength by classification, men's versus women's, regular price versus outlet? And is there a significant difference between what's working in Hong Kong versus Greater China?
Victor Luis: In terms of what's working between Hong Kong and Greater China is vastly driven by the very large percentage of Mainland Chinese stores, so I would say there was a dramatic difference. The local Hong Kong consumer market is quite small. And of course, we do have one or two locations, which do specifically cater to that consumer where we do tweak the assortment. The consumer there tends to be a little bit more, I would say, fashion-engaged with current trend. And certainly, the team on the ground there is catering to them through assortment, not only, of course in our women's, but also in our men's collections as well. As I touched on in my prepared notes, Barbara, in terms of the categories in China, both, and I would call it Greater China, Mainland, Hong Kong and Macau, which we refer to as Greater China at Coach, the penetration of men's and lifestyle categories together is at about a-third, which compares to approximately 20% here in the U.S. That is driven not only by men's itself, but also with by very good penetrations, which are increasing in our outerwear businesses as well as in our very nascent, but developing footwear business as well. And we started with those strategies very early on. We're still a very small, and I would say, developing brand in China in many ways. From an awareness perspective, our netted awareness in China is only 18%, which compares with, say 58% in Japan, 76% in the U.S. So the opportunity for us is truly boundless in that market.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Tunick with JPMC.
Brian Tunick - JPMC: I guess two questions. Was wondering from a marketing and product perspective, could you just maybe remind us sort of, it doesn't sound like this quarter obviously is going to be a big inflection, but you talked about the second quarter, third quarter. Can you talk about sort of when we're going to see or the customer is going to see a bulk of the marketing Stuart's product hitting the stores? Just maybe walk us through that thought process? And then, secondarily, on the 70 retail store closings, can you maybe remind us sort of, what's the productivity of those stores that are closing versus the chain average? Are you assuming transfer? Just give us some idea of how you think the 70 retail closings are going to play out?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: So we start with the retail closures.
Victor Luis: Yes, Fran will start with the retail closures.
Francine Della Badia: Sure. Brian, as we said on the Analyst Day, we got to the number of 70 store closures, because they're the least productive stores in the fleet. So their impact on the overall topline from a profitability perspective will be very minimal. We expect to see a little bit of transfer to other stores, but it will have a small impact on comp improvement.
Victor Luis: In terms of the rollouts of our transformation initiatives across products, marketing, as well as our store renovations, Brian, it really does start in the second quarter. Product will commence hitting in early September on certain locations, and be across the world by mid-September. Marketing will also hit at approximately the same time. And then store renovation start later in the second quarter, with first locations opening here in North America as well or in Shinjuku, Japan that I mentioned earlier in the October-November time period. I would suspect that right now our planning is showing approximately 15 to 16 locations, should there not be any shift in the new concept by holiday. And then across the world, we will have in FY '15 16 new open doors in the new concept and approximately 150 doors that will be moved into the new concept, if you will, renovate it in the new concept by the end of FY '15.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: I'm just going to add one thing, Brian, there. If you remember, we actually had SG&A dollar decline in both our second quarter of FY '14 and our third quarter of FY '14. And so when we referenced that those were going to be higher SG&A dollar growth quarters, we were looking at that versus the FY '14 decline, so they'll look higher in the SG&A dollar growth in Q2 and Q3 of FY '15.
Operator: The next question is from Ike Boruchow with Sterne, Agee.
Ike Boruchow - Sterne, Agee: Victor, you've talked about the strategy to move away from the online factory sales this year. I was just wondering if you could give us a little more color as to help us kind of understand the impact. Maybe could you tell us what percent of U.S. sales accounted for EOS last year and where you're trying to lower that penetration too? And then also, when does that initiative really accelerate? Because you said it was a 3 point hit this quarter, but you're expecting a 10 point negative hit for next year. So just kind of curious when we build out our quarterly models, when would the impact start to become greater?
Victor Luis: As mentioned, decrease in the cadence of events is really being phased in throughout the year. And it has started this quarter, where we're right now at approximately four events per week. That then decreases further in the second quarter. And by the second half of the year, we will be at approximately one event per month. EOS or e-outlet business was over 15% of North American sales at about $0.5 billion.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: And if you're thinking about comps, we expect that our in-store comps will improve moderately, as we move through the year, but the impact of EOS will be greater as we move through the year. So the aggregate comps will be relatively stable over the course of the year.
Victor Luis: The number I gave you, the $0.50 billion, is representative of total e-commerce sales including EOS.
Operator: The next question is from Ed Yruma with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Ed Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I was wondering if you could delineate more specifically the inventory component of the impairment and then more specifically I guess how do you think about when you impair inventory versus just flowing it through the P&L as a normal markdown.
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: So, Ed, the way we look at inventory was consistent with our transformation. We look at all of our product inventory and looked at certain products that we thought were not consistent with the brand image that we were trying to move into, as we moved into Stuart's design aesthetic and looked at whole product, whole SKU lines that we eliminated from inventory and took those as a write-off rather than flowing them through the outlet channel and moving them into the market. So we really looked at where we're headed, where is the inventory not consistent with that direction, and we took the opportunity to write-off that inventory into the fourth quarter. We will destroy that inventory consistent with the write-off charge. And just as a reminder, the inventory charge were shadowed both at Analyst Day and previewed in our 8-K filings prior to today.
Operator: The next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you give us an update on the first-ever sale that you had in the full line stores in June. How did that do? What were the learnings? How would it be different when you look to the January sale? And any update on the outlook performance versus the prior quarter?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: The semiannual sale met our expectations. So as you know, our strategy is to be more surgical and strategic, with how we're promoting in our retail stores, and in the past we've done special preferred customer events. We really curtailed those events in the fourth quarter to set us up for the semiannual sale. So it's a different strategy that really aligns us with kind of the fasten industry and other luxury brands. So it met our expectations in terms of performance and the goal of this semiannual sale really is to liquidate at end of season; fashion, colors, things that were very specific to the season. We're not looking at it as an overall liquidation strategy. And one of the most important things that we learned this season in our first-ever, is that it really bought new customers into the store. So we did have a high percentage of our sales that came from new customers into the brand, and we did market to it in our windows, in-stores and in print advertising. So we are very pleased with the results.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: And then on the outlooks, any update there?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: More specifically, Dana, in terms of?
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: How are promotions tracking versus how they had been in the prior quarter? How you're thinking of pricing in outlets versus the past?
Jane Hamilton Nielsen: So we continue to promote heavily in clearance in outlet during this past quarter, which has been consistent with the quarters before. That put a little bit of pressure on our margins. So we were promotional during the quarter. What we've been doing now is really tapering off that heavy level of promoting. And as we talked about also, obviously, taking into consideration our online business, the U.S. business pulling that back. What we're doing is emphasizing units in outlet, positioning ourselves at higher average unit retail prices, going out with new product launches, and we're finding that strategy to be very, very successful. So it is allowing us to lessen our dependence on clearance. We also have a number of pilots and testing in the market right now with different construct to again reduce the level of promotional activity, while maintaining good levels of conversion.
Operator: Our final question today is from John Morris with BMO Capital Markets.
John Morris - BMO Capital Markets: Following up on I guess the outlets a little bit. I think back on the Analyst Day you talked about experimenting or maybe kind of piloting a program, where you might close a couple of outlets, and then see what happens in full price stores in similar proximity. Can you give us just to remind us the numbers that you're looking at, if there is any change there or was it just a couple, when the timing of that might be? And any changes to your thoughts on that? And then just a quick comment about the launch of the men's footwear line, when that might be happening and is that across all stores?
Francine Della Badia: We are still planning on closing two outlets consistent with what we've said on Analyst Day. Those two outlet stores will be closing in the second half. And we really picked the two that we chose they are part of the 12 MSAs, our metropolitan statistical areas that we're focusing on in terms of our transformation strategy. And there are retail and outlet stores within a 30-mile radius. So these closures will allow us to measure the channel shift, and in these stores there is also a competitive presence. And what we're going to be able to measure is, will the consumer shift to another Coach channel, can we influence her or guide her to shift though targeted and strategic communication strategy. So that will happen in the second half, and we're still on target for that. In terms of men's footwear, we're launching men's footwear in the fall. And it will be a small launch, but we plan to bring footwear to our men's locations and in retail, specifically, in about 50 locations for the fall half.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A. I'll now turn it back to Victor, for some concluding remarks.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Andrea. And let me start by thanking all of you, who did attend our Analyst Day and as well, of course, for being with us today. I would just like to close by expressing my confidence in our plan, our brand, and most importantly in our people. As a company, this team has an amazing track record of transformation, business success and driving shareholder value. And our management team has clearly understood and embraced the need for change, the need to innovate and to evolve in what is a rapidly changing market. Our plan is bold and I certainly could not be proud of the steps we have already taken in bringing Coach the creative talent, to innovate, and to bring excitement and resonance to our brand, across all of the consumer touch points that we have been sharing with you. As we look to FY '15, it's a year of change and we all look forward to keeping you informed of our progress. Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks everyone.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the Coach earnings conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-04-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the call over to Global Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Coach’s CEO, and Jane Nielsen, Coach’s CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future performance. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our third fiscal quarter 2014 results and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives. Jane Nielsen will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter. Following that, we will hold a question and answer session where we will be joined by Francine Della Badia, our President, North America Retail. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Victor will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I’d like to turn it Victor Luis, Coach’s Chief Executive Officer.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thanks, Andrea, and welcome everyone. As noted in press release, during the third quarter, total sales declined as weakness in our North American women's bag and accessories business continued to offset strong growth in men's, footwear and robust sales in international market. Our business in North America remained challenging in the period exacerbated by the weather and shift of the Easter holiday. We experienced lower than expected traffic levels in our stores while our Internet results were impacted by our strategic decision to eliminate third party events as well as limit the access and invitations to our factory flash site. At the same time, results in China and Europe remained very strong. Importantly, we continued to advance our transformation initiatives and building the foundation to launch Stuart Vevers' first collection in September. Before getting into the financial details of the period, I want to start with key milestones in our transformation journey as I did last quarter. We will continue to provide you with these progress reports understanding that it will sometime before these changes manifest in our financial results. As you know, we're focused on the three primary aspects of the brand experience: products, stores and marketing. Starting with products. We continue to see strength in men's and footwear, two categories which have undergone significant evolution in previous years and quarters. In fact, men's represented 15% of our global sales in the third quarter and continued to positively contribute to our comps while we expanded our footwear distribution notably in international markets. The most significant achievement in the quarter was our first ever New York Fashion Week presentation in February. During the event, we unveiled Stuart's inaugural collection which will be in stores in September. The collection got a significant attention and the global press was uniformly positive bringing Coach into the fashion conversation. Moving on to stores. We have just announced a partnership with Studio Sofield. William Sofield's creative inspiration will enhance and elevate our retail stores building on the strong foundation we have created it in our lower Fifth Avenue in South Coast Plaza flagships. We will leverage our learnings from these two stores around customer service, multi-category merchandising, residential feel and the in-store discovery experience incorporating them into our next generation retail concept. And finally, on marketing where we are working on bringing to light Stuart's vision of the Coach woman and man for the season in a multilayered integrated marketing campaign. As our journey progresses, we have confidence in our vision of becoming a global lifestyle brand defining our view of modern luxury making it inspirational and approachable. And we are confident in our ability to execute against this vision. Turing to the results of last quarter, some key financials were, first, net sales on a reported basis totaled $1.1 billion versus $1.19 billion a year ago, a decrease of 7%. On a constant currency basis sales declined 5% for the quarter. Second, earnings per share totaled $0.68 as compared to $0.84 in the prior year's third quarter. Third, international sales increased 14% to $441 million from $385 million last year. On a constant currency basis international sales rose 20%. Sales in China remained very strong increasing over 25% with a continuation of double-digit costs, while sales in our directly operated locations in Asia and Europe rose significant as well. And fourth, North American sales fell 18% to $648 million from $792 million last year on a 21% comparable store sales decrease. During the quarter, looking at distribution, the company closed 13 North American full price retail locations. At the end of the period, there were 338 full price retail and 205 outlet stores in about 155 outlet malls in North America. Moving on to China, during the quarter, we opened 5 net new locations all on the Mainland bringing the total number to 147 locations including 128 on the Mainland in 52 cities. In Japan, we opened three net new locations during the quarter. There are 199 directly operated locations which include 151 full price and 48 factory locations in about 30 outlet malls. Also in Asia, during the third quarter, we closed one location in Taiwan and opened one and closed two locations in South Korea bringing the total to 96 directly operated locations in the balance of Asia including 48 in South Korea, 27 in Taiwan, 12 in Malaysia and 9 in Singapore. In Coach Europe, we opened two directly operated doors during the period. As of the end of the quarter, over 26 directly operated locations in Europe across the UK, France, Ireland, Spain, Portugal and Germany. We also opened several wholesale doors in the United Kingdom, Spain, Italy and Switzerland. Moving on to sales by channel and geography and starting with our domestic businesses, our total revenues in North America declined 18% for the quarter with our directly operated businesses also down 18%. As noted, total Q3 same store sales declined 21%. While our overall performance in women's handbag and accessories remain disappointing, our men's and footwear categories continues to perform well. In department stores, our sales trends at POS were slightly below the prior year while shipments into department stores declined as planned. For perspective, we estimate that the rate of growth of the North American premium women's handbag and accessories market decelerated slightly reflecting the overall retail slowdown from weather and the Easter shift, but still rose at a high single digit rate in the March quarter. Similar to what we've done over the last two quarters I want to provide some underlying texture to the comp performance, both in those areas where we have seen progress and those where we see the opportunities to improve our positioning in North America. As was the case industry-wide, in-store traffic continue to decline with the ShopperTrack retail traffic index which includes also lifestyle and outlets malls down 16% for the quarter, impacted by weather as well as the Easter shift to April. The NRTI focused on indoor malls having less of weather impact was down far less, negative 2%, but also continued weak. In aggregate, conversion and transaction side were neutral to our store business while traffic drove the comp declines. While in previous quarters and years, we were able to offset slowing in-store traffic on the Internet, as expected, our online business did not contribute positively to our overall North America comp in the third quarter. Specifically, our year-over-year comparison continued to be impacted by our strategic decisions to both eliminate third-party flash events this fiscal year and limit the access and invitations to our factory flash site. Excluding these factors, our Internet comp would have contributed to our aggregate performance. There are some sustained themes in our North American women's business. Leather continues to well outpace logo across all channels and we are designing into this trend. It’s a long-term shift that favors Coach given our heritage in leather goods and our global sourcing network of tanneries. Small bags also continue to trend well. We also saw relative strength in our elevated product in our retail stores. More generally, the above $400 price bucket grew in penetration and represented 21% of handbag sales with the strongest performance at the upper end of our range, $600 and higher. Outside of handbags, we continue to see strengths in our lifestyle categories in Q3. Footwear, which relaunched last March in about 174 price retail locations, rose in penetration from about 6% to about 8% at higher AURs reflective of the broader passionate assortment in these stores. We are also seeing a positive response to our expanded men's and footwear assortment in factory stores. We remain focused on building our market share within the fragmented nearly $25 billion global premium footwear category through both distribution, adding international and wholesale doors and by maximizing footwear productivity through mix, increasing AURs and overall penetration level across all of our businesses. At the end of Q3, nearly 180 Coach International retail locations offered the updated women's fashion collection and the response from customers has been excellent. Turning to men's. As we discussed, we're also continuing to drive our men's business globally through standalone and dual gender stores and by dedicating more space for broader men's assortment in existing retail stores. In the third quarter, Coach's sales of men's bags and accessories continued to grow at double-digit rate globally. Looking ahead, we remain bullish about the prospects for our global men's business where we're continuing to target about $700 million in sales in FY'14, up about 20% from last year. Turning now to our International segment, which represents about a third of Coach's business, sales rose 20% on a constant currency basis in the third quarter and 14% on a reported basis due to the weak yen. As mentioned, China sales rose over 25% from prior year fuelled by double-digit same-store sales and distribution growth. We are very pleased by the continued development of this market which bodes well for our global travel retail business where the Mainland Chinese tourist plays an increasingly important role. Further, Coach is also recognized as both a dual gender and lifestyle brand as men's products and women's lifestyle products taken together represent roughly a third of sales. Our other Asia direct businesses outside of China and Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia and Singapore, also posted strong aggregate growth increasing at a double-digit rate for the quarter with comparable store sales gains. As a reminder, we anniversaried the purchase of our retail operations in Malaysia and Korea during the first quarter of this fiscal year, so our business is apples to apples no longer benefiting from a wholesale to retail step up. In Japan, we posted 10% increase in constant currency due in large part to a pull forward in demand related to the April consumption tax increase while dollar sales declined 2% reflecting the weaker yen. Therefore, we would expect a reversal in Q4 of approximately equal size bringing the annual sales back in line with first half trends. In Europe, where our brand is small but growing rapidly, we generated significant sales growth at POS and strong comps in the quarter. We continue to believe that Europe represents a significant long-term opportunity for Coach both with domestic shoppers and the international tourists notably in key European cities where the affordable luxury segment is outperforming traditional luxury. Moving on to distribution, as our annual plans haven't changed materially from what we have shared in the past I'll be brief. We now believe our square footage globally will increase around 7% in FY'14 slightly below our original guidance of 9% primarily due to North American wholesale where we purposefully deferred some openings and case line to open-sell conversion to align with the next generation retail store design in FY'15. In North America, our directly operated square footage will be up about 7% driven by about 15 new store openings focused on factory, about 20 expansions within the context of our transformation and 15 to 20 previously announced full price closures. In China, as we've discussed, we are on schedule to open about 30 net new dual gender locations increasing our square footage by about 25% and, as noted in our press release, our business is now on course to deliver sales of over $540 million. While we expect to open a few stores in our other direct Asia market, our primary focus remains on productivity. We have been realizing the benefits of Coach's direct management in these markets and are pleased with the development of both our teams and our brand. In Japan, we expect that net square footage growth will increase slightly with the opening of about 5 to 10 new locations most of them dedicated men doors. And in Europe, including the UK for FY'14, we still expect to open about 10 retail locations focused on key European cities and a growing number of wholesale locations. As you know, we also have a significant and growing distributor run businesses in other markets. Our primary areas of focus are, first, other Asia-Pacific markets, second, Central and South America and, third, the Middle East. Before handing the call over to Jane Nielsen, our CFO, I wanted to reinforce that we are excited about our vision for the brand and the long-term benefits of the initiatives currently underway, but we also recognize this is a multi-year journey. We understand that it will take time as in the case of our first reinvention for our re-platforming to drive improved performance. As such, we expect sales in FY'15 to moderate further as we positioned the brand for healthy sustainable growth. In addition to reduced sales, increased investments on transformation initiatives including stores and marketing will impact EPS. I wanted to take this opportunity to provide this initial guidepost, but I look forward to providing additional context and, more importantly, our plans to drive brand vibrancy and long-term value creation during our analyst day on June 4. Now I'll let Jane to provide some additional further detail on our financials and outlook for the balance of the year. Jane?
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Victor. Victor has just taken you through the highlights and strategies; let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our third quarter results. Our revenues decreased 7% with North America declining 18% and international increasing 14% in dollar. As noted, on a constant currency basis revenues were down 5% overall, while international sales rose 20%. Net income for the quarter totaled $191 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.68. This compared to net income of $239 million and earnings per share of $0.84 in the prior year's quarter. Our operating income totaled $263 million as compared to $348 million reported last year, while operating margin was 23.9% versus 29.3%. During the quarter, gross profit totaled $781 million versus $880 million a year ago. As expected, gross margin was 71.1% versus 74.1% for the prior year. Our expense ratio in Q3 totaled 47.2% compared to 44.8% reported in the year-ago quarter. Our SG&A dollars actually declined slightly on a year-over-year basis as we manage variable cost to the lower sales level, adjusted our outlook for lower performance based compensation level and benefited from the weaker yen. We also realized the benefit of our 4Q '13 restructuring actions and sale of RK, which funded higher spending on Coach brand marketing and helped to offset the impact of taking Coach Europe in-house. Inventory levels at the end of quarter were $584 million, 13% above the $516 million reported at the end of last year's Q3. As mentioned on our last call, we plan for inventory levels to be up over the balance of fiscal year based on several key factors including distribution growth, the acquisition of Coach Europe, higher average unit cost and our expansion into lifestyle category. Clearly, sales below our expectations also contributed. We are carefully managing our open-to-buy to allow for the appropriate investments in Stuart fall collection. Cash and short-term investments stood at $775 million, as compared with $928 million a year ago with a substantial portion held outside the U.S. On the balance sheet, as noted earlier this year, we continue to deploy international cash into high quality investments with higher yields and duration over a year and, in turn, there is a shift between and cash and short-term investments into other non-current assets. As expected, we ended the third quarter with $210 million outstanding on our credit facility in order to cover our working capital needs in light of our investments in our business and our new corporate headquarters. During the third quarter, we repurchased and retired out 3.6 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $47.99, spending a total of $175 million. Year-to-date, we repurchased 525 million of common stock. At the end of the period about $835 million remained under the company's current repurchase authorization. As noted in our press release, the board declared a quarterly dividend of $0.3375 per common share payable at the end of June, maintaining our annual rate of $1.35. It is important to mention that we've modified the timing of our annual dividend rate assessment to align with the company's fiscal year end and the review of our annual operating plan. Net cash from operating activities in the third quarter was $105 million, compared to $209 million last year during Q3. Free cash flow in the third quarter was an inflow of $54 million versus an inflow of $167 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $51 million versus $43 million in the same quarter a year ago. We now expect that CapEx this year will be in the area of $250 million to $260 million, primarily due to new store openings and expansion across all geographies and investments in the technology and infrastructure necessary to enable our global expansion and transformation. The decline from previous guidance of about $280 million relates to a shift in the timing of retail store and wholesale remodel and conversions into FY'15. While many of the metrics we've guided to remain intact, including our expectations for gross margin rate and SG&A investment spend, based on our third quarter results, we've modified our outlook as follows. First on sales, we now expect to deliver a mid-single-digit decline in constant currency and a high-single-digit decrease in dollars for the full year. This includes a fourth quarter sale decline of about 10% with our North America comps in the range of our Q3 run rate. Gross margin is still projected at about 70% for the year, which includes a fourth quarter margin of about 69%, reflecting our usual seasonality between the third and fourth quarters. We now expect total SG&A dollars for the year to be roughly even with prior year, with an increased investments generally funded by the restructuring actions taken in last year's Q4, but with some deleverage on the lower sales forecast. This guidance reflects a mid-single-digit increase in SG&A dollar in Q4, reflective of marketing spend and some timing of financial adjustments compared to prior year. Taken together, and based on the lower than expected sales, we would now expect operating margins to be in the area of 25% to 26% for the year. And finally, our tax rate is expected to be around 30% for the year benefiting from certain discrete items as well as favorable geographic mix. Regarding our balance sheet cash flow and capital allocation, we continue to have a strong balance sheet and operating free cash flow. As we've noted in the past, our first priority for cash is to reinvest in our business. And of course, we remain committed to our dividend. However, given our current outlook for the business, domestic cash flow requirements, including funding our transformation initiatives to drive a long-term growth, we do not anticipate further share repurchases during the remainder of FY'14. As Victor mentioned, we look forward to sharing more of our plan to drive productivity, restore growth and create long-term shareholder value at our analyst day in June. I'd now like to open it up the Q&A. We are ready to take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). The first question for day is from Bob Durbil with Nomura.
Bob Durbil: Victor, on the comments as you look to FY'15, I was wondering if you could just give us some insight when you think we will start to see the benefits of the transformation play out?
Victor Luis: Good morning, Bob, thank you for your question. We obviously have been very consistent in saying that we're on a multi-year journey. We're really excited about the vision that we have. In fact, we just think yesterday reviewing our spring product and I could not be prouder of the work that Stuart and the team are doing. We also showed the team the new Studio Sofield design that will be the basis of our retail rollouts moving forward from the fall. We also understand, however, that our vision while clear is not yet known to all of you and we're really excited about sharing it with you and taking you on this journey with us, which we plan to do June 4 when we show you exactly what we were doing a lot on our product, work around our stores and, of course, the marketing plans that we will have around brand transformation.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Oliver Chen with Citigroup.
Oliver Chen: Hey guys, thank you. Regarding what you're seeing right now in the outlet channel, could you brief us on the promotional environment there? And also, as you undergo the transformation, could you just let us know regarding full price versus outlet in terms of what we should think about as product and marketing gets refined further? Thank you.
Francine Della Badia: Hi, Oliver, it's Fran. As noted, we were more promotional during the quarter specifically in North America factory and specifically on (inaudible). So part of the cost decline was due to deceleration of the traffic in the factory channel, but we did push the business a little bit harder there. So that was our positioning in factory for the quarter. In terms of going forward, we were also less promotional on the (inaudible). So we did limit access to the site as Victor discussed in his prepared remarks.
Victor Luis: Oliver, in terms of your second question in regards to brand transformation, we're of course are looking at all channel as part of our transformation not just full priced factory but also of course our wholesale channel where we made some comments in terms of the work that we need to do and replatforming that business as well. Saying that we understand that our full price business must lead and all of our attention to-date or the vast majority of our attention to-date has been on full price product stores and marketing. We expect that Stuart's focus on the factory channel will lead to rollout a product in that channel from spring summer with some initial products coming in December in a small way.
Oliver Chen: Okay, thank you. And just as a quick follow up as we look to this transformation taking place which lever are you most encouraged about going forward on a long-term basis which would be kind of the leading inflection point in terms of which comp lever would we monitor?
Victor Luis: Sure. We know, Oliver, that traffic is a lagging indicator. We would expect conversion to be the first sign of transformation taking hold and, of course, moving forward as well potentially from slight increases in AUR as we continue to shift our assortment.
Oliver Chen: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Ike Boruchow with Sterne Agee.
Ike Boruchow: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, Victor, to your line as what changes we should be expecting to see (inaudible) to the stores in September with the new fall collection, meaning, how many stores of the days will be showcasing the newest store then? How will the department stores handle the launch and how should that rollout progress as we move in individually and then (inaudible)? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Thank you. We will see of course the major shift in our full price channel with 80% to 85% of the skews transforming to Stuart new collection globally, that is, across all of our full price locations. In addition, we will start with the new Sofield and that means wholesale as well of course. In addition, we will start seeing the new Sofield concept rolled out in key flagship stores in North America in the fall. We will start with Rodeo Drive, AOL-TimeWarner and as well one international flagship with Shinjuku in Tokyo also being replatformed. And then from holiday, as I mentioned earlier to Oliver's question, we begin to see the flow in of a few skews in our factory channel which have been inspired by the new collections that we have in full price with a much broader roll out coming in spring summer as our attention turns to that channel as well.
Ike Boruchow: Okay, great, and then just a quick follow up question of that be the Easter impact to your quarter that you guys has reported, just curious if you guys could quantify that maybe I missed it?
Jane Nielsen: About 100 basis points.
Ike Boruchow: Okay. Thanks, good luck.
Jane Nielsen: And then just we have also called out weather, it was about 200 basis points.
Ike Boruchow: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Brian Tunick with JPMC.
Brian Tunick: Thanks, good morning. Wanted to talk a little about the real estate and your conversation about remodels and conversions pushing into 2015, should we, A, expect CapEx then to shift into 2015? Does that impact how you thinking about the buyback program which I think it was $1.4 billion over a two-year plan? And then on the store closing side, how many leases come up on the full price side over the next couple of years, and would you consider accelerating the store closing program if comps don't meet your plans? And then the second question is on your guidance, Victor, for next year as we try to get ahead of it. What do you mean by sales expected to moderate further? And any more color on the earnings line as well would be helpful. Thanks very much.
Jane Nielsen: Brian, why don't I take the first part of your multi-part part question and then I will turn it over to Victor. So in terms of what we called out in terms of CapEx, we do expect that the remodels and wholesale renovations will roll in to FY'15. We are looking across, as a part of our business transformation, all of the needs required for brand transformation and that will certainly be a part of that we move forward in to CapEx. As it relates to our share buyback, what we have guided to was about 700 million of share buybacks. We have completed 525 million, as I mentioned. And it's really based on our current cash flow forecast, our domestic cash requirements to really invest in our business, and that's our primary focus, and we will continue to keep you to update you on that as we move forward. As we have called out in this quarter, we are very committed to our dividend as our primary means of returning capital to shareholders. And then as you step backed and asked about our store leases. As a part of our transformation and I think as Fran mentioned on the last call, we are looking critical across our entire fleet and across our entire asset base and aligning that for long-term brand growth and aligning it with our transformation.
Victor Luis: Brian, in reference to your question on FY'15, we really don't have much more texture to provide at this moment. Really looking forward to sitting with all of you on June 4, sharing with you all of the details and plans and texture around the guidance that we've provided and sharing of course the vision as well as having all of you meet the talented group of individuals who are executing around our plans.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is form David Scheck with Stifel.
David Scheck: Hi, good morning. My one question is when you think about the 13 stores, full price stores in North America, could you take us through your thought process on culling stores, and I understand there are still stores to be opened, but just the thought process how you look at markets, the stores themselves or the future vision as it pertains to rightsizing store base? Thank you.
Jane Nielsen: Hi, David. So we've been taking a look at our total fleet as undergoing a very comprehensive review first of the economics of the stores. We've also been looking at our 12 major markets and really trying to understand how penetrated as a brand we are in those markets. And obviously economics and profitability will drive most of our decision as we go forward and continue to assess the fleet. We are doing this across full price stores, factory stores and wholesale so that we have a very comprehensive understanding of the brand positioning. As I said to our most important 12 markets (inaudible) throughout the entire fleet. We are looking at a number of different metrics and evaluating it so we can continue to be opportunistic on a go forward basis.
Victor Luis: David, I would only add that of course we are leveraging all of the data that we have internally in terms of name capture from all of our location to understand consumer movements across channels and within channels and, of course, looking at opportunities both from a competitive perspective as well as just mall vibrancy to understand where we can leverage, as Fran mentioned, other channels whether it be our wholesale presence, which is quite extensive, or of course more importantly and very much a topic de jure for all of us in the retail space is the power of the Internet and how we can leverage that in a transformative way as well.
David Scheck: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff: Hi, everybody. Given the weakening traffic at the outlet malls, why would you be opening 15 stores there? I know that's where all the action is in terms of new mall development, but it just seems like a lot? And then could you verify when the Herald Square store goes into the comp base?
Francine Della Badia: Yeah, okay, hi. As you know, our factory store division is incredibly profitable. So we're taking a look at all the new store development that is happening on the factory side and looking very carefully at those opportunities and we continue to see given premium mall development with the increasing co-tenancy from European luxury players. Therefore, we are proud of our positioning in these all and centered and also deliver incredible productivity and profitability in the new stores that we plan to open. So that is contributing to our revenue or top line.
Victor Luis: Harold Square is going to comp in October.
Francine Della Badia: Third part, yeah, sorry.
Victor Luis: Comp in October.
Barbara Wyckoff: Okay. Thank you.
Victor Luis: I would only add to what Fran said in reference to the factory outlet channel. As you know and we have discussed this a few times and I think you hinted too, is the vibrancy of this channel globally and it is relative. Of course, we see the full price channel in general, especially in the U.S. market suffering much more dramatically from traffic trends. Of course, Q3 is a very unique situation given the weather impact and given that all of these malls or the vast majority of them of course are outdoor malls and, therefore, would suffer more at this moment in time.
Barbara Wyckoff: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad: Thanks. Good morning. Question on SG&A and kind of the philosophy. I think it is going to be roughly flat, may be down in dollar terms this year based on your guidance. Are you thinking about as you -- you have got all these different initiatives in play and transformation projects going on. When do you think about ramping up to spend in dollar terms? Are you going to wait to kind of see an inflection as a new product in a new direction under Stuart on the creative director side starts to see the sales impact of that or is it some -- is the spending really going to ramp up ahead of kind of any turn in sales? Thanks.
Jane Nielson: Yeah. Omar, I think as we called a big part of our SG&A guidance for the fourth quarter is a ramp up in marketing, as we anticipate Stuart's products arriving in stores in September. So we are committed to investing in our transformation. And we are committing to investing in this now in order to drive the momentum as product arrives in stores.
Omar Saad: Thanks.
Victor Luis: Thank you Omar.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Hi. Can you talk little about -- if you think about full price in department stores, how would -- how did the business differ in Q3, was there any difference in terms of what sold through and what you are seeing there? And then, on the transformation. How do you see the marketing plan for both international and North America timing and cadence what you're seeing? And just lastly, inventory, as you get through the end of the year, how should we be thinking about it? Thank you.
Victor Luis: I am going to let Jane in a moment to discuss inventory. In relation to the question on the wholesale channel, Dana, we have not really seen dramatic change. In trend, that channel over all was less impacted by traffic declines this past quarter obviously for many reasons and has performed generally better than the overall mall environment. In terms of marketing, we are very focused on right now with Stuart in leveraging external and internal resources in putting together a very detailed plan. We look forward to sharing that with some texture, both in terms of the visual imagery and the actual media plan with all of you along with PR and press and events in the like at our June 4, analyst day. We are really looking of course at a multiyear journey to drive consumer perception around the brand. We know that product and our store experience will be key in that but, of course, are very excited about communicating this vision to consumers. It will be a global campaign. Obviously, in terms of execution there may be some tweaks by markets around language and the like, but we do see it being very consistent and global.
Francine Della Badia: Just on inventory level, Dana, we called out that for the balance of the year we expect our inventory level to remain high. Based on some of the factors that we called out related to our business distribution growth, higher AUCs,, the acquisition of Coach Europe and our expansion into lifestyle. Also, our inventory obviously is impacted by our sales growth that is below our expectation. As we move through, we are -- we still continue to look at our factory channels, our primary means of moving through inventory. We've always had a small portion of our product in disposition. We'd expect to increase that somewhat as we move through the balance of these.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Liz Dunn with Macquarie.
Liz Dunn: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. I guess, I was been kind of dancing around the little bit, but I was wondering what appetite you have or tolerance you have for sort of planned reduction in your sales base to restore the company back to health? Obviously, you made this change with sort of your presence in the flash sale sites and there is the guidance -- preliminary guidance for 2015. But would you consider taking sort of a bigger planned haircut to sales to restore the company back to -- which historic health it's still quite healthy, but you know what I mean? And then also, I just had a question on the 12 markets that you identified focusing on, what percent of your stores and your sales are those 12 markets? And are you seeing some dynamic that is different in those 12 markets versus the rest of your store base? Thanks.
Victor Luis: Thank you, Liz. I think in terms of planned reduction, we realize that it's obviously a delicate balance. And as you referenced, we see ourselves doing the said. Obviously, the strategic steps that we have taken in relation to all of the work with reducing partnerships with third party sites, reducing invitations to our database in terms of our flash websites, are all actions that we have taken towards protecting our long-term brand health. And we really will then look at of course driving all the positive steps that we need to take in terms of product, in terms of marketing and in terms of stores to drive relevance and to drive admiration around the brand and, of course, as mentioned earlier, conversion and eventually sales through those actions.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson: Thank you. Good morning. How much testing of style and colors have you been able to do for this fall's launch versus prior seasons?
Francine Della Badia: Hi, there. We have not tested any of Stuart's new products. As you know, Stuart joined us about six months ago. So he has been very, very busy executing to the new product development for the -- for his fall collection.
Victor Luis: While we have not tested anything to-date, we will be looking up one or two style in -- later in spring, early summer which will guide our buys. But more importantly, I would add what we know and have shared, which is that the editorial reviews have been absolutely fantastic. And our first audience of course is always our internal teams and our global buying teams who have been here actually this week and last week. Last week, they were here to review our outlook products presentation for spring and this week they are reviewing the full price product. And I can tell you that the reactions have been terrific. I certainly, personally have never been more optimistic about a new collection in my seven years at Coach than what we are about to launch in the fall and what we are seeing for spring today.
Francine Della Badia: I just want to go back to Luis this question because we did not answered the part two, which is how important are the 12 markets. The 12 markets represent about 50% of our overall sales. They represent more than that in traffic. And in terms of consumer perception, there are keys to really changing brand perception. And so, we are going to focus on the 12 markets first, certainly with Studio Sofield and the brand transformation effort that we have around marketing product in stores.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: We'll go to the next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti: One thing that I think is counter intuitive, I think we have talked about on past calls is how you are going to be able to go to market with price point you want in the full price stores, which I think would include raising price point. While we have seen how hard it is for both you guys and for anyone to reduce the amount of coupon, your promotionality in stores like the factory outlets, maybe you can help us just think about how we can think about pricing integrity for the brand based on where you are at today?
Victor Luis: Sure. It's a terrific question, Michael, because as you suggested it is of course counterintuitive. I would just caution though that the strategy is not to increase prices across the board. The strategy is for us to continue to work on rebalancing our assortments across various price buckets. We have absolutely no intention to give up on the $300 sweet spot in our full price channel and slightly below that that exist in the wholesale channel and we are going to be developing into those price points moving forward. And we look forward to showing you side by side the current product as well as the future product in those price buckets in the increased value that we are working to provide consumers. And moving forward, value is not just about a price point. It's going to be about quality great design and of course all of the aspirational imagery that we are going to developing around the Coach brand through what we do in our store environments, customer experience in marketing. So we are really excited about that. And I think seeing that holistically, which hopefully we will be able to show all of you on June 4, will provide a little bit more clarity around the vision that we have on how we are bringing back to life.
Michael Binetti: Okay. And then, Jane, if I could just follow with one question as for as the share repurchases, any way you can give us some early thinking on how you would look ahead and say potentially this is what would cause us to restart share repurchases? Thank you.
Jane Nielson: As we look up back, our priority for cash remain the same. Our first priority is we have always said the best thing we can do for our shareholder is to invest in the growth of our business. Our second priority is we'll look to make value accretive acquisitions, and then our third priority is to return capital shareholders. As we said today, we are committed to dividend and we really view repurchases as what we would do with excess cash flow. So those are the priorities and that's our view on the purchases, and so it's really about our investment need and our outlook as we move forward.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Randy Konik with Jefferies.
Randy Konik: Hey great. Thanks a lot. I guess, my question is regarding the fiscal fourth quarter comp guidance. I think you said it was going to be similar to the third quarter. How do we think about that given you said the third quarter was negatively impacted I think by 300 basis points because of the Easter shift and weather? And then can you kind of talk to us about on one hand it sounds like you are trying to elevate the brand which is kind of and you spoke about the penetration with the increase of higher price points, but yet you are continuing to expand the outlet channel distribution. How are we supposed to think about that balancing act or what's the vision long-term for how the outlet sits in this business model, the price point sit in the business model and then how the logo sits in this business model? Thanks.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, so Randy as we think about our fourth quarter comp I think we have been clear that we are not going to call a change in trend in the business until we have seen it. As we give you guidance in any quarter, we give you our best estimate based on what we are seeing in the business at that time. And obviously as we called out clearly, traffic deterioration in our business was the key factor that led to the change in comp. We clearly had Easter overlap, we had a weather impact, but traffic was the real challenge relative to our expectation.
Victor Luis: In terms of your second question which is indeed, as you suggested, a really important balancing act, I would just say that this is not a change in our business model. The word elevation is not about transforming Coach into what we perceive or what may be perceived as a traditional luxury brand. Indeed, while some may believe that affordable and luxury are two word that don't go together, this brand has been created and has as its purpose affordable luxury as its positioning, and that’s what we will do moving forward. Indeed, we are really excited as I mentioned earlier about providing extreme value to the consumers at really great price points. Quality, great design, great materials, craftsmanship are all a part of what has made Coach great and what differentiates us from many of our traditional competitors and especially the new accessible luxury competitors that have arisen in the market space. and that's part of our mantra and what we are going to reclaim. As it comes to the factory channel, there are some who believe that there is may be a magic formula to full price doors to a factory door or 3:1 or 4:1 whatever it maybe, I haven't seen that play in our own analytics. Certainly, there is a fine balance and it really comes down to consumer perceptions across the channel. As we've suggested and talked about, we have taken very important steps as it relates to how we deal with the online EFX customer in terms of trying to manage those impression. And as it relates to the actual outlook channel, we will make any moves in a very careful way in terms of selecting doors, looking at cannibalization and doing so by markets as Fran suggested earlier. When we really talk about advancing the brand across the 12 markets we are talking about doing so across all channel. So we will make a move across full price, factory and wholesale and drive brand perception first and foremost across these 12 key major metropolitan areas in the U.S., and as we do so globally as well across the major fashion capitals.
Operator: Thank you. The last question today is from Faye Landes, Cowen and Company.
Faye Landes: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First of all I may -- two things. First of all, I may have missed this but Brian questioned earlier about the cadence message here of sales like it should be model -- its preliminary, but how we should be modeling next year. And also, if you could just talk about some of your staffing like you had a couple of people leave Jeffery Hill and Bunch Javan, if its correct pronunciation, but who is in that job now? Are there roles that you need to fill?
Victor Luis: With respect to the team, we have obviously a very experienced senior management team. We're very happy for Jeffery and his own move in his career. What I can share with you is that Stuart has a tremendous amount of experience in the men's space. Just yesterday we've seen the new men's collection which has continued to evolve and look absolutely great, and we're excited to show that you on June 4 as well and you'll be able to see it live.
Jane Nielsen: Yes, just in terms of FY'15 I think Victor called out that our expectation at this point is that sales will moderate further. And we're not giving anymore specific shape as to FY'15.
Faye Landes: To moderate further that means more negative?
Jane Nielsen: Correct.
Victor Luis: Correct.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you. That concludes our Q&A. I will now turn it over to Victor Luis for some concluding remarks.
Victor Luis: Thank you everybody for joining us. Of course, we're disappointed by our North American performance especially as it relates our women's handbag and accessories business, but we are incredibly excited and happy to be and what is -- and continues to be a very vibrant category. Our international business, our men's business, our footwear all point into the positive direction. And as I mentioned earlier, unfortunate that you all can't see what we're seeing and experiencing in the last six months with the steps that we've taken forward towards brand transformation. I am more optimistic than at any point during my seven years at Coach in terms of the clarity of our vision and how the actions that we are taking move in a very position direction toward bringing that vision to life and very excited about sharing that with all of you when we're together June 4. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the Coach earnings conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-01-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick – Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Victor Luis – Chief Executive Officer Jane Nielsen – Chief Financial Officer Francine Della Badia - President, North American Retail  Lew Frankfort - Executive Chairman 
Analysts: Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee  Oliver Chen - Citigroup  Liz Dunn - Macquarie  Bilun Boyner - JPMorgan Bob Drbul - Nomura Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley  Faye Landes - Cowen and Company  Laura Champine - Canaccord  Randy Konik - Jefferies
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Victor Luis, Coach’s CEO, and Jane Nielsen, Coach’s CFO. Francine Della Badia, president of North America retail is also joining us.  Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions.  Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Victor Luis will provide an overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2014 results and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives. Francine Della Badia will discuss our business in North America in more detail. Jane Nielsen will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter. Following that, we will hold a question and answer session where we will be joined by Lew Frankfort, Coach’s executive chairman. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Victor will then conclude with some brief summary remarks. I’d now like to introduce Victor Luis, Coach’s CEO.
Victor Luis: Good morning. Thanks, Andrea, and welcome everyone. As we enter the new calendar year, I couldn’t be more excited to be greeting you today as CEO of Coach, succeeding our executive chairman, Lew Frankfort. It is an honor to have the opportunity to build on Lew’s remarkable 35-year legacy and to lead the best team in specialty luxury retailing. We are at a truly unique moment in time. We are faced with a new competitive landscape, evolving consumers, and changing shopping patterns, receiving the opportunity to define modern luxury by innovation, emotion, and relevance into the Coach brand.  Change and the sense of urgency are not new to our history. Many of you know that we talk about Coach’s history in chapters. In our first chapter, Coach defined luxury leather goods for the American consumer.  In our second chapter, we created the accessible luxury handbag and accessories category in North America and key Asian markets. And now, I, together with Stuart Vevers, our new executive creative director, and our seasoned Coach team, are excited to write Coach’s third chapter, our transformation into a global lifestyle brand anchored in accessories. We will accomplish this by focusing on our key brand equities of authenticity, quality, craftsmanship, and value. As noted in our press release, during the holiday quarter, total sales fell slightly in constant currency as weakness in our North American women’s bags and accessories business offset strong growth in men’s footwear and robust sales in emerging Asian markets and Europe. We continue to be disappointed by our performance in North America, which was impacted substantially by lower traffic in our stores and by our decision to limit access to our e-factory flash sale site.  At the same time, China results remained resilient, with total sales growing about 25% and comparable store sales rising at a double digit rate. Importantly, we continue to advance our transformation initiatives and position coach to launch Stuart Vevers’ first collection in September. Before getting into the final details of the quarter, I want to start with key milestones in our transformation journey. As you know, we have focused on the three primary aspects of brand experience: product, stores, and marketing. Starting with product, we continue to see strength in men’s and footwear, two categories that have undergone significant evolution in previous years and quarters.  The story of this quarter was the introduction of capsule, notably the success of the Borough bag, a prelude to a comprehensive replatforming of our women’s assortment across bags, accessories, and lifestyle categories. Stuart has made significant progress leading Coach’s design team to replatform our assortment to both imbue more emotion in the product and elevate the brand. In fact, we’re presenting Coach’s first-ever collection in February during New York Fashion Week.  The presentation will be a series of one-on-one or small group appointments over a five-day period. The goal of presenting in this format is to create the opportunity for Stuart to present the fall collection and personally share his inspiration and vision for the brand with the fashion community in an intimate and informative environment.  Moving on to stores, there are a few areas of progress to note. The highlight of the quarter was the unveiling of a new store concept in two key flagship locations in New York and Southern California. In addition, our holiday store windows, “A Brilliant Season,” reflected our move toward installations rather than simply monthly product backdrops. And finally on marketing, we launched a new fully integrated marketing campaign, “Coach New York Stories,” showcasing top fashion models wearing Coach, set against recognizable New York backdrops.  While our journey has just begun, we have confidence in our vision of what we need to do and have the strategies in place to realize that vision. As was the case with our former transformations, we recognize that this is a multiyear endeavor which requires single-mindedness, tenacity, nimbleness, and patience before it will be fully reflected in our financial performance. Turning to the results of the last quarter, some key financials were, first, net sales on a reported basis totaled $1.4 billion versus $1.5 billion a year ago, a decrease of 6%. On a constant currency basis, sales declined 3% for the quarter. Second, earnings per share totaled $1.06 as compared to $1.23 in the prior year’s second quarter. Third, international sales increased 2% to $425 million, from $418 million last year. On a constant currency basis, international sales rose 11%. Sales in China remain strong, increasing about 25% with the continuation of double digit comps, while sales in our directly operated locations in Asia, ex-Japan and Europe, rose sharply as well. And fourth, North American sales fell 9% to $983 million from $1.08 billion last year, with direct sales declining 8% on the 13.6% comparable store sales decrease. During the quarter, looking at distribution, the company opened one North American full price location and opened seven factory stores, including one men’s freestanding store. At the end of the period, there were 351 full price and 205 factory stores in about 155 outlet malls in North America. Moving on to China, during the quarter we opened 10 net new locations, with two locations in Hong Kong and eight on the mainland, bringing the total number to 142 locations, including 122 on the mainland, in 51 cities.  In Japan, as expected, we did not open any new locations during the quarter. There are 196 directly operated locations, which include 149 full price and 47 factory locations in about 30 outlet malls. Also in Asia, during the second quarter we opened two locations in Malaysia, one in Korea, and one in Taiwan, bringing the total to 98 directly operated locations in the balance of Asia, including 49 in Korea, 28 in Taiwan, 12 in Malaysia, and 9 in Singapore. In Coach Europe, we opened four directly operated doors, including Serrano, our first flagship in Madrid, two shop in shops in Galleries Lafayette in Paris, and a shop in shop in El Corte Ingles. As of the end of the quarter, there were 24 directly operated locations in Europe across the U.K., France, Ireland, Spain, Portugal, and Germany. We also opened several wholesale doors in the U.K., Germany, France, and Italy.  Moving on to sales and productivity, our total revenues in North America declined 9% for the quarter, with our directly operated businesses down 8%. As noted, total Q2 same-store sales declined 13.6%. While men’s, and our relaunched footwear categories, continue to perform well, we remain disappointed by our overall performance in women’s handbag and accessories. Fran will provide some additional granularity to our retail businesses in a moment.  In department stores, sales trends at POS were slightly below prior year, while shipments into department stores declined as planned. The outperformance vis-à-vis our retail stores was reflective of the overall channel and generally better traffic trends than the malls at large. Overall, and consistent with the September quarter, we estimate that the North American premium women’s handbag and accessories market again rose at a high single digit rate in the second quarter. Turning to men’s, as we’ve discussed, we’re also continuing to drive our men’s business globally, through new standalone and dual gender stores, and by dedicating more space for a broader men’s assortment in existing retail stores. In the second quarter, Coach’s sales of men’s bags and accessories increased nearly 20% globally. Looking ahead, we remain bullish about the prospects for our men’s global business, where we’re continuing to target about $700 million in sales in FY14, up about 20% from last year, and $1 billion in sales in three years. Turning now to our international segment, which represents about a third of Coach’s business, sales rose 11% on a constant currency basis in the second quarter, but only 2% on a reported basis, primarily due to the weak yen. As expected, China sales rose about 25% from prior year, fueled by double digit same-store sales and distribution growth. We’re very pleased by the continued development of this market, which bodes well for our global travel retail business, where mainland Chinese tourists play an increasingly important role. Further, as Coach is a relatively young brand in China, we are already recognized as both dual gender and lifestyle, as men’s products and women’s lifestyle categories, taken together, represent over a third of sales. Our other Asia direct businesses outside of China and Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia, and Singapore, also posted strong aggregate growth, increasing at double digit rate for the quarter, with robust comparable store sales. As a reminder, we anniversaried the purchases of our retail operations in Malaysia and Korea during the first quarter, so our business is now apples to apples, no longer benefitting from a wholesale to retail step up.  In Japan, we posted a 2% decrease in constant currency while sales in dollars were down 21%, reflecting the significantly weaker yen. In Europe, where our brand is small but growing rapidly, we generated significant sales growth at POS and strong comps in the quarter. We continue to believe that Europe represents a significant long term opportunity for Coach, both with domestic shoppers and the international tourists, notably in key European cities where the accessible luxury segment is outperforming traditional luxury. While Jane will get into some more details on our financials, and I will discuss our outlook in some detail shortly, I wanted to give you this recap. Francine Della Badia has joined us today to review our holiday season and discuss our business in North America in more detail. Fran?
Francine Della Badia: Thanks, Victor, and good morning. As Victor mentioned, we continue to feel pressure in our North America business, in traffic in our retail stores, impacting women’s handbags and accessories. Simply put, we were dissatisfied with our performance in these categories. As I did last quarter, I’m going to give some underlying texture to the comp performance, both in our successful and strong product initiatives which are resonating with consumers, and where we see the opportunities to strengthen our product [unintelligible] in North America. As was the case industry wide, in-store traffic decelerated further from Q1 levels as the national retail traffic index posted the steepest holiday season decline in at least six years. Similarly, in factory malls, which are primarily open air, in traffic, notably in the two weeks leading up to Christmas, we did not experience the build that we expected. On these lower levels of foot traffic throughout our store base, overall conversion rose and transaction size held. While in previous quarters and years we were able to offset slowing in store traffic on the internet, our online business did not contribute positively to our overall North America comps. Our year over year comparisons were impacted by our strategic, brand health decisions to both eliminate third-party flash events as well as limit the access and invitations to our factory flash site. Excluding these factors, our internet comp would have experienced moderate growth.  What we have found, as was alluded to earlier, is that when we do offer fashion innovation our customers do respond. As Victor mentioned, the story this quarter was the introduction of capsule. All of our full price stores in North America received the new capsule handbag silhouette, the Borough, in two sizes and three colors.  A tiered offering of more fashion handbags in additional colors and materials were offered in select flagship locations, with the full assortment, including ready to wear, available in 25 global flagships, including 11 in North America. This all store silhouette, priced at $548 and $798, experienced strong sell through, surpassing our internal expectations. Importantly, we experienced no price resistance.  More generally, the above $400 price bucket grew in penetration and represented 22% of handbag sales, with the strongest performance at the upper end of our range, $600 and higher. Emotion clearly trumped price, as our consumer is willing to pay more for compelling, elevated product. I’ve mentioned we continued to see strength in our lifestyle categories in Q2. Footwear, which relaunched last spring in about 170 full price locations, rose in penetration from about 5% to over 8%, at higher AURs, reflective of the compelling assortment. This category performance highlights our consumer’s desire for more emotional trend right fashion product. We’re seeing strong performance across heels, flats, and booties. We remain focused on building our market share within the fragmented nearly $25 billion global premium footwear category. For holiday, we introduced more dominant fashion footwear assortments in our international and wholesale locations, and continued to focus on building our key items. We’re evolving our mix and growing both AURs and overall penetration levels across all of our businesses. At the end of Q2, nearly 150 Coach International retail locations offered the elevated women’s collections, and the response from customers has been excellent.  In factory, after a strong Black Friday weekend, we did not experience the anticipated build in traffic in the weeks leading up to Christmas. However, similar to full price, we are seeing the consumer response to distinctive newness and fashion innovation as well as an overall shift to leather versus logo. Faux exotics, pearlized, and gathered leathers performed better than we expected at above average price points.  The fact that we’re experiencing a strong appetite for more elevated products is exciting for us. We were also pleased with the performance of outerwear, footwear, and the newly introduced watch and jewelry categories. We’ve also remodeled a majority of our factory stores into our new factory design concept, including enhanced visual merchandising and marketing elements. We are using elements of our New York Stories marketing in the windows, elevating the look and feel of these stores. In terms of our full price store designs, Victor touched on windows, and most importantly, our new full price concept stores on lower Fifth Avenue and South Coast Plaza. These stores are a physical expression of transformation, as we bring our brand positioning to life. They’re modern, elevated, elegant, and warm, and offer our customers a more complete dual gender lifestyle experience. They invite customers into a much richer relationship with our brand, giving Coach greater relevance and fashion credibility. In the weeks since they have reopened, we have seen our customers explore the stores and engage with our product and brand in new and exciting ways. We view these locations as laboratories. We will live in them, learn from them, and ultimately be able to take the elements and roll them out more broadly across the fleet. This spring and summer, you will see bolder, more feminine visual merchandising initiatives, especially in our most prominent flagship locations, and concepts that will be represented in all stores, continuing to elevate marketing and our brand positioning. Our fall marketing campaign communicated a more aspirational and consistent brand story, reinforcing the bonds with our existing consumer while driving new customer engagement globally.  During the holiday quarter, we evolved the campaign with new tastemakers such as Misty Copeland, the first African-American lead ballerina to the American Ballet Theater; Michael Chernow, founder of The Meatball Shop; and Gia Coppola, a photographer. They’re all telling their own New York story, featuring their favorite Coach product.  In summary, we’re confident in our roadmap to restore productivity in North America. While we recognize this will take some time, and are clearly disappointed with our recent performance, we are focused on maintaining our operational excellence. We are making the necessary investments in our digital capabilities as the business becomes increasingly omnichannel, and we’re reviewing our store fleet systematically, culling where necessary and investing where appropriate. With that, I will turn it back over to Victor for a discussion of our international business, strategies, and further opportunities for growth. Victor?
Victor Luis: Thanks, Fran. Our strategic focus remains on the four pillars of growth that we have previously shared. First, and most broadly, growing our business in North America and throughout the world by transforming into a global lifestyle brand anchored in accessories. Second, leveraging the global opportunity by aggressively growing our international businesses. Third, tapping into the large and growing men’s accessory category, which we’ve already touched on. And fourth, harnessing the growing power of the digital world to both drive ecommerce and customer engagement globally. While focusing on productivity, we will selectively continue to expand our distribution. As our annual plans haven’t changed materially from what we shared in July and in October, I will be brief.  We still expect that our square footage globally and across all channels will increase around 9% in FY14, consistent with prior guidance. In North America, our directly operated square footage will be up about 7%, driven by about 15 new store openings focused on Factory, about 20 expands within the context of our transformation and 15-20 previously announced full price closures. In China, as we discussed, we’re on schedule to open about 30 net new dual gender locations, increasing our square footage by about 25%. And as noted in our press release, our sales remain on track to reach $530 million this year, driven by both distribution and double digit comparable location sales. While we expect to open a few stores in our other direct Asia markets of Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia, and Singapore, our primary focus remains productivity. We have been realizing the benefits of Coach’s direct management in these markets and are pleased with the development of both our teams and our brands. In Japan, we expect net square footage growth will increase slightly with the opening of about 5 to 10 net new locations, most of them dedicated men’s stores. And in Europe, including the U.K., for FY14 we still expect to open about 10 retail locations focused on key European cities, and now plan to open about 30 total wholesale locations. As you know, we also have significant and growing distributor run businesses in other countries. Our primary areas of focus are first, other Asia Pacific markets, including Australia, Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, and the Philippines; second, Latin America, including Mexico, Brazil, Colombia, Venezuela, Panama, Peru, Chile, and Argentina; and third, in the Middle East. I just reviewed our transformation progress, ongoing strategy to reinvigorate growth while taking steps to improve productivity in North America. Importantly, we are confident in our vision and we have the right team and resources to execute our transformation already underway. At this time, I will turn it over to Jane Nielsen, our CFO, for further details on our financials. Jane?
Jane Nielsen : Thanks, Victor. Victor and Fran have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our second quarter results. Our quarterly revenues decreased 6%, with North America declining 9% and international increasing 2% in dollars. As noted, on a constant currency basis, revenues were down 3% overall while international sales rose 11%. Net income for the quarter totaled $297 million, with earnings per diluted share of $1.06. This compared to net income of $353 million and earnings per share of $1.23 in the prior year second quarter. Our operating income totaled $436 million, as compared to the $527 million reported last year, while operating margin was 30.7% versus 35%. During this quarter, gross profit totaled $983 million, versus the $1.09 billion a year ago. Gross margin was 69.2% versus 72.2% for the prior year. Our expense ratio in Q2 totaled 38.5% compared to 37.2% reported in the year ago quarter. Our SG&A dollars actually declined slightly on a year over year basis as we managed variable cost to the lower sales levels, adjusted our outlook for lower performance-based compensation levels, and benefited from the weaker yen. We also realized the benefit of our fourth quarter restructuring actions and the sale of RK, which were offset by higher spending on Coach brand marketing as well as the impact of taking Coach Europe in house. Inventories at the end of the quarter were $553 million, 12% above the $494 million reported at the end of last year’s Q2. As mentioned on our last call, we’ve planned for inventory levels to be up over the balance of this fiscal year, based on several key factors, including distribution growth, the acquisition of Coach Europe, higher average unit cost, and our expansion into lifestyle categories. In addition, sales growth [unintelligible] the lower expectations, is also driving inventory levels. However, our operating model, with a robust factory channel, allows us to view our inventory as currency, and our balances are high quality and current. Cash and short-term investments stood at $799 million, as compared with $859 million a year ago. On the balance sheet, we continue to deploy international cash into high quality investments with higher yields and durations over a year. And, in turn, there is a shift between cash and short-term investments into other noncurrent assets. During the second quarter, we repurchased and retired about 3.3 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $52.99, spending a total of $175 million. At the end of the period, about $1 billion remained under the company’s current repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the second quarter was $400 million, compared to $628 million last year during Q2. Free cash flow in the second quarter was an inflow of $340 million versus an inflow of $567 million in the same period last year. Our capex spending was $61 million, even with a year ago. Consistent with our guidance last quarter, we expect that capex this year will be in the area of $280 million, primarily due to new store openings and expansions across all geographies, elevating our store environment within our existing stores and investments in the technology and infrastructure necessary to enable our global expansion and transformation. Based on our second quarter results, we’ve modified our outlook for the balance of the year as follows. We now expect to deliver low single digit sales declines in constant currency in the second half. Assuming the yen remains close to 104, this would equate to low to mid single digit rate decrease in sales for the balance of the year in dollars.  For the full year, this would take us down low single digits in constant currency and low to mid single digits in dollars. Also, we are forecasting our North America comp run rate to be in the range of our Q2 levels for the balance of the year, with 3Q the more difficult compare given the Easter shift. Gross margin is projected at about 70% for both the back half and the year. The primary impact compared to last year will be increased factory promotion levels, the weaker yen, rising sourcing costs, as well as inventory amortization from the JV acquisition in Coach Europe. We continue to expect modest mid single digit SG&A dollar growth in the second half, with increased investments in Europe, marketing, and other brand transformation initiatives generally funded by the restructuring actions taken in last year’s Q4, but with some deleverage on the lower sales forecast. Therefore, for the full year, SG&A will be up low single digits.  Taken together, we would expect operating margins to be in the area of 26% to 27% for the year. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be around 32% for the year. Regarding the balance sheet, cash flow, capital, and capital allocations, we expect to continue to have a strong balance sheet and substantial operating free cash flow. We will prudently invest in the growth of our business while returning cash to shareholders through dividends, coupled with share repurchases. Our current FY14 outlook continues to reflect about $700 million in share repurchases, approximately equivalent to our prior three-year average. Our long term commitment to growth and shareholder value are unchanged. We have a business model that generates significant cash flow and we are in a position to invest in our brand while continuing to return capital to shareholders. I’d now like to open it up to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] The first question today is from Ike Boruchow with Sterne Agee.
Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee : Victor, I wanted to ask about some of the initial steps you’ve taken in this transformation, both from a product perspective. It sounds like the Borough Bag has been a hit, and the lifestyle stores look great. But both have been done on such a small scale, so I guess the question is why wouldn’t you be a little more aggressive from both a product and stores perspective on some of these changes that do appear to be working. And then a quick follow up would be, internally, what gives you the confidence that Stuart’s product will work, and that the brand is still healthy?
Victor Luis:   Let me start with the second part of your question, which really is about confidence around the brand. I not only have the pleasure of leading the best team in luxury specialty retail, but also without a doubt the leader in the space from a brand perspective. We are the original U.S. luxury brand. We are the most authentic brand, and certainly any piece of research that we see today, and which I know many of you also do, shows us as the most loved brand in the space. Of course, the environment around this has shifted. Consumer shopping behaviors are changing, there’s a new competitive environment. We realize that. We’re grasping that opportunity through our transformation, and are very cognizant of the need for us to tell a richer story to our consumers and provide a richer context, which is what we’re doing through our strategies and through transformation. And with Stuart Vevers as our creative director, we’ve undertaken that journey. He’s been with us for four months, and just yesterday, internally, we showed the first collection. And I can tell you that the energy among the team was palpable.  We are extremely excited by the initial steps we’re taking. Stuart is providing us with a rich context for us, not only in terms of rediscovering what is great about Coach, which is a story on quality, great purity of design, understanding materials and craftsmanship, but also providing a fashion relevance for the brand like we’ve never had. So we’re incredibly excited about that.  In a minute, I’ll ask Lew to give you his opinion as well, because obviously, having been on the journey for 35 years, he can certainly compare with past years. In terms of the Borough and the stores, we want to be of course learning on everything that is happening. The Borough was developed by our team 12 months ago. And we made the initial buys, we’ve gone back in. You’re going to see increasing presence of that specific silhouette across the fleet in North America and globally. In fact, from this floor set, if you would have visited stores today, relative to holiday, you’ll see an increased presence there.  And in terms of the fleet rollout of the new concept, the lifestyle concept that I know many of you have visited at Lower Fifth and perhaps at South Coast Plaza, as Fran touched on, the feedback from consumers and just our staff and their interaction with them has been very positive. So we’re learning, we’re tweaking obvious fixture programs and the like, and over the next weeks and months, we’ll be making decisions on how expensively we roll that out based on the feedback. Lew, perhaps you want to give your comments on what you’ve seen in relation to Stuart’s first development?
Lew Frankfort : Sure. Good morning everybody. Just for some context, our brand grew organically from our product. Before we had a great brand, we had a great product. And the attributes of the product, as Victor mentioned, authenticity, craftsmanship, quality, and value, were the cornerstones of our products, and eventually became key brand equities.  Today, when we look at the product that we’re going to be launching in our first ever presentation next month, launching in September, it still has been absolutely true to our underlying brand equities. The product is rich, it’s elevated, it’s original. He has interpreted and brought forward the many codes that consumers have come to know and embrace from Coach. And in closing, the product is imbued with emotion. It resonates with quality, and is quite appealing. 
Operator: The next question is from Oliver Chen with Citigroup.
Oliver Chen - Citigroup : Regarding the factory channel and the promotional nature of what’s happening there, could you highlight a potential catalyst for abatement there, and what you’re seeing competitive within the marketplace? And just as a follow up, to help us set expectations for your business going forward, how do we think about timing for a better comp store sales? And what should we prioritize as the key drivers for that happening?
Francine Della Badia : I’ll start with your factory question. In terms of factory stores, as we mentioned, we had a strong Black Friday weekend, and then were disappointed by the deceleration of traffic post that, in the weeks leading up to Christmas. We have been promoting more heavily, specifically on the clearance end of the business in factory, to move through some inventory and manage our inventory as efficiently as possible.  So the good news is that Maria’s new product, and the new design that we have in the stores, is really checking with consumers, and we are selling that product extremely well, at above-average factory price points. And so when we have the traffic, we are able to very effectively convert and actually move ticket. So as we are into the spring season, we anticipate holding traffic, that we should be able to continue down the path of being really proud of the product that we put into factory stores and continue to convert the customers that are walking in. 
Oliver Chen - Citigroup : And my second question was just more about setting appropriate expectations for the timing of the turnaround of the comp and which drivers would you prioritize for us as the most importance aspect?
Victor Luis : Certainly we’re committed to driving productivity, as we have discussed, and long term value for our shareholders. We have of course also guided that we will not forecast the change in the trend until we see it. There is of course the knowledge that traffic is a likely indicator. We’re going to see conversions being the main driver. We’re excited about the fact that we have a tremendous amount of internal excitement already and what we’re seeing in new product coming out for September. We know that while shopping behaviors are changing, all of our traffic is being impacted globally, this is truly about great brands. And we’re focused on driving relevance for the Coach brand, getting back to the core, creating exciting shopping experiences for consumers, engaging with them online and in the stores in new and exciting ways, which is necessary in this changing environment, and doing so of course through all of our marketing mediums, whether it be through traditional advertising, social media, and the like.  And we’re on a journey, and we will take you along with us on that journey, and we’re very focused, of course, on the fall, as a very important key next chapter for us as we continue with the marketing campaign that we already have, but also the presentation of Stuart’s first full collection in our full price channel, where we will have the largest single introduction of new SKUs that we’ve already had, in one launch. 
Operator: The next question is from Liz Dunn with Macquarie.
Liz Dunn - Macquarie : My question is relative to your place in the marketplace. I guess you talked about the overall North American handbag market still being fairly robust, but obviously your business was tough. Traffic was tough. Do you think it has to do with a shift to business online? I’m just sort of struggling with how the overall market remains as robust as you see it being, but your problem is primarily traffic. If you could just help add context? Is it just that you’re not checking online to the same extent that your competitors are? What channel do you see losing the most share in?
Victor Luis : I think most retailers today are seeing that the shopping mall channel is seeing the most pressure in terms of traffic overall. Our online business is more mature than perhaps some of the other competitors that we have. We’ve been in the space longer than most of our competitors.  But saying that, as we discussed in our notes, we did take a very important strategic decision this past quarter to limit access, especially on our flash site, as we look at driving brand equity and moving forward. We know this is a long term journey.  Specifically, we did not have third-party events via our flash web sales, as we had this time last year. And we’ve been also very vigilant in ensuring that we try and keep resellers off of our flash web sales model because of the impact that it has, of course, through the parallel channels both domestically and international.  Our number one opportunity of course is in recruitment of consumers into the franchise here in North America, where we are still the leaders. We know that that’s going to happen in an omnichannel way, both through the wholesale channel, through our current partners, where there’s a definite opportunity for us to drive further relevance and a further strong presence for our brand, of course, through our own stores. And we realize that the full price channel has to lead.  This is something that we shared with you, and we’re very focused on driving relevance through that as our most important priority, because of the halo that that plays across the entire brand. And for those of you that have visited our Lower Fifth Avenue store and you compare that experience with the rest of the Coach fleet, and you can imagine that across an entire fleet, as we tweak it, develop it, and perfect it, I think you see a Coach of the future. And of course as well through the digital channel, which is not only an important channel for communication, but increasingly for ecommerce. So it’s really about the brand across all channels. 
Operator: The next question is from Bilun Boyner with JPMorgan. 
Bilun Boyner - JPMorgan: It’s very encouraging that you mentioned you did not see price [unintelligible] and higher price points perform better. So when we get Stuart’s first [unintelligible] in September, where should we expect AURs for that line compared to the collection that’s lower priced? And you mentioned that you limited access through the [unintelligible] sale websites. I’m just trying to get a sense of how material that was. Was it a significant portion of the [unintelligible] business you cut out?
Francine Della Badia : In terms of average price points, the over $400 bucket, as we talked about strength in that in the prepared remarks, we actually had a 7% increase in AUR over last year. So as we anticipate Stuart’s collection and look forward to his fall, the newness in his products, we do anticipate that AURs will increase. And balance in the assortment is important, but seeing that we are performing well in the categories where we had very emotional product, the consumer is willing to pay for it, and we will price the goods accordingly. In terms of the internet, and the limitation of the flash sale site, we did eliminate third-party, as we said, and paid search as well, and the reseller impact. Those things taken together did have an impact on the overall performance of our internet business, and if we took those out, we would have seen a moderate increase in internet sales.
Operator: The next question is from Bob Drbul with Nomura. 
Bob Drbul - Nomura: I just had one question. What led to the decision to have an analyst day, and what do you plan to share with us on that meeting?
Victor Luis : We want to share details of the vision that we have. Obviously, seeing is believing. You will all be able to see the product in all of its glory, meet the teams that care, which is, as I’ve shared, and we believe strongly, without a doubt, the best team in the space, and share with you our vision for the future. 
Operator: The next question is from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley : Victor, you mentioned the endeavor to restore brand equity, and I’m just wondering, how do you think about that effort over time with the ongoing increase in square footage in factory? It would seem in some ways that those two things worked against one another, given that typically expansion in factory is not really brand enhancing. It certainly increases distribution opportunity, but having more discount product out in the marketplace would not really seem to be congruent with the effort to restore brand equity. So I’m just wondering if you can help us with how you think about those two opposing forces.
Victor Luis : It’s obviously a question we get often, and what I would share is that we believe the brand, first and foremost, must be led through the full price channel. And what you see, again, in Lower Fifth, what you see in South Coast Plaza, in terms of a direction for the future of our fleet and the equity that we want to drive through that fuller lifestyle experience, where consumers are engaging with the brand differently, without a doubt will be both a business driver but just as important, if not more so, the halo for the entire multichannel strategy that we have. Outlets, in terms of their importance globally, are unquestionably the fastest growing certainly bricks and mortar channel in the luxury space. That is not only true for U.S. based multichannel brands. It is increasingly true for European and traditional luxury brands who are driving further relevance for the channel globally, whether it be here in the U.S., where it’s quite a mature channel, but of course increasingly in Europe, and now, more than ever, increasing in China and the rest of Asia as well. And so as that channel grows, we want to make sure that we participate in it, and take our fair share there. Saying that, we’re very cognizant of the need, as a result of increasing competitor pressures in that channel as well, to remain relevant there. And many of you have visited our [unintelligible] Park rollouts, which is now our global rollout already, which we believe in that channel elevates the brand, provides a terrific experience, and I think just as you’re seeing and will see increased value, not just through price, but through great product, emotional product, in our full price channel. We will continue to see that moving forward in our factory channel.  And that is the key. The key is not just to see it as a promotional channel, but to see it as a channel which is of relevance to a certain consumer, who does not shop in other channels, and where we have the leadership position and see continued growth moving forward. 
Operator: The next question is from Faye Landes of Cowen and Company.
Faye Landes - Cowen and Company : On the outlet thing, can you just give us some dimension? You implied that you’re going to be selling the excess full price product in the outlets channel, just to get rid of the inventory you have right now. How quickly do you think you can clear that, because as you’ve often indicated before, that’s not the core of your outlet strategy? 
Jane Nielsen : Our outlook is that we’ll be able to move through a great deal of our inventory over the next several quarters. And given the size, the productivity of our factory channel and the volume that we move through there, we have a lot of confidence that we’ll be able to clear through our inventory profitability over the next several quarters.
Victor Luis : I would just add that this is not new for us. Many of you who have been with us on our journey know that even during the 2008/2009 crisis, it didn’t take us more than two to three quarters. This inventory is currency for us. It’s no more than 5% of our total sales, and we’ve always sold full price [unintelligible] in our factory channel. It adds to the relevancy of that channel. There are many consumers who are obviously looking for the hunt of what was in full price in previous months. And so we look to it as an opportunity and not necessarily a negative.
Jane Nielsen : There are several drivers of inventory, one of which is our sales outlook that was lower than expectations. But some core drivers, like our distribution expansion, our higher average unit cost, and the acquisition of Coach Europe and our expansion into lifestyle categories have elevated inventory levels, some just based on the nature of the business. But in terms of that which is excess because of our sales outlook, we’ll move through that very quickly.
Operator: The next question is from Laura Champine with Canaccord.
Laura Champine - Canaccord : This is, I’m afraid, just an extension of what Liz has already asked, which is can you talk about what is driving the strength in the category and how you diagnose, in the most important quarter of the year, an acceleration in market share loss, and what is being done specifically to address that other than obviously new product coming with Stuart’s arrival?
Victor Luis : Well, the strength in the category really speaks to the message that we’ve been putting out there for many quarters now, which is obviously that consumers increasingly look to accessories as the most important part of their wardrobe. It’s what they are doing and leveraging in that sense, to identify themselves as they spend less on apparel and more on accessories. This is a cyclical shift that has been going on for over a decade now. Obviously, as a result of our own success, as a result of this growth in the category, there’s increased competition. That competition creates excitement in the category, which continues to drive it. The opportunity for us, of course, is to leverage our solid equities in our brands, the amazing team and know how that we have, and with new creative direction, to drive relevance in our brands and take our fair share of the market as we have in the past, and that’s what we intend to do. So our strategies for dealing with that are everything that we have been sharing with you in terms of transformation. We’re excited about having you all together with us on June 4, when we will share not only with you the details of our vision, but of course the strength of this team in terms of what we’re doing and how we’re going to execute moving forward.
Laura Champine - Canaccord : And just as a follow on, is there a concerted effort to elevate the brand? And how might that change the market size that you can address in North America, if I am hearing that right, that there is an effort to elevate the brand to higher price points?
Victor Luis : It’s a terrific question. You will see some increased SKU counts at the higher price points, but our strategy is not to change the range of our price points. Many of you will remember, during the financial crisis, when consumers were more price sensitive, we talked about a rebalancing in our assortments. What we’re seeing with obviously consumer confidence at levels that are much better, and the increased competition and excitement around the category, is an opportunity for us to leverage our core strength, our authenticity, quality, heritage, and the respect that consumers have for Coach as the leader in this space to continue to elevate and rebalance our assortment now to more SKUs in the above $400 space.  But this is not about us becoming a European luxury brand tomorrow. This is about us driving desirability and driving, if you will, confidence in the brand in the mind of the consumer through increased value through quality. 
Operator: The next question is from Randy Konik with Jefferies. 
Randy Konik - Jefferies: Can I just follow up on that, with pricing architecture, because you said on the call that about 22% is done at the greater than $400 price point, which is doing well. But 80% of your business is below that, and when you look on the website, you’re hit with price points right away that are $598, $698, $1,000, etc. And when you look at your key competitors, their opening pages on their websites are $298, $328, to $458.  So I guess I’m just curious about how you’re thinking about pricing architecture and how to message that to the consumer, because again, when I look at the website, it just looks like the prices are just not accessible as they have been in the past. And just want to follow up with the point that you’re not going to alienate that lower price point offering. Just your thoughts there would be helpful. 
Victor Luis : It’s a great question, because I think what you’re looking at, as you open up our website, of course we always start with newest [unintelligible], with newness, and what you’re seeing on the top of the page there is the Borough. And thankfully, the Borough is resonating incredibly well. As you go into the bottom of that first page, or onto page two or three, you’ll see that we have not given up the $200 price bucket, $300/$400 price bucket, and that we continue to be very active in that space. As well, I think what you’ll see is that we will play across channels a little bit in a bit more targeted way.  You’re going to see us develop more specific products that will be in more price sensitive channels such as that with our wholesale [unintelligible], versus what you might find in the flagship store, versus what you might find in a secondary market, either here in the U.S. or internationally. These are strategies that we’ve been leveraging globally quite successfully. There is, without a doubt, a very substantial opportunity above the $400 price point bucket. We know that that is becoming increasingly attractive not just here in the U.S., so I would ask us to think about that opportunity globally. As we see the logo business challenged, what is increasingly happening globally is brands headed further into the leather space.  As many of you know, our European competitors have a very hard time achieving price points below $1,500, below $2,000, when it comes to leather handbags. And so the opportunity for us is not just to play with lower prices, but to play with increased value and perception through quality, and that’s where we’re going to look to change the value proposition in the months ahead, but doing so by rebalancing the assortment, not by shifting completely. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you all for attending our Coach conference call this morning. As is our custom, it is now 9:30, and I will turn it over to Victor for some concluding remarks.
Victor Luis : Thank you, Andrea, and thank you all for listening and for being on this journey with us. As we stated, while we’re disappointed in our Q2 results, and as Lou has stated in the past, we know that we are at a very specific moment in time. We have tremendous confidence in the strength of our brand, in our vision, and in our team, and we are very excited about partnering together as this team executes the transformation already underway, and to get us back on the road to a healthy track and long term growth. Thank you very much.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-10-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Lew Frankfort - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Victor Luis - President and Chief Commercial Officer Jane Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer Francine Della Badia - President, North America Retail 
Analysts:  Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee Nancy Hilliker – Citigroup Brian Tunick - JPMorgan Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America John Morris - BMO Capital Edward Yruma - Keybanc Liz Dunn - Macquarie Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Michael Binetti – UBS Tracy Kogan - Wells Fargo  
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks you. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach’s Chairman and CEO; Victor Luis, Coach’s President and Chief Commercial Officer and Jane Nielsen, Coach’s CFO. Francine Della Badia, President, North America Retail is also joining us. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal year. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties, such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our first fiscal quarter 2014 results and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives. Francine Della Badia will speak to our North America business, product performance and review our key programs for the holiday season. Jane Nielsen will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter and outlook. Following that we will hold the question and answer session where we will be joined by Stephanie Stahl, Coach’s Executive Vice-President of marketing and strategy. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 A.M we will then conclude with some free summary remarks. Of course Victor Luis will also be discussing our international growth and our strategies for the future. Now I would like to turn it over to Lew Frankfort, Coach’s Chairman and CEO. 
Lew Frankfort: Thank you Andrea. Good morning everyone and I like to welcome everyone to my last call as Coach’s CEO. As you all know I will be moving on to Executive Chairman in January and I could not be more pleased with the choice of my successor Victor Luis who has demonstrated the passion, strategic vision, focus, superb execution and strong values that makes an outstanding leader. And Victor will have a stronger partner in our new Executive Creative Director, Stuart Vevers who officially joins us in September and is recognized as one of the world’s leading accessories designer. Stuart’s broad luxury experience focused on leather goods and his creative expertise grounded in accessories will enable him to draw upon Coach’s rich history to create innovative product and brand imaginary elevating the customer experience and creating a full expression of the brand. I’m confident that Victor together with Stuart will forge the ideal partnership or as I like to say the balance of logic and magic to advance Coach’s transformation. Turning back to our quarterly results. As noted in our press release we achieved slight overall sales gains in constant currency benefitting from our geographic diversity. We continue to drive excellent growth in emerging markets in Europe as well in the men’s business and in developing lifestyle categories such as footwear. Importantly we moved forward with our transformation initiatives across all consumer touch-points, product, store environments and marketing focused on the competitive handbag and accessories category in North America. While we will get into further detail about current conditions and the outlook for our business shortly I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some key financials were first net sales totaled $1.15 billion versus $1.16 billion a year ago, a decrease of 1%. On a constant currency basis sales rose 2% for the quarter. Second, earnings per share totaled $0.77 even the prior year. Third North American sales decreased 1% the $778 million from 784 million last year with direct sales also declining 1% on the 6.8% comparable store sales decrease and fourth international sales decreased 1% to $365 million from $367 million last year. On a constant currency basis international sales rose 9%. Sales in China remained strong increasing over 35% with a continuation of double digit comps while sales in our directly operated locations in Asia, ex-Japan and Europe rose sharply as well. Looking first at global distribution, during the quarter the company closed one full price location and opened five North American factory stores, including one men’s freestanding store. At the end of the period, there were 350 full price and 198 factory stores in about 150 outlet malls in North America. Moving on to China. During the quarter, we opened six net new locations all on the Mainland bringing the total number to 132 locations, including 114 on the Mainland and 49 cities. In Japan, we opened one net new men’s location during the quarter and we classified four doors from temporary to permanent bringing the total to 196 directly operated locations which included 149 full price and 47 factory locations in about 30 outlet malls. During the first quarter, we opened two locations in Singapore and now directly operate a total of 94 locations in the balance of Asia, including 48 in Korea, 27 in Taiwan, 10 in Malaysia and 9 in Singapore. Moving on to sales and productivity. Our total revenues in North America declined 1% for the quarter with our directly operated businesses also down 1%. As noted, total Q1 same-store sales declined 6.8% while digital men’s and our newly re-launched footwear categories performed well. We were disappointed by our overall performance in women’s handbags and accessories. More generally, we continue to achieve sales gains on the internet while in-store trends notably traffic remained weak. On these lower traffic levels, in-store conversion was up and transaction size held. In department stores, sales trends at POS were modestly prior year, while shipments into department stores declined slightly. Overall, we estimate that the North American premium women’s handbag and accessories market rose at a high single-digit rates in the first quarter. This was a modest deceleration from recent trends impacted by core consumer categories by the cautious spending environment. As we have discussed, we are also continuing to drive our men’s business globally through new standalone and dual-gender stores and by dedicating more space for a broader men’s assortment in existing retail stores. In the first quarter, Coach’s sales of men’s bags and accessories increased over 25% globally. Looking ahead, we remained bullish about the prospects of our global men’s business where we are targeting about $700 million in sales in FY ‘14, up about 20% and $1 billion in sales in three years. Before we discuss international sales and progress on transformation, Francine Della Badia has joined us today to discuss our product performance for the first quarter and our holiday sales initiatives. Fran? 
Francine Della Badia: Thanks Lew. Starting with product, as Lew mentioned, we continue to feel pressure in our North America business in traffic in our retail stores impacting women’s handbags and accessories. I am going to give some underlying texture to the comp performance both in our successful and strong product initiatives, which are resonating with consumers and where we see the opportunities to strengthen our product positioning in North America. We were peaked with the re-launch of Madison this quarter. Madison was completely redesigned with the sophisticated and elevated attitude featuring well-defined and timeless elements, feminine details, rich leathers and beautiful texture and understated branding. The new silhouette accessory to smaller version of our popular Phoebe Shoulder Bag, the new Madeline Satchel in two sizes and Kimberly Carryall are best sellers. Customers responding to the prettier and more emotional sensibility with properly integrated functions to support our customer’s busy lifestyle and therefore the overall effortlessness of these products. For more capital Legacy [ph] handbag choices we also introduced new shapes in Legacy such as the drawstring shoulder bag and the turnout coat. As expected trends continue to favor leather handbags across all price segments. In particular the above $100 segment continued to perform well at over 20% of handbag sales. Our overall handbag penetration to our woman’s business was about even till last year. We see opportunities in woman’s handbags and accessories and continuing to infuse more emotion into our product leveraging our distinctive brand. Stuart Vevers luxury experiment and his passion to make the Coach’s [indiscernible] relevant for today where it needs creativity and superior functionality are crafted into beautiful Coach leather bags will allow us to speak to more aspirational consumer and continue to inspire our customers globally. We continue to see strength in our lifestyle categories in Q1. For three months this spring about a 170 price locations, double in penetration from about 4% to over 8%, as higher AUR reflective of the compelling assortment. This category performs highlights our consumer desire for more emotional trend right fashion product. We’re seeing strong performance across heels, flats and booties. We’re focused on building our market share within the fragmented nearly $25 billion global premium footwear category. This fall we have introduced more dominant fashion footwear assortments in our international and wholesale locations and continue to focus on building our key items. We are evolving our mix and growing both AURs and overall penetration levels across all of our businesses. At the end of Q1 over a 100 Coach international retail locations offer the elevated collection and response from customers is an excellent. I also know [indiscernible] watches we’re advancing [ph] and expanding our collection, repositioning into a fashion assortment and focusing our sweet spot in an average $225 price point. In our factory channel as planned new designs represented the majority of our handbag assortment last quarter. First a stylist collection came in July and sold extremely well. Campbell and more sophisticated group of iconic Coach turnout hardware [ph] offered a multiple fabrications including exotic performed strongly. During August we launched an assortment of made for factory footwear in 20 store and we are very pleased with customer response. We will be significantly expanding the distribution and offering starting in the spring. More broadly we’re expanding the role that lifestyle categories play in factory including outerwear, watches, jewelry and sunwear. In addition we have remodeled a majority of our factory stores in for our new factory design concepts, including an enhanced visual merchandising and marketing elements. Moving to digital, as mentioned our North America online business continues to be strong with traffic growing at a double digit pace driven by engagement from tablet and mobile devices which represent for the 50% of our site visits. Optimization of these devices has been a key focus for us creating more compelling customer experiences. Turning to holidays, we continue to focus on increasing the level of innovation across all product categories adding emotion while strengthening fashion credibility and relevance to the brands. This will be most notable with the arrival of Capsule, a curated product assortment across categories focused on key items in bags, footwear and outwear which started arriving in stores last week. All stores in North America have now received new Capsule handbags silhouette to [indiscernible] in two sizes and three colors. A tiered offering of more fashion handbags and additional colors and material are offered in select flagship locations with the full assortment including ready to wear available in 25 global flagships including 11 in North America. This Capsule collection supports our lifestyle imagery, featured in our new fully integrated marketing campaign Coach New York Stories showcasing top fashion models wearing Coach set against recognizable New York backdrop. This campaign communicates a more aspirational and consistent brand story reinforcing the bond with our existing consumer while driving new consumer engagement globally. The campaign is already generated significant buzz in the fashion press and in social media channels around the world. At the same time, we are enhancing our store environments unveiling a new store concept in two key flagship locations in New York and Southern California during the holiday quarter. In department stores, we are also elevating our presence with new shop-in-shops and converting our case line presentations to open sell. In fact, we have seen a significant lift in sales in about a dozen locations where we have transitioned from case line to open sell format. In summary, we will continue to drive our women’s business through fashion innovation across lifestyle categories supported by dynamic integrated marketing. We will also leverage the opportunity in men’s and evolve our store and digital concept to provide a brand-right shopping experience for our consumer wherever she chooses to shop. With that, I will turn it over to Victor for a discussion of our international business, strategies and further opportunities for growth. Victor? 
Victor Luis: Thanks Fran. Starting with our international segment, which represents about a third of Coach’s business sales rose 9% on a constant currency basis in the first quarter, but declined 1% on a reported basis due to the weak yen. China sales rose over 35% from prior year fueled by distribution and double-digit same-store sales. We are very pleased by the continuing strength in this market, which bodes well for our global travel retail business with the Mainland Chinese tourist plays an increasingly important role. You may remember that our e-commerce site in China launched a year ago and while still in early stages, the internet customer within Mainland China is shopping us from over 200 cities, including more than 150 where we have no bricks and mortar presence. This is another sign of the substantial distribution opportunity for the brands beyond the top tier markets. Further as Coach’s is relatively young brand in China, we are already recognized as a dual-gender and lifestyle as men’s products and women’s lifestyle categories taken together represented a third of sales in the first quarter. Our other Asia direct businesses outside of China and Japan, Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia and Singapore also posted strong aggregate growth increasing at a double-digit rate for the quarter with robust comparable store sales as we anniversary-ed the purchase of our retail operations in Malaysia and Korea during the quarter. In Japan, we posted a 2% increase in constant currency as the market growth slowed while sales in dollars were down 22% reflecting the weaker yen. As discussed in our release in early July, we completed the purchase of our partner’s 50% interest in our European joint venture. In addition also in July, we transitioned the two Printemps’ Boulevard Haussmann locations to our direct control. Today, we operate 20 locations across the UK, France, Ireland, Spain, Portugal and Germany. During the first quarter under our direct control, we saw significant sales growth at POS and strong comps in these locations. Also we just opened our first location in Galeries Lafayette yesterday and look forward to opening our first flagship location in Spain in mid-November along with a men’s shop in Galeries Lafayette. We continue to believe that Europe represents a significant long-term opportunity for Coach both with domestic shoppers and the international tourist notably in key European cities with the accessible luxury segment is outperforming traditional luxury. Looking forward to the balance of FY ‘14, our strategic focus remains on the four pillars of growth we have previously shared. First and most broadly growing our business in North America and throughout the world by transforming into a global lifestyle brand; second, leveraging the global opportunity by aggressively growing our international businesses; third, tapping into the large and growing men’s accessories category which we have already touched on; and fourth, harnessing the growing power of the digital world. While focusing in productivity, we will selectively continue to expand our distribution. As our plans haven’t changed materially from what we outlined on the July earnings call [indiscernible]. We continue to expect that our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 9% in FY ’14. In North America, our square footage will be up about 7% driven by 20 new store openings focused on factory, 15 to 20 previously announced full price closures and about 20 total expansions across both channels within the context of our transformation. In China we expect to grow square footage about 25% in FY ’14 was about 30 net new dual gender stores. We expect sales to total about 530 million driven by both distribution and double digit comparable location sales. In terms of our other direct Asia markets of Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia and Singapore while we expect to open a few stores our primary focus remains productivity. We have begun to see the results of Coach’s direct management as well as the successful expansion of lifestyle categories in these markets. In Japan we expect that next square footage growth will increase slightly and expect to open about 5 to 10 net new locations, most of them dedicated men stores. And in Europe including the UK, we expect to open 10 retail location focused on key European capitals and about 50 wholesale locations in Fiscal Year ’14. As you know, we also have significant and growing distributor run business in other countries. Our primary areas of focus are first Latin America, including Mexico, Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia, Panama, Chile, Peru and Argentina. Second other Asia-Pacific market such as Australia, Thailand, Indonesia and Vietnam, and third in the Middle East. These are in addition to the significant global travel retail opportunity that continues to exist for Coach as the brands recognition continues to grow globally. I've just reviewed our strategies to drive growth, while taking to improve productivity in North America. At this time I will turn it over to J Nielsen, our CFO for further detail on our financials. Jane? 
Jane Nielsen: Thanks Victor. Lew, Fran and Victor have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our first quarter results. Our quarterly revenues decreased 1% in both North America and international declining 1% in dollar. As noted on a constant currency basis revenues rose 2% overall with international sales up 9%. Net income from the quarter totaled 218 million was earnings per diluted share of $0.77. This compares to net income of 221 million and earnings per share of $0.77 in the prior year’s first quarter. Our operating income totaled $322 million 3% below the 332 million reported last year while operating margins was 27.9% versus 28.6%. During this quarter growth profit totaled $827 million versus the 845 million a year ago, a decrease of 2%. Growth margin was 71.8% versus 72.8% for the prior year. Our expense ratio n Q1 totaled 43.9% improving from the 44.2% reported in the year ago quarter. Inventories at the end of the quarter were $637 million, a 6.5% increase over the 598 million reported at the end of last year’s Q1. Cash and short term investments sit at $855 million as compared with 761 million a year ago. During the first quarter we repurchased and retired nearly 3.3 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $53.17 spending a total of $175 million. At the end of the period about 1.2 billion remained in the company’s current repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter was a $164 million compared to $202 million last year during Q1. Free cash flow in the first quarter was an inflow of $118 million versus $146 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $46 million versus $56 million in the same quarter a year ago. Looking forward at the balance sheet, we are deploying international cash into high-quality investments with higher yields and with some durations over a year and expect to shift between cash and short-term investments into other’s non-current assets. Consistent with our guidance last quarter, we expect that CapEx will be in the area of $280 million primarily due to new store openings and expansions across all geographies, elevating our store environments within our existing stores and investments in the technology and infrastructure necessary to enable our global expansion and transformation. While we are encouraged by the initial iterations of our transition to a lifestyle brand, we have recognized that the full reflection of this positioning is part of a multi-year journey. In addition, the retail environment remains challenging with soft mall traffic and volatility in consumer sentiment. Therefore, as you think about the remainder of 2014, our updated outlook is as follows. We expect to deliver flat to low single-digit sales growth in constant currency. Assuming the yen remains close to 100, this would equate to sales growth about even with last year in dollars with currency more of a factor in the first half. Also we are forecasting our North America comp run rate to be down high single-digits for the balance of FY ‘14. Gross margin is projected at about 70% to 71% for the year. The primary impact compared to last year will be increased factory clearance levels, the weaker yen, rising sourcing costs as well as inventory amortization from the JV acquisition in Coach Europe. We expect modest SG&A dollar growth with increased investments in Europe marketing and other brand transformation initiatives generally funded by the restructuring actions taken in Q4 with some de-leverage on a lower sales forecast. Taken together, we would expect operating margins to be about 28%. Finally, our tax rate is expected to be around 32% for the year. Regarding our balance sheet, cash flow and capital allocation we continued to have a strong balance sheet and substantial operating free cash flow of over $1 billion annually. As always, we will prudently invest in the growth of our business while also returning cash to shareholders through dividends coupled with share repurchases. Our current FY ‘14 outlook continues to reflect about $700 million in share repurchases approximately equivalent to our prior three-year average. Most importantly, our long-term commitment to growth and shareholder value are unchanged. We have a business model that generates significant cash flow and we are in a position to invest in our brand while continuing to return capital to shareholder. I’d now like to open it up to Q&A. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) The first question today is from Ike Boruchow with Sterne Agee. 
Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee: Hi. Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my question and Lew congratulations on a great run and best of luck in your new role. 
Lew Frankfort: Thank you. 
Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee: So it sounds like conversion in the U.S. has actually been pretty good the past six months which is a good sign but people just aren’t coming in the doors, is there anything you think you can do to pull them back inside cum [ph] holiday? And then I guess Jane is in regards to the new outlook, I guess maybe when would you anticipate some improvement in North America and in your outlook why don’t you assume any improve in the North America comps over the nine months. Thank you. 
Lew Frankfort: Let me begin by saying that, we have a broad and comprehensive program across product marketing and environments which is kicking in. So if you visit our stores today you will see as Francine mentioned the arrival of the Borrow Bag Capsule. You will see a complete head to toe look in our marketing, enhanced environments. Traffic is a lagging indicator what we expect to see which is occurring and has been occurring is higher conversion and steady of somewhat higher ADT with an intensified need of 12 gram [ph] across both digital and traditional we’re hopeful that we will see an increase in our traffic levels. Having said that until this occurs we are not going to forecast and improvements in your trend rates within North America so we’re actually waiting for it to occur and when it occurs you will know about it. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Oliver Chen with Citigroup. 
Nancy Hilliker – Citigroup: Hi everyone this Nancy Hilliker filling in for Oliver Chen. I wanted to follow-up on just what I was talking about also can you give us any information in terms of why maybe the new lifestyle program and new capital collection et cetera wouldn’t maybe help comp guidance going into holiday and also if you could talk a little bit about skew rationalization just if you’re planning to sort of focus more on certain products et cetera that will be great. Thank you. 
Lew Frankfort: In terms of Capsule as we have communicated in the past it is a very small collection, there are five handbag skews that go across all stores and this is the collection that only launched 3 – 4 days ago and the initial results are very promising that we can share but obviously given the size of the launch we do not expect it to be providing a major inflection alone to the business. In terms of skew rationalization that will certainly be something that we look at moving forward especially as we look at bringing other categories into our fleet as you have heard Fran report earlier our shoe relaunch continues to take hold where we have seen footwear move from the 4% penetration to 8% of the business. Most of that has come in the expansion within the 70 locations where we have added fashion assortments and as you also heard Fran referred we’re very pleased with the fact that it is the fashion assortment that is checking with consumers and not just the typical snicker and flip-flop business of the past. 
Operator: The next question is from Brian Tunick with JPMorgan. 
Brian Tunick - JPMorgan: First question on SG&A came in better than what we would have expected given the sales. So I’m wondering if there were any timing shifts maybe from marketing perspective or anything we should think about coming into big holiday period [ph]. And then on inventory at the channel, it would be very helpful if you could provide some more color on how do you feel about inventory levels at department stores or wholesale accounts like Zappos given that you mentioned U.S. sales were down modestly and selling was down slightly. Thanks. 
Jane Nielsen: Sure just let me comment on the 30 bips of SG&A leverage that you saw, it's largely timing. As you think about legacy last year the marketing was more predominately in the first quarter. New York Stories is going to hit in the second quarter and that accounts for all the difference in SG&A leverage. So it's simply timing. We’re calling for as you heard in the guidance SG&A, modest SG&A dollar growth and so that’s very consistent so it's an element of timing. In turns of overall inventory, if you think about inventory, we don’t guide to inventory, you saw our inventory is up about 6.5%. If you think about inventory, think about the increased overall AUCs or average unit cost is driving overall inventory and obviously our sales was – were below our expectations. Those are two primary drivers. 
Brian Tunick – JPMorgan: Thanks. Best of luck. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America. 
Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America: Thank you. Good morning. 
Lew Frankfort: Good morning. 
Lorraine Hutchinson - Bank of America: Following up on the factory question, can you talk about some of the promotions that you have tested within factory? And then how much excess inventory you expect to manage to clear over the coming quarters? 
Jane Nielsen: Hi. So as you know, we – factory is our promotional channel and there are number of different levers that we used during the year to manage our factory business and drive revenue. This quarter, we did take additional promotion of on our clearance business in factory and that was mostly to offset higher AURs that we experienced with the new products that we have been launching to balance the business for the quarter. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from John Morris with BMO Capital. 
John Morris - BMO Capital: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to talk a little – get a little bit more color from you guys on maybe comparing and contrasting the business between the retail stores and the factory specifically traffic trends and the like, maybe a little bit more color there beyond what you have already commented on? Thanks. 
Lew Frankfort: Well first as reported, traffic trends in factory stores and retail stores have been tough and then – and indeed in the full price stores, our traffic slightly worsened in our – in the quarter, but overall conversion has remained strong and in fact it’s higher than our last year. 
John Morris - BMO Capital:
 : 
Lew Frankfort: We don’t – just to aggregate that is a two channels, but what we can tell you is that the patterns that have existed – that existed in the prior quarter and in the prior 12 months remain consistent. 
John Morris - BMO Capital: And just can Francine give us a little bit more color on where we see – where she sees the holiday opportunity this year versus last year maybe some of the specific initiatives that you might be doing around holiday to help drive the business? Thanks. 
Francine Della Badia: So for holiday on the full price side and I think actually more broadly we have this fully marketing – this fully integrated marketing campaign across both marketing in our stores, in our windows and also across all of our digital channels who are very active in social media right now, those are efforts to continue to drive traffic into all of our stores during the holiday quarter. And I think specifically to Victor’s comment about the recent launch of capsule, where we are feeling good about the burrow [ph] bag and that’s a good indicator for our products initiatives as we go forward. And as we have spoken to we are excited to continue to drive our lifestyle categories, specifically footwear in men’s. On the factory side, I can tell you that we continue to see great consumer response with the new product that we have been launching so that product has performed well. We will continue to be promotional more around our clearance, but at any given point in time, we are continually testing and piloting our promotional levers in factory. 
Lew Frankfort: And let me just – I would like to also add in terms of our advertising spends we are intensifying spending in the quarters that you will be seeing in both our traditional media and digital a much stronger presence of Coach communicating on the broader expression of the brand. 
John Morris - BMO Capital: Thanks very much. Good luck. 
Lew Frankfort: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, please limit yourself to one question per request. The next question is from Edward Yruma with Keybanc. 
Edward Yruma - Keybanc: Hi thanks and good morning. I was wondering if you could tell us about the customer that’s in the stores buying some of your lifestyle product, if it would be shoes or watches. Is it existing customer? Are you capturing new customers and are they also making a purchase of the bag at the same time? Thanks. 
Jane Nielsen: We’re experiencing both, so it is an existing customer, would you find that consumer to buy handbags from us also participate in a significant way in other parts of the business and the other lifestyle categories and we’re also attracting new customers, especially with some of their repositioning, moving watches to a more fashioned assortment at a $225 average price point and also footwear with the new trend right fashion product assortment, we’re definitely seeing new customer engaging in the footwear category for us. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Liz Dunn with Macquarie. 
Liz Dunn - Macquarie: I was just wondering on gross margin if you could give us a sense of where merchandised margin or mark downs shook out in the quarter relative to last year and as I look at the guidance sort of versus last time is the delta there just increased promotion at factory because off the other sort of items that you have mentioned had been pressures that we were expecting before or have any of those sort of intensified? Thank you. 
Jane Nielsen: Yeah sure. Liz let me break it down for you that, to equate to our guidance now. So there will be heightened promotional levers in our North Americas factor channel as Brian mentioned largely related to clearance especially during the holiday season. So that’s one of the largest changes from our previous guidance as we have noted before we expect the Yen to be about 50 basis points of pressure on us and that is reflected in channel mix that we don’t get the benefit because of the Yen of the higher growth margin in Japan. Overall we have also seen some rising sourcing cost, called out labor in the fourth quarter, we’re also seeing some overall sourcing cost increases and then we have the inventory amortization from the acquisition of our JV and Coach Europe. If I break it into those four buckets that encompasses the margin pressures both versus prior year and versus previous guidance. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA. 
Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA: Could you talk about the key differences between China and the North America in terms of conversion, men’s we know is stronger, you know in terms of just the big business buckets? 
Lew Frankfort: Overall I would say that of course what we’re experiencing in China is a much lower conversion rates that is due to our lack of awareness and as awareness grows of course so will our conversion as consumers discover more fully the Coach story. Saying that our lack of history of course has the advantages as I addressed in the speaker’s notes of allowing us from the very early stages to position the brand as a lifestyle brand. As I mentioned this past quarter approximately in fact almost exactly 1/3rd of our sales in China came through other categories, men’s and other lifestyle categories including footwear and women’s outerwear and we expect that will continue to increase as we further develop in the quarters ahead our lifestyle categories through transformation and this really speaks to our previous comments that the impact of transformation on the brand of course is not only going to provide the context and relevance for Coach to achieve renewed growth in the North American market but also to help position us more fully to compete more successfully in emerging and international markets where we don’t have a history. 
Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA: Can you also talk about the tests in the United States to add more footwear using a pool stock [ph] for shipment to customers what is going on with that? Fill footwear in more stores. 
Jane Nielsen: So we do footwear in 175 locations right now and what we have been doing is testing footwear in having a smaller assortment in about 10 additional doors to see if we can service the customer with sizing in inventory in an order from Jack and we will continue to test and probe more around distribution opportunities in footwear. The other thing that I will say is as we continue to look at the fleet and have remodeled store opportunities, we will take advantage of mobile POS technology and remove cash wrap for the mobile POS technology and dedicate more square footage on the selling floor on two categories like footwear. In terms of Jacksonville, we have a very active program right now in our distribution center, where customers can order shoes from any store in the fleet. 
Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA: So by the end of the year, you will have footwear you think in how many – the ability to buy footwear in how many locations? 
Jane Nielsen: And you can buy footwear in any location today off of our program CBSR which is the Coach by special request, you can order from any store. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) The next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Good morning everyone. As you think about inventory planning if you go into the balance of the year, how you are planning inventories and if you think about the collections what should we be looking for in terms of updates to collections, new collections until Stuart comes out with his own collections? Thank you. 
Francine Della Badia: Yes. So why don’t I address the inventory question. So I think as I said we don’t provide guidance on inventory, but we expect based on square footage growth that you will see continued inventory growth through FY ‘14. And we have a few factors that I outlined and you see cost increases, the acquisition of Coach Europe and also our expansion into lifestyle categories. So there are three things that are driving inventory growth. And you know that we have a proven track record of managing our inventory very profitable over time. So our inventory is current, its currency and we feel that we are in a reasonable position. 
Lew Frankfort: In terms of your question on newness moving forward, we see in the second half as we go beyond holiday an increasing presence in capital that will be a further rollout of burrow [ph] and other capsule silhouettes across the entire fleet both in terms of new fabrications as well as a couple of new styles. In addition in the second half of the year, we will be bringing out new silhouettes including Domed Satchel and other collections from the spring that will lead into Stuart’s first collection, which will be in stores from fall of next year. We expect it to run across the entire fleet from September. Stuart of course is very busy currently in developing that collection and we will have more to share on that in the spring. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you. Good morning. 
Lew Frankfort: Good morning Kimberly. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: My question is just about the one, two, three-year outlook, could you help us understand how you view Coach’s go-forward strategy in terms of either stabilizing market share in the U.S. and what do you think the drivers there might be and/or it’s rather you are just going to progress with the lifestyle conversion of the brand perhaps a little bit of that market share slide away in hopes of stabilizing the business potentially at a slightly smaller level. I am just looking for your big picture thinking on the kind of three-year outlook for the business? 
Lew Frankfort: Our objective has been and will be to grow with the category. Handbags and accessories has been and will continue to be a key core category for Coach and the main driver of our business. Transformation is truly about providing context and emotion for the Coach brands. We do not see us evolving into a ready to wear resource first and foremost. And as we have stated previously, our focus will be in driving the other key categories around handbags and accessories that provide some context with footwear and outerwear being key drivers. We have talked about this being a multi-year strategy; we believe it's the right strategy and the right one to drive long term growth. We have a great team in place and certainly we don’t know of another brand in our core space that has the experience and the execution of transformations in their path as we do and we’re excited about writing this chapter and the journey ahead. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Michael Binetti with UBS. 
Michael Binetti – UBS: I wanted to ask you about the U.S. store count and I guess the full price stores and you guys gave some update language [ph] on that, it sounds like it's still tracking to the plan you gave us 90 days ago. I wanted to think about that in the context of where the comps are and how you see the trajectory of the comps over the next few quarters Lew and perhaps why it makes sense to continue growing footage here, will we see more a stabilization in the U.S. same store sales numbers? 
Lew Frankfort: I’m sorry, the last part you did a review of the comps? 
Michael Binetti - UBS: Right why I guess the square footage growth rate in the U.S. is staying where it's at as far as the plan considering where comps are right now and the trajectory that Jane laid out for us over the next few quarters, does it make sense to continue the footage growth in the U.S. until we see more of a stabilization in the comps. 
Lew Frankfort: The answer is that we’re very thoughtful about the way in which we look at distribution and we have that situation where we do have markets both on a factory side and extremely selectively on the full price side whether opportunities are to develop, a three standing dual gender stores as well men stores at the same time we’re focused on productivity measurements particularly being sensitive to our full price fleet which needs to lead. And what we’re not showing in comp of course, comps that not show is the benefit of the revenues that we’re achieving in the first 12 months of these new store openings and we might say when we look at these new store openings through a store they are very productive. 
Jane Nielsen: But Michael just to build on what we called out in Q4 is that we do continue and what you saw still in Q4 as we continue to look at our overall real estate position as things come under lease renewal and expiration and we make a judgment based on each store and the trading area and we will continue to do that. It's in our practice and we will continue to do that across our fleet. 
Michael Binetti - UBS: And maybe would you mind telling us a little bit about I’m a little bit interested to hear where some of the good SG&A control came from in the quarter particularly with the square footage growth being up. You know I will get some detail when the 10-Q comes up and maybe you can just talk about it qualitatively? Thank you. 
Jane Nielsen: Well I think that what we called out in Q4 was that the actions we took in the restructuring, we’re going to fund investments that we’re making in the brand. You saw that play out in Q1 with the improvement in our SG&A ratio we will be coming from an issue of timing of marketing spend, so you will see that the about consistent through the year should be up through the year but Q1 was the low Q1 last year because of the difference of timing between Legacy and Coach New York Story. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Paul Lejuez with Wells Fargo. 
Tracy Kogan - Wells Fargo:
 : 
Jane Nielsen: Right now we have outerwear in 140 factory stores, so the initiative in outerwear is rolled out and it's performing quite well so we’re seeing good improvement to last year in that category. We just recently launched women’s and men’s made for factory watches. That is the new launch this quarter. And so we are excited about the growth opportunity in the watch category in factory stores. In related to footwear in the 20 stores, we are going to be rolling out to an additional 70 stores later in the spring and in the 20 stores where we currently have footwear we are continuing – we are looking at optimizing the footwear presentation in these locations and adding additional assortment to these locations starting in the third quarter. In terms of productivity in these stores, the productivity is incremental and is – they are performing quite well. We are also seeing the same type of fashion appetite coming out of our factory division that we are seeing in full price.  
Lew Frankfort:   We invite you to visit factory and full price stores near you. And what you will see in the factory fleet, in particular, is our new design concept, which has been extremely well received and actually provides the environment for a much fuller expression of the brand.  
Operator:   Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Andrea Shaw Resnick for closing remarks.  
Andrea Shaw Resnick:   Thank you all for joining us today. As our practice, we like to close the call before the market opens. So I would like to turn it back to Lew and Victor for some closing comments. Gentlemen?  
Victor Luis:   Thank you, Andrea. I would first just like to thank everyone for joining us and want to congratulate Lew on his last call as CEO. And we on the management team of course are very much looking forward to partnering with him in his new role. This leadership team inherits a fantastic iconic brand that is grounded in authenticity and heritage with a proven history and success in reinventing itself. And we are all very excited about working together and partnering to write the next chapter of the Coach brand. As I mentioned earlier very few if any brands in our space indeed have the success of reinvention that this brand and this company has. And we are excited about resetting ourselves for a period of sustained growth.  
Lew Frankfort:   And well, I have said on previous calls from time-to-time just stay tuned everybody. Have a good day and enjoy the rest of the week. Thank you everybody.  
Operator:   Thank you. This does conclude the Coach Earnings Conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-07-30 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - SVP, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO Victor Luis - President and CCO Jane Nielsen – EVP and CFO
Analysts: Bob Drbul - Barclays Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee Oliver Chen - Citigroup David Schick - Stifel Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA Brian Tunick - JPMorgan Liz Dunn - Macquarie
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly and fiscal year end results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO, Victor Luis, Coach’s President and Chief Commercial Officer and Jane Nielsen, --Coach's CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal year. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties, such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort and Victor Luis will provide C results and will also discuss our overarching strategy. Jane Nielsen will continue with details on financial and operational results for the quarter and in the year along with our outlook for FY 14. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session. This Q&A session will end shortly before 09.30 am. Lew will then conclude with some brief summary of comments. I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks Andrea and welcome everyone. We shared a lot of news in our press release this morning and we understand that it will take some time to digest. This year has obviously been unique and we have recognized all that is -- that’s not been business as usual. Most importantly, we have taken significant steps to help reposition the company to return to superior growth rates while maintaining outstanding profitability levels. Our focus and priority is on the brand and driving its relevance to reinforce our customer’s emotional connection to Coach notably in North America. We have a proven group of Coach Leaders to execute our transformation strategy. This is a multiyear journey and we’re excited about the future, building upon our strong brand and business equities with an exceptional team at the helm. I also want to take this opportunity to thank Mike and Jerry for their important contributions in building Coach into a leading international accessories brand. The entire Coach team has great admiration and respect for their significant accomplishments and we wish them the best. And now to our results and outlook. During the fourth quarter we approached double digit growth in constant currency and continued to gain overall traction on our key strategies supporting our transformation. We generated strong international results, leveraged the men’s opportunity globally, strengthened our digital capabilities and drove excellent results in the re-launch of footwear. While we maintained our outstanding profitability levels, we were not satisfied with our performance in the women’s handbag and accessories category in North America.  Moving on to some key highlights of our quarter and fiscal year. Our performance in FY’13 was highlighted by increases of 7% in revenues, a 2% rise in operating income and 6% in earnings per share. It was a year of many milestones. First, we continued to leverage the international opportunities for Coach, growing organically through distribution and productivity while accelerating the acquisition of international retail businesses to our direct control. In China, Coach sales exceeded $430 million, up 40% ending the year with about a 125 locations including over 100 on the Mainland. Second, our men’s business grew almost 50% in FY13 to about $600 million as we continued to open dedicated standalone and dual gender locations globally while also rolling out a broader expression of men’s through additional North American retail stores. Third, we successfully expanded our digital initiatives, driving double digit online sales growth while also exploring new ways to engage with our consumer and grow our database reflecting, shifting, shopping preferences. Fourth, we increased our quarterly dividend by 13%, demonstrating our financial strength, cash flow generation and our commitment to shareholder return and confidence in the future. And fifth and most importantly we embarked on our journey to transform Coach into a global luxury lifestyle brand building upon our leadership position in accessories.  Some key fourth quarter metrics were. First, net sales totaled $1.22 billion, an increase of 6%. On the constant currency basis, sales rose 9% for the quarter. Second, earnings per share totaled $0.89, up 3% from $0.86 in the prior year. Third, North American sales increased 6% to $825 million from $781 million last year with direct sales up 5% and comparable store sales down 1.7%. And fourth, international sales increased 7% to $386 million from $362 million last year, driven in part by a 35% gain in sales in China with a continuation of double digit comps. On the constant currency basis, international sales rose 17%. Most broadly we were also very pleased with profitability levels in both the quarter and year. Turning to global distribution, during the fourth quarter we opened three new North American retail stores and closed four others. We also opened two factory stores including one dedicated men store. At the end of FY ‘13, there were 351 full price and 193 factory stores in operation in North America. Total square footage grew 11% for the year. Moving to China, during the quarter we added eight new locations on the Mainland, bringing the total to a 126 Coach locations in China including 108 locations on the Mainland and 47 cities. In aggregate, there was an increase of 30 net new locations for the fiscal year or square footage increase of 33%.   In Japan, seven locations were added during the quarter, bringing the total to 198 with 24 standalone full price stores including nine flagships, 124 shop-in-shops, 43 factory stores and seven distributor-operated wholesale locations. In total, a net of 11 locations were added in Japan during FY ’13 yielding total square footage growth of about 9%. We also directly operate 92 locations in Asia comprised of 48 in Korea, 27 in Taiwan, 10 in Malaysia and seven in Singapore. Moving on to sales and productivity, starting in North America, our total revenues rose 6% for the quarter with our directly operated businesses up 5% on a 1.7% comparable store sales decrease, due in part to the Easter shift which we called out as a benefit to last quarter. While men’s and our newly relaunched footwear categories performed well. As I mentioned, we were disappointed by our overall performance in women’s bags. More generally, internet sales and traffic continued up double-digit consistent with consumers shifting shopping preferences, while in-store trends notably traffic were weak. On these lower traffic levels in-store conversion was up and transaction side fell. In department stores, sales trends at POS were slightly above last year, while shipments into this channel also rose. Overall, we estimate that growth in the addressable women’s North American handbag and accessory category remained strong rising low double digits in fiscal 2013 to about $12 billion as bags and accessories continue to represent a growing portion of our wardrobe spend. The combined North American premium women’s and men’s market rose about 15% in FY ’13 to about $11 billion. Coach continued to participate in a market growth with our own direct channels posting solid gains for the year up 6% as mentioned with the combined market share of about 30%. As we’ve discussed, we’re also continuing to drive our men’s business globally to new standalone and dual gender of side-by-side stores and by dedicating more space for broader men’s assortment in existing retail stores. In FY ’13, Coach’s sales of men’s bags and accessories increased 50% in North America, driving the overall men's premium category which grew 25% to about $1 billion. Looking ahead, we remain excited about the prospects to our global men’s business where we believe we can reach $1 million in sales in three years from the $600 million achieved last year. I'd now like to turn it over to Victor to discuss international sales, product performance this quarter, as well as to give you an update on our progress, on transformation and what you can expect in FY ’14. Victor?
Victor Luis: Thanks, Lew. Starting with international, which today represents about a third of Coach's business, sales rose 7% in the fourth quarter or 17% on the constant currency basis, consistent with prior quarter and full year trends. During the quarter, China sales rose about 35% from prior year, fueled by distribution and double-digit same-store sales. As Lew noted upfront, this took our full year sales to over $430 million, up 40%. Clearly, the Chinese consumer continues to embrace Coach, as repurchase intent has remained high at over 80% among existing consumers. This is also evident by the increasing contribution of the Chinese tourist to our global sales. Our other Asia direct businesses outside of Japan and China, Korea, Taiwan Malaysia and Singapore also posted strong aggregate growth in the quarter and the year. In total, they benefited from the retail step up from the prior year from Malaysia and Korea, which were acquired in early FY ’13. It’s important to note that their combined POS sales also rose at a high single-digit rate for the quarter and a double-digit rate for the year. As noted, for the quarter, we posted a 4% increase in local currency in Japan despite the top compare, while dollar sales declined 15% reflecting the weaker Yen.  Similarly, for the year, sales were essentially even with prior year on a constant currency basis and down 9% in dollars. Moving on to product, Legacy and Madison remained our key collections in the fourth quarter with new silhouettes and on trend colors introduced throughout the period. The Madison Phoebe Shoulder Bag launched at the end of the March in North America and later globally was particularly successful. We also featured a new group of Satchels and Totes across multiple collections in June.  Looking forward, we’re excited about the re-launch of Madison this quarter, which follows the same design aesthetic as Phoebe with clean sophisticated lines, feminine details, Rich leathers, and understated branding. More generally, we saw a continuation of trends favoring leather hand bags across all price segments. In particular, we enjoyed healthy year-over-year sales increases in small bags and the above 400 segments continued to perform well at about 16% of handbags. Our overall handbag penetration was even for last year. And I’d be remiss not to mention that this distinct newness in our factory channel where new designs are beginning to arrive in stores and online. Metro a great Tote group was a winner of late this spring and Park a fashionable leather based collection has just hit the stores and has been very well received. In fact, by the end of Q1, about 80% to 85% of our factory handbags will be new, innovative factory exclusives.  Turning to North America’s department stores, we are committed to growing this business and positioning Coach to win. We’re focused on improving performance with an emphasis in growing our leather handbag and accessories business taking advantage of our auto replenishment program and executing our new shop renovation and case line transformation with significant roll out this year. We’re also looking at incremental new door distribution opportunities with current partners.  I’ll now give you an update on our footwear business, which as you know, we re-launched this spring in over 170 retail stores in North America with the objective of elevating our products proposition. Supporting Coach as a lifestyle brand and reinforcing our fashion credibility. The collection featuring great ballet flats, driving moccasins, fashion wedges, heels and on-trend casual style has been very well received by consumers. In fact, footwear in these locations went to almost 12% of the business immediately and stayed up the level for the fourth quarter versus about 7% in the year ago quarter positively impacting productivity in these stores.  We’re focused in building our market share within this fragmented $20 billion global category. This fall we’ll include more dominant fashion footwear assortments in our international and wholesale locations and continue to focus in building our key items. We’re evolving our mix and growing both AUR’s and overall penetration levels across all of our businesses. Over the next few quarters the level of innovation across all products categories will continue to increase, adding emotion while strengthening fashion credibility and relevance for the brand.  This will be most notable in the holiday quarter with the arrival what we’re calling Capsule a curetted product assortments across categories focused on key items in bags, foot wear and outerwear. This Capsule collection will support our lifestyle imagery and to be available in select locations globally. At the same time, we’re enhancing our store environment across all channels and developing innovative marketing campaigns to communicate a more aspirational and consistent brand story reinforcing the bond with our existing consumers while driving new customer engagement globally. Our intent is to drive brand relevance, building on our leadership position in accessories.  Moving on to e-commerce as mentioned our North American online business was strong again this quarter with sales and traffic growing at a double digit pace with an increasing penetration coming from mobile and tablet. Additionally, we have been extremely pleased with our website evolution earlier this month as we improved the functionality and upgraded the look and feel of Coach.com across all devices. Earlier this year, we talked about our brand transformation into a global lifestyle brand anchored in accessories. As we have built out our strategic plan, we have focused on three key elements: product, stores and marketing. To this end, we’ve made several important hires to strengthen our team and enhance the Coach experience. Importantly and most recently, we announced that Stuart Vevers will be joining Coach as Executive Creative Director in September and will be responsible for leading all creative aspects of the Coach brand, including women’s and men’s design, brand imagery and store environments. Stuart’s appointment marks an important milestone in our transformation and we’re extremely pleased that he will be leading our strong creative team already in place. His depth and breadth of experience will be an invaluable asset to the business in general and the design team in particular as we continue to evolve. I’m confident that his creative expertise with some of the world’s leading leather goods brands will enable him to draw upon Coach’s rich heritage to create innovative product and brand imagery, elevating the customer experience and creating a fuller expression of the brand. And today we announced the reorganization primarily within the North America leadership team to enhance focus and drive execution in the company's largest market. Most of you know, Coach Veteran, Francine Della Badia, who is currently the EVP, responsible for all North America Retail Merchandising, Planning and Allocation as well as Coach’s Global Men’s and Factory merchandising. She is succeeding Mike as President, North America Retail. Longtime Coach leader, David Duplantis, EVP, Digital Marketing, is taking on the new role as President of Global Digital and Customer Experience. Javan Bunch, SVP Of Licensing, who has spearheaded our footwear relaunch, will assume the expanded role of SVP and President, North America Wholesale and Licensed Categories, reporting into Todd Kahn, our General Counsel in his expanded role as Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs. In addition, Ian Bickley, President, Coach International, is expanding his role to take on responsibility to include all international direct retail businesses as President, International Group. Finally, Stephanie Stahl, currently Senior Vice President, Strategy and Consumer Insights, is taking on an expanded role as Executive Vice President, Marketing and Strategy. Fran, David, Todd, Ian and Stephanie will report to me in their expanded roles. As Lew mentioned, during the fourth quarter, we took significant steps to set the foundation for return to strong growth by streamlining the business, committing to additional brand investments and forging the next group of Coach leaders to drive our transformation. As we enter FY ‘14, our strategic focus remains on the four pillars of growth we have previously shared. First and most broadly, growing our business in North America and globally by transforming into a global lifestyle brand; second, leveraging the global opportunity by aggressively growing our international businesses; third, tapping into the large and growing men's accessory category which I’ve already touched on; and fourth, harnessing the growing power of the digital world. Starting with distribution, we expect that our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 9% in FY ‘14 compared to 11% in FY ‘13. Beginning in North America, as noted we are primarily focused on elevating our retail environment and replatforming our stores to showcase the full breadth of Coach’s lifestyle categories. In Full Price, where we have a significant number of leases coming due, we're taking the opportunity to streamline our store base and reposition while at the same time reviewing expansion and relocation opportunities and capture men’s footwear and outerwear businesses.  In the North America factory channel, where there is an enormous amounts of new real estate development, we’re focused on select new market entry as well as capitalizing men’s opportunity with some repositioning in smaller stores. Balancing these factors, we will open about 20 new stores in FY ‘14, including two new full priced locations and at least 15 factory outlets most of which will be dual gender stores with one free standing men’s store planned as well.  In addition, we’ve planned to close 16 full price locations as we streamline our store base by closing less productive units. Importantly, we are also expanding about 20 locations, seven full price and about 13 factory to accommodate the full build out of our dual gender presentation by adding men’s to our existing stores. In total, we expect North American square footage growth of about 7% this year driven by the net of these activities versus about 10% in FY13.  Turning to China, in FY ’14, we again expect to open about 30 new stores, all dual genders bringing the total to about 155 at the end of the year. In total, square footage in China is expected to grow about 25% in FY’14. We expect sales to total about $530 million driven by both distribution and double digit comparable location sales. In terms of our other direct Asia markets of Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia and Singapore our primary focus remains productivity as we’ve invested in training, merchandising, store environments and systems creating a brand right experience. In Japan, during FY’14 we expect to open about five to ten net new locations most of them dedicated men’s stores. In total, we expect net square footage growth in Japan will increase by about 3% this year. As discussed in our release, in early July we completed the repurchase of our partners’50% interest in our European JV. In addition, also in July, we transitioned the two (inaudible) locations to our direct control. Therefore today, we operate 20 locations across the U.K, France, Ireland, Spain, Portugal and Germany.  As a reminder, Coach’s annual sales at retail in Europe are approximately $40 million with the vast majority represented by the stores that are now directly operated as retail businesses. As you know, Europe is a large market for women’s and men’s luxury accessories, representing about 20% of the global category sales. We believe the region have significant long-term potential for Coach, attracting both domestic shoppers and the international tourists. It’s important to note that was in bags and accessories accessible luxury is growing rapidly and as we have proven with our other directly operated businesses, we plan to play a leadership role in the development of this market segment.  Further, Coach’s heritage linked to New York fashion as appealing for many Europeans and creates a differentiated positioning compared to the traditional luxury brands. Moving forward, we expect to swiftly increase our distribution primarily to wholesale locations and key retail stores. All together, we expect to open approximately 70 wholesale and ten retail locations across the U.K and Europe in FY’14. Finally, beyond our directly owned international businesses, we have significant and growing distributor run businesses in other countries. We’re focusing on expanding through partners in these other regions. First, Latin America including Mexico, Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia, Panama, Chile and Peru. Second and other Asia-Pacific market such as Australia, Thailand and Indonesia and third in the Middle East. These are in addition to the significant global travel retail opportunity that Lew mentioned earlier and continues to exist for Coach as the brands recognitions continues to grow globally. I have just reviewed our strategies to drive growth while taking steps to streamline our fleet and maximize productivity in North America. At this time, I will turn it over to Jane Niel, our CFO for further details on our financials. Jane?
Jane Niel: Thanks, Victor. Lew and Victor have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our fourth quarter and fiscal year results. Our quarterly revenues increased 6% with North America up 6% and International up 7%. As noted, on a constant currency basis, revenues rose 9% overall, international sales up 17%. For the fiscal year, sales rose 7% totaling $5.08 billion with North America up 5% and International up 10%. On a constant currency basis, total sales rose 8% for the year with International sales up 15%. Excluding unusual items, net income for the quarter totaled $254 million, up 1% with earnings per diluted share of $0.89, up 3%. This compared to net income of $251 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.86 in the prior year's fourth quarter. For the quarter, operating income totaled $371 million essentially even with the year ago period on a non-GAAP basis while operating margin was 30.3% versus 32.1%. During the quarter, gross profit rose 6% to $892 million from $838 million reported a year ago, while gross margin was 73%, an increase of 40 basis points versus year ago primarily due to sourcing cost improvements. SG&A expenses, as a percentage of net sales, totaled 42.6% compared to the 40.5% reported in the year-ago quarter. For the full year FY '13, operating income totaled $1.58 billion on a non-GAAP basis, 2% above the $1.55 billion reported in the year-ago period. Also on a non-GAAP basis, operating margin was 31.1% versus 32.6% last year. During the year, gross profit rose 7% to $3.7 billion from $3.47 billion a year ago. The gross margin rate was 73%, up 20 basis points versus a year ago and in line with our guidance. SG&A expense as a percentage of net sales totaled 41.9% compared to 40.2% reported in fiscal FY ‘12. As I turn to GAAP metrics, let me recap the unusual items. In the second and fourth quarters of fiscal 2012, we recorded favorable tax settlements and made charitable contributions which precisely offset the benefit of the tax settlements to net income and earnings per share in both these periods. As noted in our press release, during the fourth quarter of FY '13 we recorded charges of $53 million for unusual items. These consisted primarily of corporate restructuring, severance related expenses, impairment charges related to retail stores, as well as the write-down of a small amount of inventory. These steps include a reduction in corporate staffing levels with an elimination of over 200 jobs globally. And in aggregate, these actions increased our SG&A expense by $48 million and cost of sales by $5 million in the period negatively impacting earnings by $33 million after tax or $0.11 per diluted share. Separately, as you saw in the press release this morning, we did announce that we’ve entered into a binding agreement to sell the Reed Krakoff to a group led by Reed. The sale was anticipated to close in the first quarter of FY ’14 and Reed will depart the company upon the sale of the business.  Including charges, net income for the fourth quarter totaled, $221million with earnings per diluted share of $0.78 bringing total year net income to $1.03 billion and earnings per share of $3.61. Taken together, these restructuring actions will streamline our business, drive efficiencies and leverage our technology in global capabilities. In addition, these savings will fund key initiatives related to our European acquisition and our transformation. Notably, an increase in marketing spend around brand development. Importantly, we believe they will have a one-year payback and result in savings of over $50 million annually.  Moving to the balance sheet. Inventory levels at quarter end were $525 million, up 4% from FY ’12 year end. Cash and short term investments stood at $1.1 billion, 24% above $917 million a year ago. During physical year 2013, we repurchased and retired over $7 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $56.61, spending a total of $400 million. At the end of the year, approximately $1.4 billion remained under the company’s current repurchase authorization. As noted last quarter, we increased our cash dividend by 13%, raising it to an annual rates of $1.35 per share, reflecting our commitment to return capital to shareholders, balance with our investment in growth of the business.  Net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter was $375 million compared to $283 million compared last year during Q4. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was an inflow of $293 million versus $210 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $81 million versus $73 million in the same quarter a year ago. For the full physical 2013, net cash from operating activities was $1.4 billion, compared to $1.2 billion a year ago. Free cash flow in fiscal ’13 was an inflow of $1.2 billion versus $1.0 billion in fiscal year ’12. Capital spending totaled $241 million for the year compared to $184 million in the prior year. It’s important to note that based on our current plans for FY ’14, we expect CapEx for the next year to be up in the area of $280 million, primarily due to new store openings and expansions across all our geographies elevating our store environments within our existing store and investments in the technology and infrastructure necessary to enable global expansion.  Consistent with our practice, over the past several years, we will not be giving specific guidance for FY ’14. As you know, we are focused on driving sustainable long term growth against the healthy and attractive brand propositions. The restructuring charges we reported today will allow us to align our resources for maximum impact, while effectively managing our expense ratio.  As you think about 2014, keep the following in mind. While we are enthusiastic about early iterations of our transition to a life style brand, which will begin to be seen during this holiday season, we recognize that a full reflection of this positioning is part of a multi-year journey. Therefore, we are not building in an improvement from the negative low single digit Q4 North American comp run rate into out FY ’14 plans at this time.  We expect to deliver mid-single digit sales growth in constant currency. Assuming the Yen at close to 100, this would equate to low-to-mid-single digit in dollars with currency another factor in the first half. Gross margin is projected at 71% to 72% for the year. The expected decline versus prior year primarily reflect currency notably the weaker yen, rising labor cost, especially in the second half, as well as inventory amortization from the JV acquisition in Coach Europe. SG&A expenses are expected to grow in line with sales. Increased investments in Europe, marketing and other brand transformation initiatives are expected to be funded by the restructuring actions. Taken together, we would expect operating margin to remain high at about 30%. And finally, our tax rate is expected to be in the area of 33% for the year. In terms of how the quarters layout, there will be puts and takes through the year. Looking at overall topline growth, the first half and especially the first quarter will be most impacted by the yen. Regarding our balance sheet, cash flow and capital allocation, we continue to have a strong balance sheet and very healthy operating free cash flow of over $1 billion annually. We will continue to prudently invest in the growth of our business, while also returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We expect that dividend growth over time will be at least in line with net income growth and that share repurchases will be executed opportunistically based on our outlook on the capital needs of the business and liquidity. Our current FY 2014 outlook reflects approximately $700 million in share repurchases, approximately equivalent to our prior three-year average. Most importantly, our long-term commitment to growth and shareholder value are unchanged. We have a business model that generates significant cash flow, and we’re in a position to invest in our brand while continuing to return capital to shareholders. I’d now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question today is from Bob Drbul with Barclays.
Bob Drbul - Barclays: Hi. Good morning.
Jane Nielsen: Good morning.
Bob Drbul - Barclays: I guess, Victor, I have a question for you. In terms of all of the management appointment and some of the departures this morning, is the team now complete? Are there any other major hirings that you think you need to do, how should we think about it from that perspective?
Victor Luis: Thanks Bob. I would say that certainly the majority of the team is complete, and you have heard this morning, it really is leveraging the very deep bench that we have. We are at the moment looking for and recruiting for a replacement for Jerry as COO and that is a major appointment outstanding.
Bob Drbul - Barclays: Okay. And then, I just have one follow-up question and it is, can you talk a little bit about the capital allocation, I mean, Jane, and whether the company would consider an acquisition at this point to drive growth?
Jane Nielsen: Sure, Bob. As I just said, our long-term and long-standing commitment is to growth and creating shareholder value. We’ve got a strong balance sheet and a great cash flow in our business, but our priorities for cash are first and foremost to invest in the growth of our business. Our strong ROIC and discipline in deploying capital creates significant value for our shareholders. I would say, secondly, we are open on a selective and opportunistic basis to making value creating acquisitions that would build platforms for long-term growth. We’d be open to a deal that would create leverage for our global infrastructure, our organization capabilities, and our operating strength. And then, finally, as always, we’re committed to returning capital to shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases. As we -- as I just mentioned, we’d expect our dividend to grow at least in line with net income growth, and we’ll execute share repurchases opportunistically this year expecting to return to that $700 million level where we’ve been for the last three years or so.
Bob Drbul - Barclays: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ike Boruchow with Sterne Agee.
Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee: Hello, you guys there?
Jane Nielsen: Yeah. Please go ahead.
Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee: Sorry about that. Thank you for taking my question. I guess my question is about the store streamlining -- the full-price store streamlining in the U.S., the sixteen doors you plan to close in North America this year. Are any of those doors losing money or is there anything specific about those locations, and maybe could you comment on the margin implications there as well as you streamline that part of the business?
Unidentified Participant: Okay, well the first, calling [stocks] (ph) from our fleet is routine, because populations might make people move. The second -- each of the stores that we selected are stores in catchment areas as where another Coach store is in immediate proximity, and these stores are – were at the bottom of our performance hurdle with only modest four wall contribution. 
Lew Frankfort: Yes, I just have one another comment on that. The stores that we closed were at the end of their lease, and so we chose opportunistically to close those stores at the end of a lease action.
Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee: It’s okay, great, and then a quick follow-up on -- could you maybe comment a little more on the wholesale opportunity that you mentioned here in North America, maybe how many doors -- how many US stores are you currently in, how many shop transformations have you identified, and maybe could you size that opportunity?
Lew Frankfort: Well, first for context, we are in about 1000 locations, and there are a substantial additional number of locations that we think are appropriate for Coach where our consumers shop. We’re contemplating opening about 100 additional locations this year. In terms of our wholesale business overall, it’s a very sharp focus for us, and we are looking to open about 20 shops or rather I should say where we’re renovating about 20 shops before the holiday and another 30 after Christmas. Beyond that, we’re moving to open case line where we have about, I believe about 20 locations today with open case line, and we’re moving to about 300 locations in open case line. We’re excited about the appointment of Jason Bunch, as noted. He has spearheaded the re-launch of our footwear, proven merchant, and very versatile up in that channel. So, overall we’re very enthusiastic, so when we talk about our case line, we’re moving to actually open sell from case line to be more precise. 
Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee: Okay, great. Good luck.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Due to the number of questions in the queue, we do ask that you limit your request to one question per request. The next question is from Oliver Chen with Citigroup. 
Oliver Chen - Citigroup: Hi, guys. Thanks. Regarding your plans and your stated plans to intensify North America and your performance in women’s handbags, could you just articulate your average unit retail strategy and where you feel comfortable with the price points in the future versus currently, and how that portfolio may evolve in terms of how that may impact overall AUR there, thanks?
Lew Frankfort : Sure, first for a context, when we talk about our women’s handbag and accessories business in North America, it should be noted that we’ve been challenged in the global portion of our business only. Our leather business is extremely healthy and robust. And as we move into this fiscal year as Victor mentioned both on the factory side and on the full price side, we’re focusing primarily on leather-based collections and CAPSULE is also going to provide us with an additional group of what we would call aspirational and more sophisticated products. Overall, our [AGT] is expected to be about the same, and the average handbag we’re looking to be slightly up in the neighborhood of $300, that’s somewhat higher.
Oliver Chen - Citigroup: Thank you. Good luck.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Schick with Stifel. Mr. Schick, please check your mute button.
David Schick - Stifel: Hi. Good morning. Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: Good morning, David.
David Schick - Stifel: I just wrapped up with the mute button on. Could you talk about the online trends both the business you’re seeing, any engagement -- any engagement stats that you’d care to share before and since the re-platforming that you’ve done? Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: Sure. Actually, we are just beginning our second month, so everything we say is based on pretty much the last 30 days, and we’re pleased with the improvements. We made changes in a variety of areas; first, we have moved to horizontal navigation. But we have elevated photography which does include on-figure handbag shops, stronger product pages, and the alike, and what we’re finding is an overall increase in demand. We do have a reduced bounce rate and improve conversion rate. And we are also finding that a greater portion of people are engaging with mobile and tablets just because it’s easier to navigate. So net-net, we’re very pleased, and as you know today that the digital world is more in a constant evolution.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA: Hi, everybody. Could you talk about -- actually on the digital subject, your digital efforts outside the United States and then elaborate a little bit on the travel retail opportunity? And then lastly, just could talk about the performance of footwear in stores that had product both in North America and Asia?
Lew Frankfort: Sure. How are you, Barbara? Thank you for your continued interest in our international business as we can always count on you. In terms of, first, I’ll start with your last section which is footwear. We have been very pleased with the initial rollout this past quarter here in North America, whereas I mentioned in our speakers’ notes, we’re seeing penetration really from the start of the launch at 12% compared to 7% last year. Some great news in further – a little bit more texture is that we’ve seen the AUR increase 20% year-over-year as we’ve move to much more of a fashion-based collection from traditional sneaker and moccasin-based business that we were in the past. So that points to really promising news moving forward. In addition, internationally, really the launch is taking place in the month of September as we’ve been gearing up with the international last, and so we’re really excited about that, some initial tests in Japan and in China in very select doors points to also very promising direction there, so we’re very excited. In terms of digital internationally; we have, as we’ve discussed in the past, a pretty robust business in Japan and that is one of our leading doors as it is here in North America, and we’re really leveraging a lot of the learnings that our North American digital team has been taking into the channel here and leveraging them in Japan quite effectively. As you know in China, very young business, we’re just about to comp our first year, and there we are very excited because we are seeing distribution, whereas today we have doors in 47 cities, we’re seeing distribution in I believe now over 110 cities. It is giving us very good indication of the opportunities outside of locations where we exist today. We are seeing a consumer that is a little bit more youthful, younger than the traditional consumer in our stores, and even seeing categories such as jewelry doing better online that we have not seen in our stores. So, a lot of learning that we are leveraging in the quarters ahead. I’m especially excited about a lot of the work that we’re doing internationally and engaging with the consumer through social media, whether it’s in Japan, Korea through Facebook where we’ve just started, and in China especially through Sina Weibo where we have consistently been the number one international fashion brand there approaching now 700,000 fans online, which is a very strong point of engagement between ourselves and our consumers. In terms of the international tourists, there is a lot of puts and takes there of course as our awareness grows globally. We begin to see different tourist opportunities. I would say that the most recent trends point of course to the continued very strong growth of the Chinese tourists, which is a very major part of our business now outside of Mainland, China, of course across Asia, here in the U.S and as well in our European capital flagships. We have seen a little bit of a downshift in the Japanese tourists. This is of course driven more by the impact of the yen as the Japanese consumer has decided to shop more at home, and now we’re seeing the most recent trends are very promising and pointing to increasing flows of tourists from Indonesia and Thailand where we are growing our businesses through very good domestic partners and slowly but surely beginning to see our Brazilian tourist business also pick up, especially in the Miami area and here in New York city.
Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA: Well, okay great thank you.
Operator: Next question is from Brian Tunick of JPMorgan.
Brian Tunick - JPMorgan: Thanks and good morning. 
Lew Frankfort : Good morning Brian. 
Brian Tunick - JPMorgan: Guys, just hoping we could tie back the negative comp guidance for the upcoming year with some of the comments you guys have been making about the enthusiasm around the product launches, you know the impact of comp on men’s and footwear, the increased marketing spend, so just hoping you guys could talk about what kind of comp maybe difference that you saw between the factory channel and full price, and are you expecting both channels to be negative low singles in the upcoming year, thanks very much. 
Lew Frankfort: Well first, Brian as you know, we do not disaggregate comps. We can tell you that the trends are similar in terms of improved conversion in both channels on (inaudible). The reality is that, we do see this as a multi-year journey, and while we’re very sensitive as to quarter-to-quarter trend, we’re taking the point of view that until we actually experience traction within our stores, we’re not going to forecast it and that’s our tradition. Anything else, Brian? 
Operator: Thank you, the next question is from Liz Dunn with Macquarie. 
Liz Dunn - Macquarie: Hi, thanks for taking my question. My question relates to sort of the North American stores plans, what is the optimal footprint that includes footwear, like how much square footage do you have to add to the stores and what else might your plans entail in moving from kind of what I think of as sort of pristine box, it’s very efficient at selling handbags to something that maybe drives the customer in a bit more, and keeps her engaged in the store and in the lifestyle? Thanks. 
Lew Frankfort: Well first, fortunately when we’re moving to a system where we will no longer need cash wraps, so we’re going to be able to eliminate cash wrap stations and use that additional space for productivity. And in terms of driving productivity in our stores, our overall footprint is adequate. What’s critical is for us to create more surprise, more moments, and more unexpected, and you are going to see as we move forward in which we’ve already begun within our stores a merchandising configuration that does encourage exploration, and we’ll tell a much more complete story on that, we believe, it’s going to resonate very well with consumers.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you all for joining us today on our conference call. As Jane noted, I’d now like to turn it back to the team for a few closing words.
Lew Frankfort: First, let me begin by saying that we’ve been doing this for a long time. We have a strong and seasoned management team and a strong bench. I know some of you are concerned. We do expect this to be a seamless transition, and we’re committed to delivering strong top and bottom line growth over our planning horizon. We have a great grand, we have excellent business equities, and we have an exceptional group of people working at Coach. So, as I’ve said before, stay tuned and have a good day everybody.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the Coach Earnings Conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick – Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Lew Frankfort – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Victor Luis – President and Chief Commercial Officer Jane Nielsen –Chief Financial Officer Michael Tucci – President, North American Group Jerry Strizske - President and COO  
Analysts: Bob Drbul - Barclays Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee Oliver Chen - Citigroup  Brian Tunick - JPMorgan  [Maureen Hutchinson] - Bank of America Liz Dunn - Macquarie  Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA Jennifer Davis - Lazard Capital Markets Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Antoine Belge - HSBC
Operator: Welcome to the Coach Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach’s Chairman and CEO; Victor Luis, President and Chief Commercial Officer; Jane Nielsen, CFO. Mike Tucci, North American Group President.  Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions.  Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends, or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our third fiscal quarter 2013 results. Mike Tucci will review North America, including some early reads on new programs in retail and wholesale. Victor Luis will discuss our progress on global growth initiatives, and Jane Nielsen will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter. Following that, we will hold a question and answer session where we will be joined by Jerry Strizske, our president and chief operating officer. The Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Lew will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I’d now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach’s chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Good morning. Thank you, Andrea, and welcome everyone. As noted in our press release, we were pleased with our solid third quarter results and the overall progress we made against our initiatives, including growing our international business, becoming a market leader in the men’s accessories category globally, and harnessing the power of the digital world. We also moved forward with our grand transformation, as we added to our creative leadership, building upon our strong team, and began to create a more robust lifestyle offering with the relaunch of footwear. Further, the announcement today of the increased dividend reflects our financial strength and our confidence in Coach’s future.  Separately, we also noted that Reed Krakoff does not intend to renew his contract, which expires in June 2014, to focus exclusively on his namesake brand. We are exploring strategic alternatives for the RK brand. Reed has been my creative partner for 16 years, and has been instrumental in the brand’s remarkable evolution and growth and we have great admiration and respect for Reed’s significant accomplishments. We’re also excited about the next chapter of our growth story, now underway as we transform Coach into a global lifestyle brand anchored in accessories. We have built a very strong creative team, and are now looking for a successor to lead it. While we will get into further detail about current conditions and the [outputs of] business shortly, as always, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some key financial highlights were, first, net sales totaled $1.19 billion versus $1.11 billion a year ago, an increase of 7%. On a constant currency basis, sales rose nearly 10%. Second, earnings per share totaled $0.84, up 10% from prior year.  Third, North American sales increased 7% to $792 million from $738 million last year, with direct sales up 8% on a 1% comparable store sales gain. And, fourth, international sales increased 6% to $382 million from $359 million last year, driven in part by a 40% gain in sales in China, with a continuation of double digit comps. On a constant currency basis, international sales were up 14%. Looking first at global distribution, during the quarter in North America we opened one retail location, closed five others, and opened two new factory men’s stores. This brought the total to 352 retail stores and 191 factory stores in North America at the end of the period. Moving on to China, during the quarter we opened one new location on the mainland, bringing the total number to 118 locations, including 100 on the mainland in 41 cities. Following our Asian distributor acquisitions over the last 21 months, we now directly operate 93 locations in Asia comprised of 49 in Korea, including one location we opened in the quarter, 27 in Taiwan, 10 in Malaysia, and 7 in Singapore.  And in Japan, we closed two locations, taking the total to 191 at the end of the quarter with 23 standalone full-price stores including 8 flagships, 121 shop and shops, 40 factory stores, and 7 distributor-operator wholesale locations.  Moving on to sales and productivity, starting in North America, our total revenues rose 7% for the quarter with our directly operated businesses up 8% on a 1% comparable store sales increase. In department stores, sales trends at POS were slightly above prior year, while shipments into this channel also rose slightly. Overall, we estimate that growth in the addressable women’s North American handbag and accessory category remained strong in the latest quarter, rising high single digits.  Moving on, international sales, which today represent about a third of Coach’s total sales, rose 6% in the third quarter or 14% on a constant currency basis, consistent with prior quarter. China sales rose about 40% from prior year, fueled by distribution and double digit same-store sales. Clearly, the Chinese consumer continues to embrace Coach as evidenced by these results as well as the increasing contribution of the Chinese tourist to our global sales and the extremely high repurchase intent among existing customers. Our other Asia direct businesses outside of China and Japan - Korea, Taiwan, Malaysia, and Singapore - also posted strong aggregate growth in the quarter. In total, they benefitted from the retail step up from the prior year from Malaysia and Korea. In addition, their combined POS sales also rose at a double digit rate. In Japan, sales were even with prior year, on a constant currency basis, while dollar sales declined 14%, reflecting the weaker yen.  Finally, I would like to touch on our international wholesale business where we experienced a modest decline in shipments while retail sales gains remained strong, driven primarily by distribution expansion. While Jane will get into more detail on our financials, I wanted to give you this recap. As Andrea said, Mike Tucci has joined us today to discuss our North American business and some of our initiatives going forward. Mike?
Michael Tucci: Thanks, Lew, and good morning. Lew has just given you a recap of the quarter. Let me provide some detail on North American performance, along with progress on our key initiatives. Most generally, we’re pleased with our business as our revenue in North America grew at 7% overall and 8% in direct channels.  Our in-store traffic trends improved from the holiday quarter, while conversion was similar to prior year and ticket was up. Our internet business remains strong, driven by significant traffic gains continuing to contribute to overall comps. In aggregate, our comp stores sales increase was driven by an increase in transactions, fueled by our online businesses while ticket was even with prior year. Looking at North America full price, and starting with handbags, Legacy and Madison remained our key collections in the March quarter, with new silhouettes introduced throughout the period. Two notable introductions were the Saffiano tote group and the limited launch of the Phoebe shoulder bag, both in March, and both well-received. We saw a continuation of trends favoring leather, where we were well-positioned, and the above $400 segment continued to perform well, at about 18% of handbags. Small bags also trended particularly well, which impacted mix, resulting in slightly lower average handbag retails.  Looking ahead, we’re excited about our fourth quarter product initiatives featuring the new Phoebe shoulder bag, which, as noted, launched at the end of March, and will be our featured style for Mother’s Day. Phoebe represents our latest innovative design direction, and has been a huge hit with consumers, immediately becoming a best-seller. For spring, Phoebe is offered in a beautiful new leather quality, which is soft and drapey, with sleek hardware details and sophisticated subtle branding.  Throughout the quarter, we have new on-trend colors coming into existing collections, and in June we’re looking forward to a new satchel and tote product launch targeted to our fashion-conscious consumers who appreciate pretty styling and feminine details.  One product opportunity that we’re particularly excited about is footwear. In March, we relaunched shoes in over 170 retail stores in North America, featuring great ballet flats, fashion wedges and heels, and on-trend sneakers. In a select number of flagship stores, we began to install shoe salons to showcase the new world of Coach, and made shoes a feature of our windows in over 75 locations. The response from consumers has been extremely positive as the business in these footwear locations went from about 3% to almost 12% of the business in five weeks, and has positively impacted productivity. Important to note is that we converted our past sneaker-focused business into a fashion business of key styles such as the Nadia loafer, the Nala heel, and the Dalia ballet slipper. Not only have we gotten great traction on these anchor styles, but almost every fashion style, whether it’s a wedge, a woven heel, or a strappy sandal, is selling well. Shoes have been featured in our print marketing campaigns online and in many editorial credits this season. Our emphasis on growing this category will continue to build as we head into fall and include more dominant fashion footwear assortments in our wholesale locations as well. We will continue to focus on building our key items, evolving our mix, and growing both AURs and overall penetration levels. Shifting to ecommerce, online business was strong again this quarter, with sales and traffic growing at a double digit pace through Coach.com and EFS, our factory site. In addition, we’re seeing an increasing percentage of sales and traffic coming from mobile. Clearly this trend is representative of our consumers’ shopping behaviors in this growing, digitally enabled environment, and is consistent with our increased emphasis on digital, through our own website, digital advertising, and social media. Our strategic intent is to rapidly drive further innovation in this channel.  We also remain really excited about the results we’re achieving in our men’s business, which is on track to grow about 50% globally this year to over $600 million. We’re experiencing success in men’s across all concepts and store types, and across all geographies and channels. In North America, men’s is driving productivity in existing stores, and also represents a substantial new distribution opportunity. I’d also like to provide a brief update on our wholesale business. We are focused on improving our performance here, with an emphasis on growing our leather handbag and accessories business, taking advantage of our auto-replenishment program, and we’ll begin execution of our shop renovation and [case line] transformation during this quarter, with significant rollout in fiscal year ’14. In summary, we’ll continue to drive our women’s business through fashion innovation and broadening the expression of the brand through lifestyle categories. We will leverage the opportunity in men’s and evolve our store individual concepts to provide a brand-right shopping experience for our consumer, wherever she chooses to shop. With that, I’ll turn it over to Victor for a discussion of our strategies and further opportunities for growth.
Victor Luis: Thanks, Mike. Last quarter we talked about our brand transformation into a global lifestyle brand anchored in accessories. As we build out our strategic plan, we’re focusing on three key elements: product, stores, and marketing. To this end, over the last quarter, we made several important hires to strengthen our team and enhance the Coach experience, including Sandra Hill, EVP of women’s design, with responsibility over all women’s products; Zach Augustine, as EVP, global environments, who is leading initiatives across visual merchandising, architecture, and all in-store creative development; Erin Thompson, as VP, artistic director of global environments, reporting to Zach and overseeing all creative developments for windows, in-store merchandising, showrooms, and events. Sandra, Zach, and Erin joined a strong creative team in place, including Jeffrey Uhl, our SVP of men’s design, who has been leading the creative direction for all of men’s categories for both full price and factory: Javan Bunch, SVP of licensing, who is spearheading the relaunch of our footwear, and Maria Turgeon, who was recently promoted to a newly created role of SVP, women’s factory, and whose new designs will be arriving in stores later this spring and summer.  The creative team now in place is focused on developing and presenting a full head to toe expression of the Coach woman and man, including a focused ready to wear presentation to inspire our customers with a complete Coach point of view that is relevant to how she lives her life. Over the next few quarters, the level of innovation across product categories will increase as we continue to add emotion to our offering and greater fashion credibility and relevance to the brand.  Moving on to our distribution update, as our plans haven’t changed materially, I’ll be brief. Our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 10-11% in FY13. In North America, we expect to open a few stores in the fourth quarter in addition to the 20 net openings in the first half, taking us to about 22 net stores for the year. In total, square footage will increase about 10%.  Turning to international, and starting with China, as you know we expect to open about 30 new stores this year, or at least another seven in the fourth quarter, bringing the total to about 125 locations at the end of the year. All of these openings are planned to be dual-gender stores, due to the size of the men’s opportunity. In total, square footage in China is expected to grow about 35%, and we now expect sales to total about $425 million, up from our previous guidance of at least $400 million, an increase of nearly 40% driven both by distribution and comparable location sales.  In terms of our other Asian direct markets, our primary focus continues to be driving improved productivity, rather than new distribution, as we continue to invest in training, merchandising, store environments, and systems, creating a brand-right experience.  In Japan, we will open seven additional locations in the fourth quarter, taking the total to 11 net new locations in FY13, most of them dedicated men’s stores. Earlier this month, we opened our ninth Japan flagship on Omotesando, which is, after Ginza, the second most important tourist shopping destination in Tokyo.  In total, we expect that net square footage growth will increase by about 10% this year, compared to about 5% in FY12. And, consistent with our strategy of directly operating select international markets, we are pleased to announce the purchase of our partner’s 50% interest in our European JV, with the transaction expected to close in July. Today, through the JV, we are operating 18 locations in the U.K. and Continental Europe. As you know, Europe is a large market for women’s and men’s luxury accessories, representing about 25% of the global category sales. Coach’s heritage, linked to New York fashion, is appealing for many Europeans, and creates a differentiated positioning compared to the traditional luxury brands. In addition, we believe the region has significant long term potential, attracting both domestic shoppers and the international tourists. Finally, beyond our directly owned international businesses, we have significant and growing distributor-run businesses in other countries. We are focusing on expanding through partners in three other regions. First, Latin America, including Mexico, Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia, Panama, Chile, and Peru. Second, other Asia-Pacific markets such as Australia, Thailand, and Indonesia, and third, in the Middle East. These are an addition to the significant global travel retail opportunity that continues to exist for Coach as the brand’s recognition continues to grow globally. We’ve just reviewed our strategies, built upon our strong brand and business equities. Over the long term, we have significant runway ahead of us. At this time, I will turn it over to Jane Nielsen, our CFO, for further detail on our financials and investment plans. Jane?
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Victor. Lew, Mike, and Victor have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our third quarter results.  Our quarterly revenues increased 7%, with North America up 7% and international up 6%. As noted, the weakening yen reduced sales growth, so in constant currency, revenues rose 10% overall, with international sales up 14%. Net income for the quarter totaled $239 million, up 6%, with earnings per diluted share of $0.84, up 10%. This compared to net income of $225 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.77 in the prior year’s third quarter. For the first nine months, net sales were $3.85 billion, up 7% from the $3.61 billion reported in the first nine months of fiscal 2012. Net income totaled $813 million, up 3% from the $787 million reported a year ago, while earnings per share rose 6% to $2.84 from $2.67.  Our tax rate for the quarter was 31.3%, taking our year to date rate to the current run rate of 32.4%. The lower than expected tax rate for FY13 is a function of the favorable mix in our countries.  For the third quarter, our operating income totaled $348 million, 3% above the $337 million reported last year on a GAAP basis, while operating margin was 29.3% versus 30.4%. During this quarter, gross profit totaled $880 million versus $818 million a year ago, an increase of 8%. The gross margin rate was 74.1%, up 35 basis points from last year. As expected, our expense ratio in Q3 totaled 44.8%, compared to the 43.3% reported in the year ago quarter, reflecting the acquisition of distributors made earlier this fiscal year. Even including these investments, we were able to gain leverage to EPS.  Moving on to the balance sheet, inventory levels at the end of the quarter were $560 million, 9% above the $475 million reported at the end of last year’s Q3 and more in line with sales growth.  Before turning to the cash flow statement, I’d like to provide some details about our new corporate headquarters, originally announced in November of 2011. We entered into a joint venture agreement with [Related] to develop our new worldwide corporate headquarters in Manhattan in the Hudson Yards district. Our new headquarters will allow our business units to operate under one roof, reflecting the collaborative way in which we work today. As detailed in our 8-K filing earlier this month, we expect to invest approximately $750 million over the next three years, or $620 million net of the proceeds from the sale of our current building. This year, our cash outlay will be between $130 million and $160 million, depending on the progress in construction. Of this, $30 million of capex was already included in the company’s guidance. The balance is treated as an investment in our joint venture with related. Moving back to the third quarter financials, cash and short-term investments stood at $928 million, as compared with $930 million a year ago. During the first nine months, we repurchased and retired just over 7 million shares of common stock at an average price of $56.63, spending a total of $400 million. We did not repurchase any shares in the third quarter, and therefore, at the end of the quarter, about 1.4 billion still remained on our current repurchase authorization.  As noted, we increased our cash dividends by 13%, raising it to an annual rate of $1.35 per share, reflecting our commitment to return capital to shareholders balanced with our investment in the growth of the business. Net cash from operating activities in the third quarter was $209 million compared to $103 million last year during Q3. Free cash flow in the third quarter was an inflow of $167 million versus $61 million in the same period last year.  Our capex spending was $43 million versus $41 million in the same quarter a year ago. We continue to expect that capex this year will be in the area of $250 million, primarily due to new store openings and expansions across all geographies, elevating our store environment, and investments in the technology and infrastructure necessary to enable global expansion. As noted, this included the $30 million of capex associated with the new headquarters.  Looking ahead, we’re mindful of balancing the impact of the still-muted global consumer environment and challenging market dynamics in North America with our continued optimism around men’s and the strong international expansion opportunities for Coach. We also recognize the yen will be an accelerating headwind. Therefore, the second half operating outlook provided on the January call remains the same.  First, and most generally, we expect to achieve high single-digit second half sales growth, with North America fourth quarter comps about even with prior year, impacted by the Easter shift into March.  Second, our second half gross margin is planned to improve modestly on a year over year basis, as channel mix and our sourcing initiatives continue to contribute to profitability. On balance, we continue to expect gross margin to remain high at about 73% for the year. Third, on SG&A, as we’ve noted previously, international acquisitions alone will cause our expenses to rise about 150 basis points for the year. Fourth, therefore, taken together, we still expect an annual operating margin of about 31%, with compression from the prior year as a result of our investments.  Notably, we expect our core businesses to continue to deliver leverage to EPS. At the same time, given our international mix, we are changing our guidance and now project our tax rate is likely to be in the area of 32.5% for the year.  As is our practice, we look forward to providing you with initial FY14 guidance when we report our fourth quarter results in late July. At that time, we will also share our expectations for growth over our planning horizon as we continue to refine the roadmap for our brand transformation. Importantly, we have the financial strength and the brand vibrancy to capitalize on the opportunities ahead.  I’d now like to open it up to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] Our first question today is from Bob Drbul with Barclays.
Bob Drbul - Barclays : I have two questions, actually. The first one is Lew, can you talk about how you are feeling around the creative team in place, and the ability to implement the brand transformation? And the second question I have is you mentioned some details around the innovation in handbags. Can you just elaborate a little bit more exactly how the team is positioned to expand and create more innovation in the category over the coming quarters?
Lew Frankfort : Sure. First, as I mentioned earlier, we do have a very strong creative team in place, where we expect it to transition will be seamless. One of the excellent aspects of where we are today is that our entire creative and business team is aligned on the transformational strategies that are underway. We are also very focused on what we need to do from a focus and pacing perspective. And we’re confident that we’re going to be able to continue to move forward as we have. Victor and I have been working very closely with Reed to spearhead the transition and everyone is up to speed. In terms of our focus, as we said earlier, we began with men’s. We relaunched footwear. And the initial results are extremely satisfying. We are moving forward to launch a head-to-toe capsule group that will be anchored in accessories, which bridges to innovation in handbags. One of the opportunities for Coach is to offer a more sophisticated, tailored look that will appeal to consumers who are both in our franchise as well as to our new consumers, and we will begin to see some of these styles during our holiday quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger of Morgan Stanley.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley :  I’m wondering, can you talk to us about your assessment of the store opportunities over the medium term in both the North American and Japanese markets? And specifically, regarding Japan, can you talk to us about any hedging activities that you may or may not engage in with the yen falling, or if there’s any expectations of price adjustments in that market, just given what we’re seeing with the weakening yen?
Lew Frankfort : Jane, why don’t you take the second part first?
Jane Nielsen: Sure, why don’t I take the hedge aspect of the question? We actively hedge, overall, for transactions, so that we minimize the impact to cost of goods sold by hedging in a layered fashion every quarter so that we are protected about three quarters out to a substantial degree. We’ll continue that practice. Really, our objective is to smooth the impact of the yen on our costs over time. And we’ve been able to successfully do that this year and we’ll continue to practice layered hedging as we move forward. 
Michael Tucci: Kimberly, just to clarify, are you curious in North America about, when you say store activity, is that a distribution-related question?
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley : Mike, just in terms of store count, are you getting to the point where you’re ready to slow down the new store growth? Or are there still pockets like, for example, men’s factory outlet stores, that you’re looking to continue growing, both in the mature U.S. market and the mature Japanese market?
Michael Tucci : Thank you, that’s helpful. Let me take full price first, where there’s an interesting inflection happening in full price today, where we have a significant amount of leasing activity happening around leases that are coming due, which provides us an opportunity for repositioning, looking at market penetration, and potential downsizing of stores in select markets. In addition, we have significant lease rights built in, which allow us to take action, and on a select basis, underperforming stores.  On the opposite end of that is an intense focus around our top 100 locations in North America, including wholesale, for repositioning, replatforming, supporting our business from a transformation standpoint. So in full price, it’s a combination of some pruning and what I would call market analysis, and then really focusing on top stores for maximum positioning and competitive positioning to support the transformation. On the factory side, frankly there’s a lot of development happening. There’s an enormous amount of new development and there we’re focused on select new market entries and new store entry, as well as maximizing the men’s opportunity with some repositioning in smaller stores. I think we’ll give you a lot of detail on that when we talk about our longer term strategy in the fourth quarter call.
Lew Frankfort : And Kimberly, just on Japan, quite a similar story in the sense that there is very little development taking place in full price. Indeed, most of luxury full price distribution is through the department store channel, which is not growing, and has in fact been contracting for over a decade. Our focus there is on men’s distribution. Given the department store distribution, our handbag distribution tends to be in women’s spaces, so we have been selectively adding men’s location in buildings where we already exist, leveraging the management talent and infrastructure in place. In terms of factory distribution, the market is pretty much saturated and mature. There will be some select closings and openings as we evolve, but we see our focus really being on current distribution, remodeling, and continuing to drive the brand transformation through innovation in the space that we’re in.
Operator: Our next question is from Ike Boruchow with Sterne Agee. 
Ike Boruchow - Sterne Agee:   
Operator: I wanted to ask about your thought process on the current pricing architecture at both full price and factory in North America. There was a lot of buzz going around the past month or two as it looked like your factory couponing was much deeper than it was last year. Yet your gross margins in the quarter were very healthy. So are you price engineering for these discounts? Or is there something else there? How should we kind of think about that?
Michael Tucci : That’s a good question. There was a lot of chatter about that. There’s a lot to it. One, it’s critical to note that we have to separate some of the tactical things we do in stores and in our marketing to drive engagement, and to drive conversion with the net margin impact.  And all of our promotional strategies are built with the assortment when we set our assortments almost a year in advance, with a number of options against how we want to play it. And so we’ve gone from some discounting activity on total transactions, to a targeted promotional campaign on handbags, which had an incredible impact on mix and ticket within the factory channel. And we’ll continue to work it.  What we’ve found is that the factory channel expects promotional value, and we are working to nuance that and play that in the most effective way that we can. The most important thing we can do is continue to focus on innovation there and in full price, and to deliver compelling products. And that offers us the most pricing flexibility going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Oliver Chen with Citigroup. And as a reminder, one question, one follow up question, please.
Oliver Chen - Citigroup :  Could you update us on the competitive environment, what you’re seeing in the marketplace with respect to the heightening or the latest [spots] there? Also, we’re pretty excited about the transition of watches to the fashion category. Do you expect that your floor space commitment will increase for that category? It feels like your press release speaks a lot to the evolution of how you think about head to toe in store. So if you could just preview for us how we should think about the engineering of the floor space in regard to the transition, that would be helpful.
Lew Frankfort : First, in terms of competition, we’d rather focus on the category dynamics in terms of size. And as I indicated earlier, the category grew high single-digits. It’s extremely vibrant, and we’re participating in that growth. And of course we need to look at our business globally and we also need to look at our men’s business. And I think the results speak for themselves. Relative to watches, you’re correct. We did make a strategic decision to shift watches to the much more dynamic fashion area within department stores. And as part of that change, we are also evolving our assortment holistically so that we can offer more compelling, relevant fashion at good price points.
Oliver Chen - Citigroup : And a follow up on Europe, that sounds quite constructive. It’s been not the easiest market for U.S. luxury and accessible luxury brands to penetrate. Are there product strategies and marketing strategies that you’re undertaking in order to maximize your opportunity for success in that market?
Victor Luis: Sure, let me touch on that. We believe that the transformation that is going underway, and that we’re executing at the moment plays right into the European consumer needs in providing a head to toe look that is relevant in today’s fashion.  I would just remind us that the European market is a large one, approximately 20% of the global premium market at $6.5 billion or so. As I mentioned, today we have these 18 locations that were taken back from the JV, and we’re very excited to bring them in house. And as we have shown in the past with all of our buybacks, we’ve executed effectively and are looking forward to bringing those businesses under our leadership.
Operator: As a reminder, please limit yourself to one question. Our next question is from Brian Tunick with JPMorgan.
Brian Tunick - JPMorgan : First, for Jane, maybe if you could just help us out on thinking about the SG&A dilution from the distributors this year. I think you’ve continued to say 150 basis points. So I was just wondering how should we be thinking about that dilution as you lap it? And does the U.K. acquisition you guys talked about now impact the timing? How much should we potentially expect to see next year?  And then the second question, maybe if Lew wants to talk about it, we’ve had a lot of questions from investors on the balance sheet, and we’re just wondering, you know, as you talk about your capex needs, can you maybe talk about your thoughts on the minimum cash position? And as you move the company into more of a lifestyle brand, does that open up your thoughts to potentially buying versus building any skill sets the company currently doesn’t have? 
Jane Nielsen : Why don’t I start, just in terms of the dilution in SG&A. We’ve called out the 150 basis point impact to our SG&A margin. So as you think about, we took on our acquisitions. We had them evenly spaced throughout the quarter.  So it’s been about $100 million over the four quarters, evenly paced through the four quarters. It was more or less dilutive, depending on the size of the quarter, but the actual dollars paced out about the same, as we moved through the quarter. So as we come out of fiscal year ’13, that SG&A that was a pick up from the Asian distributor acquisition will be in our base, and you should start to see a normalization of growth rates into SG&A.  The transaction in Europe, we’ll get back to you in the fourth quarter with more specific announcements as to impact, in conjunction with our FY14 guidance. It’s at $40 million in POS. It’s smaller than our Asia distributor acquisitions, but we will take on SG&A as we take on the European JV.
Lew Frankfort : With regard to your question around volume versus building skill sets, first, we do have a very seasoned and strong team. Our bench, both on the creative side, as well as on the retail and operating side, has experience across all of the categories that we’re in today. And in fact, we have experienced, even at POS, in most of everything that we plan to launch in holiday, our focus, it’s really on augmenting our leadership team with key significant hires, which Victor mentioned earlier in the call.
Operator: Our next question is from [Maureen Hutchinson] with Bank of America.
[Maureen Hutchinson] - Bank of America: Can you comment on traffic and ticket trends in full line and factory? And also, have you gotten the mix of logo to where you wanted it?
Michael Tucci: The logo opportunity for us continues to evolve. We had a tremendous quarter in leather. The logo trends were probably at their lowest level, and we think that’s a good thing longer term, as we begin to lap that, particularly as we go into next season. I feel very good from a positioning standpoint about our balance between logo and leather. And I think going forward the opportunity is to [distort] leather further.  In terms of traffic, what we said was, and please be mindful that we don’t disaggregate metrics in detail, we did see some sequential improvement from the holiday quarter. And one thing I want to note, and I feel good about this, we’re seeing a very strong performance in our stores, both full price and factory, around key holidays.  So we saw it coming out of the Christmas period, the holidays that fell into January. We saw a very strong performance around Chinese New Year and President’s Day, Easter as well. I think that bodes well for us for Mother’s Day, which is the single biggest holiday period in our stores other than Christmas. And it’s just a few weeks away. So we want to continue to focus on maximizing opportunities around our biggest traffic periods, and hopefully that will continue to help drive productivity.
Operator: Our next question is from Liz Dunn with Macquarie.
Liz Dunn - Macquarie :  My question is regarding the footwear business. Can you just talk about how that business will build in your direct channel over the next couple of quarters? And how that should impact the margin structure, both in the near term and longer term? And then as a follow up to I think it was Brian’s question, would you ever consider specifically buying the footwear business back in?
Michael Tucci: In terms of of positioning, footwear, we’re just getting started on it. To get some scope on this, I believe that footwear represents the single largest opportunity that we have in front of us in women’s. It reminds me a little bit of the early days when we started with our men’s strategy.  We’re focused today on setting the assortments, positioning the assortments properly in terms of size of assortment and offer and pricing. We feel good about our store count in North America at about 175 stores. We’re beginning to dabble with the idea of what footwear might look like in the factory channel, and you’ll see us play there in future.  And I actually believe that from an assortment and positioning standpoint, the fall assortment that we launch is truly stronger than what we have today. It’s an assortment that was built with more time, with Javan and our design team, and we will have the benefit of further in-store execution, [unintelligible] wrap removal, mobile POS, [seeding], presentation, and most importantly, more time with selling confidence and service as we launch that.  So early days. We’re committed to it. And we’ll continue to focus on it as a growth category.
Lew Frankfort : With regard to our margin structure, we don’t believe that our overall margin will change materially from growth in our footwear business. We do believe it will help grow the overall business, and grow overall profitability. With regard to future plans, we have a great partnership with our licensing partner and our contract doesn’t expire for another two years.
Operator: The next question is from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA. 
Barbara Wyckoff - CLSA:  Can you talk about the key drivers in men’s? I always think about wallets and belts, but can you talk about the balance with bags, briefcases, totes, outerwear? How much are those categories as a percentage to the total? And how big could this business be over the next, say, three to five years?
Victor Luis: The business, we believe, in the medium term, is a billion dollar global opportunity. And the shifts that we’re seeing globally is the growth in the bag business. It’s slightly different, of course, by market, in terms of attitude, but we are also seeing a very strong trend in certain key locations in our outerwear and our team is also today developing other categories more fully. Of course, there’s opportunity in tech, small gifts, the holiday season, but in the quarters ahead we will also be looking at the footwear opportunity, just as we are in the women’s space. 
Operator: The next question is from Jennifer Davis with Lazard Capital Markets. 
Jennifer Davis - Lazard Capital Markets:  First question and then a follow up. How much time has Reed spent, I guess in the last year or so, on the Coach brand versus his own brand, or his own line? And then could you talk a little bit about the talent underneath him?  And then a follow up, I guess, on apparel. Just wondering, what should we expect in the holiday quarter? Should we expect about a rack out there in the stores? A couple of racks? Are you planning on putting dressing rooms in the stores that are going to be a relatively small piece of the total?
Lew Frankfort : Reed has been careful to balance his time, so that both Coach and RK can benefit from his considerable talents. A good part of Reed’s effort and my efforts, and more recently Victor’s, has been to forge a creative team that can work collaboratively and who are empowered, and we have been working very closely with that team and do believe, as I said earlier, that we’re in a very strong position to move forward without any disruption. Relative to ready to wear, I think the context you really need to think about is that we’re not looking to sell tops and bottoms. This is not a full launch into ready to wear. This is a very careful, methodical approach to create a story of who the Coach woman is.  And our intention in all of our lead stores is to provide a capital group of ready to wear with our outerwear, and it’s going to be a tiered structure. There will be a small number of stores that will carry ready to wear, who have dressing rooms. We are contemplating adding a small number of dressing rooms.  A much larger number of stores will be carrying key iconic items, led by accessories, shoes, bags, outerwear. And in China, there’s an opportunity that’s much larger, where we already have outerwear representing over 20% of our sales in key stores. 
Operator: The next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group :  Lew, as you think about the talent that remains to be added, characteristics that you’re seeking in the successor to Reed, given that it’s a different place and time now from what the business was 16 years ago? And then also, as you see the men’s opportunity, margin performance in the U.S. and China, is it where you wanted it to be now? And how do you see it moving forward?
Lew Frankfort : With regard to the second part of your question, did you say margin performance?
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group : Yes, exactly.
Lew Frankfort : On margin, it’s exactly where we would like it to be. Men’s is at parity with women’s. In terms of Reed’s successor, obviously, as you say, it’s a different point in time. We’re early in our search. We are looking for someone who will be able to oversee the global men’s and women’s design effort and help to spearhead our creative functions. But again, depending on the person that we find, we’ll adjust the organizational structure. We are, of course, looking for someone who is highly collaborative, who works across different channels, different geographies, who will be partnering with our very strong team. 
Operator: The next question is from Antoine Belge with HSBC.
Antoine Belge - HSBC: Just one question on China. Can you maybe provide a little bit of color about the most recent trend there [unintelligible] some of your European competitors have been experiencing a slowdown there’s. Are you benefitting from that? And are you actually targeting a different customer base for the time being?
Michael Tucci : I would say that as you have heard, we’ve seen really no visible change in our trend. We continue to be focused on our distribution growth as well as driving efficiency in our stores. We have a very experienced and increasingly seasoned team on the ground. And we’re very, very pleased with the repurchase intent that we’re seeing with consumers.  Our strategy is obviously very different than the traditional European luxury brands who are much more focused on exclusivity. Coach is much more focused on being a selective brand and we believe the opportunity is tremendous, and being in only today 41 cities, out of what the Economic Intelligence Unit is telling us is 210 cities with a population of a million or more, in most recent data, gives us a tremendous confidence on the opportunity that lies ahead. We truly believe it is still very much boundless. And of course, we’re seeing tremendous benefits from our investments in China, not only in China, but indeed in almost every single market where we have retail today. The impact of these Chinese consumers, and the Chinese tourist, is a growing one.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the call back over to Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you all for joining us today. Now I’d like to turn it back to Lew for some closing comments. Lew?
Lew Frankfort : Obviously there’s a lot going on here at Coach. I think you heard a lot of enthusiasm from myself and our team. We are at an exciting juncture. We’re galvanized towards what we need to do, and we’re very enthusiastic about our long term opportunities. So I wish you all a good day. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-01-23 08:30:00) =====
:
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick – Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Lew Frankfort – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael Tucci – President, North American Group Jane Nielsen – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Victor Luis – President, International Group
Analysts: Bob Scott Drbul – Barclays Capital, Inc. Kimberly Greenberger – Morgan Stanley Brian Tunick – JPMorgan Erika Maschmeyer – Robert W. Baird Alvin Cooperman – Wells Fargo & Company Chloe Wayne – ISI Group Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group Antoine Belge – HSBC Laura Champine – Canaccord Genuity Jennifer Davis – Lazard Capital Markets Oliver Chen – Citigroup
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you, Wendy. Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach’s Chairman and CEO; and Jane Nielsen, Coach’s CFO. Mike Tucci, North American Group President is also joining us for a holiday review. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal year. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends, or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2013 results and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives. Mike Tucci will review our key programs for the holiday season. Jane Nielsen will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter. Following that, we will hold a Q&A session, where we will be joined by Victor Luis, International Group President; and Jerry Stritzke, our President and Chief Operating Officer. The Q&A session will end shortly before 9.30 am. Lew will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I’d now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach’s Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Good morning. Thanks, Andrea, and welcome everyone. As noted in our press release, we were pleased with the overall progress we made against our strategic initiatives, aggressively growing our international business, becoming a market leader in the Men’s accessories category globally and harnessing the power of the digital world. And in aggregate, we posted modest though highly profitable growth. However, we were clearly disappointed in our North American performance notably in women’s where results were below expectations. The two overarching issues which impacted results, first was the muted consumer environment in the U.S. with a fiscal cliff uncertainty weighing on shoppers and a slow recovery from Hurricane Sandy in the Tri-State area. Second was intensified competition and heightened promotional activity in the women’s bag and accessory category, especially in the weeks leading up to Christmas. Importantly, we maintained our pricing strategies, protecting our brand proposition. While we will get into further detail at our current conditions and the outlook for our business shortly, along with specific strategies underway to address the North American market, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some key financials were, first, net sales totaled $1.50 billion versus $1.45 billion a year ago, an increase of 4%. Currency negatively impacted total sales by about 1%. Second, earnings per share totaled $1.23, up 5% from prior year. Third, North American sales increased 1% to $1.08 billion from $1.07 billion last year with direct sales up 2% on a 2% comparable store sales decline. And fourth, international sales increased 12% to $411 million from $368 million last year, driven in part by a 40% gain in sales in China with a continuation of double-digit comps. Looking first at global distribution, during the quarter, we opened two retail locations, including the first company operated concession in North America at Macy’s Herald Square, as well as 15 factory stores including four Men’s factory stores. This brought the total to 356 retail stores and a 189 factory stores in North America at the end of the period. Moving on to China, during the quarter, we opened 13 new locations on the mainland, bringing the total number to 117 locations including 99 on the mainland in 40 cities and we just celebrated our 100th store opening last week. In the wake of our Asian distributor acquisitions over the last 18 months, we now directly operate 92 locations in Asia comprised of seven in Singapore, 10 in Malaysia, 27 in Taiwan, and 48 in Korea. We do not have any openings in these markets during the last quarter. And in Japan, five dept stores were opened. At quarter-end, there were 193 total locations in Japan with 24 standalone full priced stores including eight flagships, 122 shop-in-shop, 40 factory stores, and seven distributor operated wholesale locations. Moving on to sales and productivity and starting in North America, our total revenues in North America rose 1% for the quarter with our directly operated businesses up 2% on the 2% comparable store sales decline. Overall trends in both retail and outlet malls in the U.S. shorten over the period impacted by macro concerns and Hurricane Sandy. For Coach, traffic trends in-store also weakened, while conversion and average transaction size was similar to prior year. Our Internet business remained strong, driven by significant traffic gains continuing to contribute to overall comp. In department stores, sales trends at POS were modestly below prior year, while shipments into this channel declined. Overall, we estimate that growth in the addressable women’s North American handbag and accessory category remain strong in the holiday quarter rising about 10%. Moving on international sales, which today represent nearly one-third of Coach total sales rose 12% in the second quarter. As mentioned the China sales rose about 40% from the prior year. This sales growth was fueled by distribution and double-digit same-store sales growth. Clearly, the Chinese consumer has embraced Coach, as evidenced by these results, as well as the increasing contribution of the Chinese stores to have a global sales and the extremely high repurchase intent among existing consumers. Our other Asia direct businesses outside of China and Japan, Singapore, Taiwan, Malaysia and Korea also posted strong aggregate growth in the quarter. In part, these countries benefited from the retail step-up from prior year, except for Singapore, which was purchased at the beginning of last fiscal year. In addition, their combined POS sales also rose at a double-digit rate. In Japan, we posted a 2% decrease in constant currency, while sales in dollars were down 7% from prior year reflecting the weaker yen. Finally, I would like to touch on our international wholesale business, where we experienced a modest decline in shipments, but retail sales gains were strong primarily driven by distribution expansion. While Jane will get into more detail on our financials, and I will discuss our outlook in some detail shortly, I wanted to give you this recap. Mike Tucci has joined us today to discuss our North American retail business and some of our initiatives going forward. Mike?
Michael Tucci: Thanks, Lew, and good morning. Lew has just given you a recap of the quarter, noting the traffic challenges in North America continued through the season in both retail and factory malls in general, and for us specifically impacting our in-store business. Our online business performance remained strong and the success of Men’s was a bright spot as well. First, let me start with full price Women’s handbags. Legacy and Madison were our lead connections for holiday with new silhouettes introduced throughout the quarter. Penetrations for these collections matched our international expectations, but in the context of a weaker than expected business, handbag comp declined. We did, however, maintain average unit retails in handbag and overall transaction size rose in our full priced channel. There were number of key takeaways during the quarter. First, leather handbags continue to be strong, while logo and mix materials underperformed. We saw strength in the over $400 handbag assortment, which validates the larger opportunity at higher price points. Tech accessories were very successful including our new iPhone covers, which we’ll be expanding going forward. Looking ahead, we’re excited about our spring product initiatives including updates in January in Madison such as the Candace Carryall, as well as newness in legacy with Perforated Leather novelty offered in our key silhouettes and new styles in Mini Tanner. We also launched our newest fragrance Love and a Mini Boyfriend Watch, which is a smaller size of our best selling Boyfriend collection, and already being embraced by consumers. In February, we introduced the new legacy Courtenay Hobo and Romy flat, both styles featuring our iconic Turnlock closure. In March, we launched the powerful new (inaudible). Our color palette is on trend for the season with mint robin’s egg blue, lemon, bright coral and new neutrals. As of last Friday, all of our stores have transitioned fully to spring. One product opportunity that we’re particularly excited about is footwear. In March, we will be relaunching shoes in about a 170 retail stores, featuring great belly flat, fashion wedges and heels and on-trend sneakers. And in a select number of flagship stores who have begin to install shoe salon to showcase the new world of Coach footwear. Shifting to e-commerce, online business was strong for holiday with sales in traffic growing at a double-digit pace through coach.com and eFS, our factory site. In addition, we are seeing an increasing percentage of sales in traffic coming from mobile. Clearly, this trend is representative of our consumer shopping behaviors in this growing digitally-enabled environment and is consistent with our increased emphasis on digital, both to our own website and social media. Our intend is to rapidly drive further innovation in this channel. We’re also really excited about the results we are achieving in our Men’s business, which is on track to grow about 50% globally this year to over $600 million. We have experienced success in Men’s across all concepts and store types and across all geographies and channels. In North America, Men’s is driving productivity in existing stores and also represents a substantial new distribution opportunity. In our press release today, Lew noted that we are implementing a number of strategies and actions to enhance and present a broader lifestyle expression of Coach to our consumers. As part of this brand building initiative, we elevated our store environments in both full pricing factory stores, telling a more complete story. We’ve experienced excellent customer response to new retail concepts such as our remodel to 25 North Michigan Avenue, flagship store in Chicago, our dual-gender side-by-side concept store in Pentagon City Center, and at our first North American concession shop at Macy’s Herald Square here in New York, which provides an elevated environment to showcase our products and enhance the Coach experience within a department store. We’ve also added some of these new visual merchandising elements to many of our retail stores and several key U.S. department store doors, and we’ll continue to push these enhancements to more stores over the balance of the fiscal year. And later this spring, we’ll begin to leverage mobile POS, which will allow us to remove cash ramps and reclaim selling space for lifestyle categories with a goal of driving improved productivity in the same footprint. On the factory side, our store elevation and enhancement strategy was piloted in our Riverhead and Woodbury common stores and rolled out to about 25 of our highest volume stores during November. We also opened our factory store in the future in Deer Park, Long Island this quarter. This is the most advanced store format in terms of merchandising and store experience in this channel, and will be a laboratory for future store development. In summary, we’ll continue to drive our Women’s business through fashion, innovation, and broadening the expression of the brand through lifestyle categories. We’ll leverage the opportunity in Men’s and evolve our store in digital concepts to provide a brand-right shopping experience for our consumer wherever she chooses to shop. With that, I’ll turn it back to Lew for a discussion of our strategies and further opportunities for growth. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Mike. Before we move on to our usual discussion of distribution and our financials, I want to recognize it’s not business as usual. We have a long history of responding to change, and I want to go back to the future to discuss the specific actions we’re taking to enhance and build out our Coach Women’s business here in North America and globally. [For] perspective, the Coach proposition is based on several differentiating elements. First, Coach is a distinctive brand which grew organically from the inherent and recognizable qualities of our product. Second, we are innovative in consumer centric, change and continuous improvement is build into our culture. Third, we have a multi-channel international distribution model with increasing global presence. And most importantly, fourth, we have a broad, diverse and committed consumer base. Over the last decade, we have built Coach into a leading international accessories company with a loyal and highly engaged consumer franchise. Our customers recognize the Coach brand for its authenticity, innovation, and relevance. Building on these equities, we’re now transforming Coach into a global lifestyle brand anchored in accessories. We’ve been strengthening our teams to enhance and build out the Coach experience through product, retail environment, and integrated marketing. This holistic approach will continue to add excitement and cache to the Coach brand. We’ve demonstrated the ability to offer a lifestyle assortment within categories such as outerwear, shoes, jewelry, watches, eyewear, and fragrance. This next evolution of the brand will encompass a full head to toe expression of the Coach women, including a focused ready-to-wear presentation to inspire our customers with a complete Coach point of view that is relevant to how she lives her life. This new design direction while still grounded in accessories covers all categories and price points including a more elevated product platform. It’s intended to imbue our product with a much more of an emotional context. You will see elements of this brand strategy implemented through this brand fall with a more complete expression of the new world of Coach next holiday. We plan to convey this dual expression of the Coach brand by telling a complete story about the women and men who are our consumers. We will impact every way the brand touches the consumer including in our stores, window, online and market. Now moving on to our distribution update; as our plans haven’t changed materially from what we first outlined on the July earnings call and reiterated in October, I will be brief. We expect that our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 10% or 11% during this fiscal year. In North America, we expect to open a few net new stores in the back half in addition to the 22 net openings in the first half, taking us up about 25 net new stores for the year. In total, square footage will increase about 10% in FY13. Turning to international and starting with China, as you know, we expect to open about 30 new stores this year or about another 10 in the second half, bringing the total to about 125 locations at the end of the year. All of these openings are planned to be dual gender stores due to the size of the Men’s opportunity. In total, square footage in China is expected to grow about 35%, and we expect sales to total at least $400 million driven by both distribution and comparable location sales. We’re also pleased to announce the new distribution channel for China e-commerce, which went large in November, providing Chinese consumers the new way to engage with the Coach brands. In terms of our other Asian direct markets, our primary focus for this year is on driving productivity rather than distribution, as we continue to invest in training, merchandising, store environments and systems, creating a brand-right experience. In Japan, where the overall consumer market remains challenging, we expect to open about 10 net new locations, most of them dedicated Men’s doors. In total, we expect that net square footage will increase by about 10% this year. Finally, as you know, beyond our directly-owned international businesses in Asia, we do have significant and growing distributor run businesses in other countries. We’re focusing on expanding through partners in four regions; first, in Europe, where we have begun to build the foundation for long-term growth; second, Latin America, including Brazil, Venezuela, Columbia, Panama, Chile and Peru; third, other Asia Pacific markets such as Australia, Thailand and Indonesia; and fourth, in the Middle East. These are in addition to the significant global travel retail opportunity that continues to exist for Coach as the brand recognition continues to grow globally. We have just reviewed our strategies to drive the next chapter of growth for Coach based on our strong brand and business equities. We have significant runway ahead of us both in North America, which remains a growing market and of course, worldwide. At this time, I will turn it over to Jane Nielsen, our CFO for further details on our financials and investment plans. Jane?
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Lew. Lew and Mike have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our second quarter results. Our quarterly revenues increased 4% with North America up 1% and international up 12%. As noted, the weakened yen reduced sales growth by about one point. Net income for the quarter totaled $353 million, up 2%, with earnings per diluted share of $1.23, up 5%. This compared to net income of $347 million and earnings per diluted share of $1.18 in the prior year’s second quarter. For the first half, net sales were $2.67 billion, up 7% from the $2.50 billion reported in the first six months of fiscal 2012. Net income totaled $574 million, up 2% from the $562 million reported a year-ago, while earnings per share rose 5% to $2 from $1.90. For the second quarter, our operating income totaled $527 million, 5% above the $501 million reported last year on a GAAP basis, while operating margins was 35.0% versus 34.6%. During this quarter, gross profit totaled $1.09 billion versus $1.05 billion a year ago, an increase of 4%. The gross margin rate was 72.2%, even with prior year, constrained by just over 20 basis points by the higher cost of inventory repurchased in our acquisition. As expected, our expense ratio in Q2 totaled 37.2% compared to the 37.6% reported in the year ago quarter on a GAAP basis. During the year-ago quarter, we reported certain items, which yielded a substantially lower tax rate and decreased our provision for taxes by $12 million. As a result, we made charitable contributions, which precisely offset the benefit of the tax settlement to the net income and earnings per share. Therefore, on a non-GAAP basis, excluding these items, operating income for the prior year’s second quarter was $521 million with a 36.0% operating margin and the SG&A expense ratio was 36.2%. Importantly, even including the impact of distributor acquisition cost, we were able to gain leverage to EPS. As a reminder, this year, our most significant investment is accelerating our international growth through the acquisition of the domestic retail operations of our key Asian distributor, and the further development of infrastructure to support this global growth. We are also distorting our investments in the digital space to expand and deepen our engagement with consumers. Moving on to the balance sheet; inventory levels at the end of the quarter were $494 million, 15% above the $429 million reported at the end of last year’s Q2. Our inventory levels are driven by the repurchase of inventory from our recently acquired markets and distinctive units that will allow us to support distribution growth and to maximize sales this spring. Cash and short-term investments stood at $859 million, as compared with $1.09 billion a year ago. During the second quarter, we repurchased and retired nearly 4 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $56.63 per share, spending a total of $225 million and taking the six months total to $400 million. At the end of the quarter, about $1.4 billion remain on our current repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the second quarter was $628 million compared to $611 million last year during Q2. Free cash flow in the second quarter was an inflow of $567 million versus $572 million in the same period last year. As a reminder, we shifted our dividend payment paying it out in the second fiscal quarter as compared to the third fiscal quarter last year. Our CapEx spending was $61 million versus $39 million in the same quarter a year ago. We continue to expect that CapEx this year will be in the area of $250 million, primarily due to new store openings and expansions across all geographies elevating, our store environments and investments in technology and infrastructure necessary to enable global expansion. Looking at the remainder of fiscal 2013, we’re mindful of balancing the impact of the muted consumer environment and the challenging market dynamics in North America with our optimism around Men’s and the strong international expansion opportunities for Coach. We also recognize the yen is likely to be an accelerating headwind over the remainder of the fiscal year. Therefore, our second half outlook has become more cautious. First and most generally, we expect to achieve high single-digit second half sales growth with North America comps about even with prior year. Second, our second half gross margin is planned to improve modestly on a year-over-year basis as channel mix and our sourcing initiatives continue to contribute to profitability. On balance, we continue to expect gross margin to remain high at about the 73% area for the year. Third, on SG&A, as we’ve noted previously, international acquisitions alone will cause our expenses to rise about a 150 basis points for the year. Fourth, therefore taken together, we still expected annual operating margin of about 31%, is the compressions from prior year as a results of our investments. Notably, we expect our core businesses to continue to deliver leverage to EPS. And fifth, our tax rate is likely to be in the area of 33% for the year as we continue to further refine our international tax strategy. Overall the last decade, we have become a leading international accessories company. It’s now time to build out a fuller expression of our brand and to tell a more complete brand story to our consumers. Importantly, we have the financial strength and the brand vibrancy to capitalize on the opportunities ahead and drive profitable growth. I’d now like to open it up for Q&A
Bob Scott Drbul – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Lew Frankfort: Good morning, Bob.
Bob Scott Drbul – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Lew, I have two questions for you. The first one, the new transformation strategy, is it a reaction to market conditions and really what do you hope to achieve with it?
Lew Frankfort: Well, first Bob, we have been working for the last two years on moving Coach from an accessories brand to a lifestyle brand. We started with a holistic approach to Men’s, which is running extremely strongly. We have moved forward with footwear. We’ve introduced new store prototypes. We have expanded our lifestyle categories with key items, particularly in outerwear, all of which demonstrate on consumers’ interest in Coach providing a more complete expression. And based on the accumulation of variety of factors including having the right team in place on success with our initiatives, business process change and an articulation of who the Coach women will be through our lenses, we have now galvanized on this initiative. And you will see this holiday a complete expression of the Coach brand. And in essence, what we really want to do is enable the consumer to see Coach in a more complete emotional context, rather than seeing Coach as a great accessory or a great bag we want to first think of Coach as a great brand in accessories, but through a lifestyle lens.
Bob Scott Drbul – Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. And then I have a second question Lew. Within the holiday season, was there a variation between full price comps and the outlet stores in North America?
Michael Tucci: The short answer is no. The trends were very consistent both bricks and mortar channels were impacted by lower traffic. And we did not promote our way to positive comp, which obviously we had the marketing levers to do, but wanted to protect the brand composition.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley.
Kimberly Greenberger – Morgan Stanley: Great, thank you so much. I just had a follow-up on Bob’s question before I move on to my question. Lew, it sounds like you had negative traffic in both channels, and if you could just comment on the level of sort of couponing and discounting obviously we saw flat gross margin, so it looked to be relatively similar to last year. But I think there might have been some an incremental discount, for example, the factory channel in December, if you could just comment on that?
Lew Frankfort: The promotional activities were consistent with our last year in factory. What impacted us was overall more traffic, which was down during the month of December in particular.
Kimberly Greenberger – Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, thanks. And did you quantify the impact of Sandy, and then just any initiatives here in the first half of calendar 2013, your second half of your fiscal year. To move that comp from that negative to level back into the flat range, that would be helpful? Thanks so much.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, Kimberley just to answer your question, one on the factory stores, in the second quarter our factory store gross margin was flat to prior year. So we held our gross margin in our factory store. Overall, Sandy was about a point of comp in North America in the second quarter. As we look at initiatives over the second half, we feel well positioned for spring, we are overlapping our no math in our factory channel in the coming quarters, and Mike also have some comments on comp.
Michael Tucci: Sure. Well, first of course, we recognize that we battle through a tough holiday season. We were pushing the business, but we did limit some of our activities. Our approach this spring is really around very fresh inventory going into the spring season, a focus on women’s handbags and accessories as an opportunity to strengthen. And within that leveraging underlying strength in the leather category and trying to offset the weakness that we are seeing in non-leather mixed materials and logo through further innovation, more fresh delivery there. And frankly, rebalancing our inventory to push more emphasis on leather where we see growth. Another opportunity to improve comp performance is clearly taking advantage of the digital space and the men’s opportunity, which continue to be very, very strong for us. An area that we are studying and we will take a little bit more time to understand is the impact of anniversarying the no math strategy, in fact we have literally started today last year. So as we get deeper into the spring season, I think we have some opportunity to be creative there, to focus on merchandize opportunities within the factory channel against that backdrop. And then finally, from a product standpoint, really focusing on shoes as a growth lever as a frequency opportunity, as an opportunity we will engage with the consumer in an extremely important category, where we’ve invested significantly in product innovation, presentation, I mean in-store effort to improve that business.
Kimberly Greenberger – Morgan Stanley: Great, that’s a helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Tunick with JPMC.
Brian Tunick – JPMorgan: Thank you. Good morning.
Lew Frankfort: Good morning.
Michael Tucci: Good morning.
Brian Tunick – JPMorgan: Two questions if I could. The first one maybe some thoughts over the next couple of years. How you think margins on footwear or I guess outerwear, or apparel I guess as you look to build into more of a lifestyle brand. How do you think the margins on those new categories will impact the overall operating margins of the company? And then the second question maybe shorter-term here, just your comments interesting leather in over a $400 price point was stronger, weakness at logo. Do you think that’s something, economically hitting your more aspirational Coach Shopper? Is it a fashion direction change, more competition? What do you think is happening there that the logo business has been weaker? Thanks very much.
Michael Tucci: Why don’t I take the second piece and then I’ll let Lew speak to the longer-term context of the business. This leather and mix issue that we’re seeing in the business, I do think that the leather opportunity for us is very significant and one that we have to be more aggressive with, both from a pricing and innovation standpoint, there is a strong reception there. One interesting fact, on the wholesale side, we saw a very nice season at bloomingdales and it was driven by leather. There is not a signature comparing in that specific account. So the benefit there was much more significant to us. We need to build on that. I do think that some of the competitive and pricing promotional activity that we saw in the quarter, particularly in December was a heavy emphasis on promotional goods, logo goods in the marketplace. We did not take prices down there. We weren’t pristine but we did not cut price points there in the full price channel on our signature business. So we need to rebase that business, we need to move forward and I do think that, there is clearly a macro trend, particularly globally, towards leather and away from the traditional logo business.
Lew Frankfort:  With regard to operating margins, we are not concerned that they will place any stress on them. First, we are in the footwear and lifestyle category today; second, we will continue to be anchored in the accessories; third, many other factors impact our gross margin including channel mix and geography, and we are confident that we can maintain our operating margins as we broaden our expression.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Erika Maschmeyer with Robert W. Baird.
Erika Maschmeyer – Robert W. Baird: Thank you. Could you talk a bit about the trends that you saw in terms of your shipments in POS department stores? How did that trend throughout the quarter? And then where you implemented the automated replenishment? Did you see lift there after implementing that, any quantification would be helpful. And then could you also just talk a little bit more about the promotional environment? Was that worse within the department stores and then your wholesale accounts versus specialty stores, any color there would be great. Thanks.
Michael Tucci: Sure. Within the wholesale channel, we actually saw continued improvement in managing inventory. In that, we were able to effectively control shipments in which allowed us to run a cleaner business. We actually saw some organic margin improvement in the quarter in our wholesale business, which we were pleased with. We came out of the quarter cleaner. If you look in the marketplace today, we are fully transition there and we’re very clean. So from a shipping standpoint, we manage the business very tightly, we’re able to stay close in terms of POS sales and we feel like we’re very well positioned for spring. We continue to work on the opportunity around automatic replenishment, particularly with key foundational styles and we will build on that, that’s a learning opportunity for us, it’s a consistency opportunity for us that we will manage and we will move forward.
Erika Maschmeyer – Robert W. Baird: Then on the promotional environment?
Michael Tucci: The promotional activity, I think built throughout the quarter and frankly the surprise for us was the level of promotional activity that we saw within department stores in the month of December in the category, I think the category was very strong. And it became aggressive from a pricing standpoint within the December period.
Erika Maschmeyer – Robert W. Baird: That’s helpful. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Alvin Cooperman with Wells Fargo.
Alvin Cooperman – Wells Fargo & Company: Thanks, good morning.
Lew Frankfort: Good morning
Alvin Cooperman – Wells Fargo & Company: I like to ask more about the footwear opportunity (inaudible) near-term. Like you said, you have been already in the footwear business. So can you give a little bit more color, is it may be how many more SKUs or more space in this stores and when do you think some of this investment can begin to move the needle? Thanks.
Michael Tucci: Sure, I’ll speak to it from a retail standpoint across digital and our retail stores. We actually have carved back the footwear business significantly in the last several quarters, in preparation for relaunching footwear this spring. In addition, we built the design team there. We built the production capability there. And the big movement there is to really move away from a more casual sneaker oriented price driven business to a more complete offer of footwear across end-use wearing occasion price points. Now, I want to be very clear here, the full expression of footwear, we will do in a select number of stores in a very pointed way, and we will learn and go-to-school the best proxy I can give you for this. This is the way we approach our Men’s business, where we got very deep into it in a very concentrated way impactful and built it out from there. There is a broader opportunity in footwear in more stores, which you’ll see this spring. But we believe that moving the needle in footwear will require a more significant investment in store presentation, inventory marketing, and really working to re-space the business in our stores in terms of providing a better shopping and service environment. That will take more time. That’s more of a long-term play.
Lew Frankfort: The only thing I would like to add Mike is that, we see footwear as a real traffic driver. It’s a very frequent purchase, it’s emotional. And as we present on the worlds of footwear in our marketing, in our windows, and all consumer facing environments, women will be surprised and we believe very pleased with the cheers and more, what Mike said, original assortment that reinforces not only our heritage, but also which builds on our heritage (inaudible) to today’s fashion and usage.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Chloe Wayne with ISI Group.
Chloe Wayne – ISI Group: Hi, this is Chloe Wayne on for Omar Saad. It would really help us to think about the shift to your global lifestyle brand strategy, if you could give a couple of sentences on how you define the Coach brand? How would you describe what the core Coach Lifestyle represents? And what does your consumer research show about how your customer thinks about this? Thanks.
Lew Frankfort: Let me begin by saying that we have a very loyal and committed franchise. I said earlier that our franchise is very broaden and diverse. And obviously with 30% market share in the Untied States, we reach virtually every one of our targeted consumers and the way in which consumers see us is as a loved and trusted brand, they believe in the authenticity of Coach, the quality, the function, the durability of our products. And as I said earlier, as a product driven brand, the equities of our brand has really evolved from our product. And by migrating to a lifestyle brand, we are looking to build on these equities to create a greater emotional context for this consumer to see the entire Coach women. And the Coach women is intelligent, self assured, she is looking for style and function, and she is not looking for product to overwhelm her, but to complement her lifestyle. And we are going to reflect that on the head to toe expressions, which already exists in our key flagship stores. We’re looking to just express it more fully.
Chloe Wayne – ISI Group: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Good morning, everyone.
Michael Tucci: Hey, Dana.
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Hi. I wanted to ask a little bit more about, as you see inventory levels both on the full price channel and the half price channel. Where do you see them as you look forward to the second half of the year? How do you see those evolving? And also as you look at the international business, are you experiencing the same product trends overseas as what you’re seeing here with logo and also with leather? Thank you.
Michael Tucci: Jane will take the first part and then Victor will discuss our international trends.
Jane Nielsen: Dana, over time we expect our inventory levels roughly to track with sales. There are some, you know our acquisitions will take that level up as we build for [newness] and we’ll have a little more inventory on hand. But overall, our inventories are in great position and they generally track with sales.
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you.
Victor Luis:
 : And in those markets, especially again in China, we’ve also been very hard at work on advancing our transformation from just an accessories brand to a broader lifestyle brand, and it is easier to do so in those markets where we don’t have the history and there the consumer is really reacting incredibly positively to our proposition. And then our flagship stores during the past season, we have seen lifestyle categories reach penetrations of 20% to 25%. And so we are really excited about the changes underway and the impact that, that will have on our global business not just here in the U.S.
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: And just lastly, how do you see the investment cost related to this transformation to a lifestyle brand?
Jane Nielsen: Dana, the guidance that we’ve given for the year really encompasses the start of this journey on our transformation as we look at the opportunities both the sales impact and the profitability impact. We’ll assess the investment levels as we move forward.
Michael Tucci: We have built-in a sufficient capital to address store renovations in new store concepts, and improved different fixturing. In addition, we do have a very strong supply chain that is extremely efficient, we know how to bring product to market and we don’t see significant ramp up cost, the key is talent, and as we indicated before we have strengthened our design and merchandising leadership, and we do believe that we now have the strength and team in place to be able to drive us to our potential.
Dana Telsey – Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from Antoine Belge with HSBC.
Antoine Belge – HSBC: Hello, it’s Antoine Belge with HSBC. And I have noticed that your new store seems to be contributing less to sales growth. I think if you look at the difference between your direct-to-consumer sales in North America up 2% and the comps down 2% to the 4% contribution. I think in the past, it was probably a higher number. So can you elaborate on that? And just a follow-up on your guidance of flat comps in the remaining two quarters. I notice also that the comparison base is quite different between Q3. I think you did 7% last year and only 2% in Q4, so should we expect actually the flat number price to being a negative number in Q3 whereby I don’t know a low single digit number in Q4.
Jane Nielsen: Yeah, Antoine, given the current market and variability, we are not giving specific quarterly guidance. We are comfortable with our guidance for the half of about even with prior year. We do see that the new square footage comes on not at full productivity as we build it out, but we do see that our new stores are coming online and are continuing strong, but overall we see some of the back half stores coming later online.
Antoine Belge – HSBC:  Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: I think the only think I would add here Jane is that our stores are profitable from day one. But second, I would like to just emphasize the point that you’ve made around rap and they are not open for a full year. And third, most of the stores that we’re opening are in secondary markets, not all of course but many and we have a lower cost structure and that’s what makes them extremely profitable.
Antoine Belge – HSBC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Laura Champine with Canaccord.
Laura Champine – Canaccord Genuity: Good morning guys. Lew, I’m sorry if I missed it. But what was the growth in the category in the U.S. for handbags, and I think this is the first time that you guys in a long while have admittedly given up share. Is that one new competitor, lots of new competitors or you just kind of hitting a wall in terms of the market share potential for handbags, if you could comment on that would be great?
Lew Frankfort: Sure. First the category growth was 10% more or less. This is the first time that we have not held or grown faster than the category. As I said earlier, we have about a 30% market share. In other areas, we have obviously have grown and here we are talking North America women’s. We are confident that the strategies that we have articulated or strategies that can enable us to resume growth and maintain if not grow our category share in the years ahead.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jennifer Davis with Lazard Capital Markets.
Jennifer Davis – Lazard Capital Markets: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Couple of clarifications, first, could you share your thought process on your share repurchase program, you purchased shares opportunistically or how do you go about that? And then Jane could you remind us of the impact of the acquisition of your distributors kind of the timing of the expenses associated with that and how that flows kind of each quarter through the year as you acquire a distributor. And then sorry, on traffic, I believe mall traffic was down 4% in December. Do you guys have outlet mall traffic numbers that you could share with us? And then finally, my question, Lew, I guess on?
Jane Nielsen: You missed Jennifer.
Jennifer Davis – Lazard Capital Markets: I know, well here is Michael, no more clarifications. My question is, could you remind us of your penetration of accessories and kind of non-handbag categories versus handbag? What that mix is today and then where you see it going? Thanks a lot.
Jane Nielsen: Why don’t I take the first two clarifications and then I’ll have my comment on malls and penetration. So our share repurchase program, we view share repurchases as a, and our dividend program combined the way of returning capital to shareholders. Our first priority is to invest in our business. As to we’ve done that, we look at the residual of our cash and look to return that to our shareholders. We balance our working capital needs, our expected CapEx, and then repurchase shares opportunistically based on the capital flows and needs of our business overall. Just on the acquisitions, when we acquire a business, there are several impacts. We acquire distributor business. Remember, the sales that we guess, we already have the wholesales sales. So we get about the markup between wholesale and retail. So we get that that bump on the sales line, but it’s not a 100% of sales. But we take on 100% of the SG&A of the acquired market. That SG&A impact is with us for the whole first 12 months of the acquisition and ongoing, but once we’re out of the first-year overlapped become much less dramatic. And as we acquire a distributor, we have to markup the inventory that we acquire. It takes us about two quarters to be out of that higher priced inventory that’s marked up to roughly wholesale, our wholesale prices. [To talk you] about the first two quarters following an acquisition, the gross margin impact subsides.
Lew Frankfort: The only category that we track in a, let’s call it in a rigorous way is other than Women’s is Men’s accessories. And here in America, we have about a 17% market share, and that category has grown by about 25%.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question is from Oliver Chen with Citibank.
Oliver Chen – Citigroup: Hi, guys, thanks. Regarding the intensified competition and the environment here, what are your thoughts on where you stand with the legacy average unit retail? And as you look to drive incremental traffic or look to improve traffic trends, do you think on moderating AUR is a potential strategic option? My follow-up is related to your ideas on broadening expression. What should we think about in terms of where you want to get footwear as a percentage of mix? And also is there other efforts in relation to jewelry and watches as you undergo this process and other categories, how should we think about the mix composition that you are targeting? Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: Why don’t I begin and then turn it over to Mike. First, with regard to how should we think about AUR and do we think is an opportunity perhaps at lower price points. The reality is just an opportunity at all price points. And we look to maintain and achieve a very balance assortment. We believe there is a very substantial opportunity in the space over $400, where we barely participate. And consumers have embraced all of our limited addition product in that price range. So you will continue to see us maintain a very balanced approach to the very diverse and broad consumer base that we have. With regard to legacy, legacy has been an important step in our transformation of legacy, is going to, as we said before continue with us. And the average legacy price point is somewhat higher than the overall assortment, but in part that’s because the collection is driven in leather. Mike, you want to talk a little bit about mix?
Michael Tucci: Sure. The piece that I’d like to speak to on, specifically on handbag positioning from a pricing standpoint, our stated $300 sweet spot I think is remain the opportunities to nuance that by store type and push harder across our most premium location, which by the way performed significantly better than primary locations in the quarter and we continue to see that trend as an opportunity going forward. Pushing higher price points into the most premium locations, while balancing that with compelling innovation at opening price points, particularly in primary locations we’re 350 store business and in many of our department store doors where there is more of a price compelling proposition to be made for us to maintain and grow share. So that’s the piece on handbags. And on shoes, we haven’t placed specific target on shoes as a percent to total. What we are looking at there initially is diversifying the assortment, building a tiered assortment there and using shoes as an incremental productivity opportunity, building ticket, building frequency and improving productivity in stores and across our digital platform as well.
Oliver Chen – Citigroup: Thanks a lot guys. And Lew, just to be clear, within the legacy portfolio, are you saying that you are happy with where the AUR is within that collection? Are there changing…
Lew Frankfort: Absolutely. The average handbag is about 20% higher than the average bag. And as you know, legacy has a very substantial number of key outerwear items, which outperforms extremely well.
Oliver Chen – Citigroup: Okay, thanks guys and good luck.
Jane Nielsen: Thank you everybody for joining us today as the market now is open and its our prior practice to conclude the call, I will just turn it over to Lew for a couple of sentences closure and I look forward to speaking to you over the next couple of days.
Lew Frankfort: First, I just want you also know that we are extremely focused and single minded and confident in our ability to address the near term challenges in North America. At the same time, we will be continuing to leverage the global opportunity as we evolve the Coach brand, so as I said before and years behind, stay tuned. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does this earnings conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications  Lew Frankfort - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael D. Tucci - President of North American Group Jane Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Victor Luis - President of Coach Retail International Jerry Stritzke - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Edward J. Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Tracy Kogan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jessica Schoen - Barclays Capital, Research Division Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Erika K. Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Neely J.N. Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO; and Jane Nielsen, Coach's CFO. Mike Tucci, North American Group President is also joining us for a holiday preview. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that the historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our first fiscal quarter 2013 results and will also discuss our program -- progress on global initiatives. Mike Tucci will review our key programs for the holiday season. Jane Nielsen will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Victor Luis, International Group President; and Jerry Stritzke, our President and Chief Operating Officer. The Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. We will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Good morning. Thanks, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As we noted in our press release, we were pleased with our results this quarter highlighted by double-digit top line growth with strong comparable store sales most notably in North America and China. We continue to make progress against our strategic initiatives, enhancing our leadership position in the North American women's bag and accessory category through fashion innovation, aggressively growing our international business, becoming a market leader in the Men's accessories category and harnessing the power of the digital world. In addition, during the quarter, we completed the acquisition of our domestic distributors in Korea and Malaysia, and reflective of our strong balance sheet and positive outlook, our board has just authorized a new $1.5 billion stock repurchase authorization. While I will get into further detail about current conditions and the outlook for our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some highlights were: First, net sales totaled $1.16 billion versus $1.05 billion a year ago, an increase of 11%; Second, earnings per share totaled $0.77, up 6% from prior year; Third, North American sales increased 8% to $784 million from $729 million last year, with direct sales up 11% on a 5.5% comparable store sales increase; And fourth, international sales increased 15% to $362 million from $314 million last year, driven in part by a nearly 40% gain in sales in China with a continuation of double-digit comps. Looking first at global distribution. During the quarter, we opened 5 North American factory stores, including 3 Men's stores. At the end of the period, there were 354 full price and 174 factory stores in operation in North America. Moving on to China. During the quarter, we opened 8 net new locations, 1 in Hong Kong and the remainder on the Mainland, bringing the total number to 104 locations, including 86 on the Mainland in 38 cities. In the wake of our recent Asia distributor acquisition and including Singapore and Taiwan, which we took over last year, we now directly operate 92 locations in Asia, not including Japan and China. They include: 7 in Singapore, 10 in Malaysia, 27 in Taiwan and 48 in Korea. And in Japan, one Men's factory store was opened. At quarter end, there were 188 total locations in Japan with 23 stand-alone full price stores, including 8 flagships, 122 shop-in-shops, 36 factory stores and 7 distributor operated wholesale location. Moving on to sales and productivity and starting in North America, which today represents about 2/3 of Coach's sales. Our total revenues in North America rose 8% for the quarter, with our directly operated businesses up 11%. As noted, total Q1 same-store sales rose 5.5%, with our factory store comps benefiting from a return to more promotional in-store practices and our full price store comp similar to prior quarter trends. Of course, our Internet business, driven by significant traffic gains, continued to drive overall comp. In department stores, sales trends at POS was essentially even with prior year, while shipments into department stores declined as inventories were planned lower. Overall, we estimate that addressable women's North American handbag and accessory category rose about 10% last quarter. At the same time, in our own North American stores and on the Internet, Coach's sales rose 11%. It's worth noting that our Men's business was also a significant driver of our overall sales growth in Q1. Moving on to international sales, which represent about 1/3 of Coach total sales today. They rose 15% in the first quarter. China sales rose nearly 40% from prior year, fueled by distribution and double-digit same-store sales. Clearly, the Chinese consumer has embraced Coach as evidenced by these results as well as the increasing contribution of the Chinese tourists to our global sales in the extremely high purchase -- repurchase intent among existing consumers. Our other Asia direct businesses outside of China and Japan, Singapore, Taiwan, Malaysia and Korea, also posted strong aggregate growth in the quarter. In part, these countries benefited from the retail step-up from prior year except for Singapore, which was purchased at the beginning of last fiscal year. In addition, their combined POS sales also rose at a double-digit rate. In Japan, we posted a 1% increase in constant currency, while sales in dollars were even with prior year. Coach holds a #2 place within the Japanese imported accessories market with a 17% yen share. Our position reflects the strength and relevance of the Coach brand with the Japanese consumer who has become increasingly value oriented. Finally, I would like to touch on our international wholesale business where we experienced strong shipment growth, as retail sales gains were driven by distribution expansion. While Jane will get into more detail in our financials and I will discuss our outlook in some detail shortly, I did want to give you this recap. As you know, Mike Tucci has joined us today to discuss our product performance for the first quarter as well as our holiday sales initiative. Mike?
Michael D. Tucci: Thanks, Lew. During the first quarter, we featured a high level of product innovation and distinctive newness, driven by our Legacy launch. We were very pleased by the excellent response to the collection, as Legacy proved to resonate with consumers across geographies and demographic. Inspired by our archives and featuring the duffle and Candace carryall style, Legacy underscores our heritage as an authentic leather goods brand, distinctively Coach and differentiated in the marketplace. While Madison and Poppy remained important collections during the quarter, we continue to build our Legacy momentum over the next several months. Additional seasonal offerings such as cold weather and outerwear are being introduced this quarter, along with new brights, novelty elements such as Ocelot haircalf and colorblock. Of course, we're supporting the collection with innovative marketing programs like our just launched Grand Central takeover here in New York, with 84 Coach images focused on the northeast corridor of the station over a 4-week period. We're also taking over buses and telephone kiosks in both New York and Chicago during fall and holiday. Additionally, our recently updated Madison collection featured new silhouettes, including the Juliette satchel and the new carryall, which we'll deliver in early December. New Poppy will arrive just in time for holiday and will feature our much-loved iconic Willis bag in beautiful colors, colorblock and a range of great sizes and shapes. And of course, we'll also have a comprehensive assortment of great gifts from tech accessories to wristlets and a wide range of items under $100 as well. In addition, our holiday product will be supported by a comprehensive marketing plan beginning in mid-November, featuring a powerful gifting message. The emphasis of our marketing will be product and item-driven across our core categories and other gifting ideas. Our campaign will span coach.com, social and media advertising and compelling print and in-store marketing to drive traffic. And our PR team working in conjunction with several of today's leading style authorities has developed a series of digitally-based initiatives centered around their favorite picks for holiday. Additionally, each of these style icons will curate a designated shop of their holiday selection on coach.com. I'd like to provide an update on our Men's growth strategy, which is a significant opportunity for Coach, both here in North America where we have a long history as a men’s leather goods resource and globally, where the category is more developed. During the last quarter, we added a broader assortment of Men's to an additional 14 full price stores in North America, taking us to over 100 stores with a significant Men's presence by the end of September. We're seeing excellent response to our product both in these retail stores and in our dedicated factory stores. Coach is rapidly becoming a leading brand authority in Men's bags and accessories. As we created the world of Coach for women across categories, we are now doing the same for men, designing collections with a distinct point of view, but sharing the modern classic aesthetic that is the hallmark of Coach. Moving to our stores. As part of our brand-building initiative, there's an opportunity both in our full price and factory stores to continue to elevate our store environment and to present a broader expression of Coach to our consumers. During the first quarter, to support Legacy, we rolled out new visual merchandising elements to about 100 retail stores and several key U.S. department store doors as well. These stores outperformed during the quarter, and we will continue to push these enhancements to more stores over the fiscal year. We've also experienced excellent customer response to our new 625 North Michigan Avenue flagship store in Chicago, which represents a new evolution of our retail concept and our new dual-gender, side-by-side concept store in Pentagon City Centre. And just last week, we opened our first North America department store concession shop at Macy's Herald Square here in New York City. Designed by renowned architect Rem Koolhaas, this flagship space reflects our newest and most modern design elements, including video and digital content that provides an elevated environment to showcase our products and enhance the Coach experience within a department store. On the factory side, our store elevation and enhancement strategy was piloted in our Riverhead and Woodbury Common stores with excellent results. We will roll this program out to about 25 of our highest volume stores by mid-November prior to our peak holiday selling season. In summary, we will continue to drive our women's business through fashion innovation, leverage the opportunity in Men's and evolve our store and digital concepts to provide a brand-right shopping experience for our consumer wherever she chooses to shop. With that, I'll turn it back to Lew for a discussion of our strategy and further opportunities for growth. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Mike. Mike just discussed a number of our brand building and productivity initiatives, which will be a significant contributor to top line sales in the seasons and years ahead, both in North America and in international markets. Looking towards the balance of FY '13, our overarching strategies remain largely unchanged. First, we're leveraging the global opportunity by aggressively growing our international businesses through both distribution expansion and productivity gains. Second, we're continuing to enhance our leadership position in the North American women's bag and accessory market, as we strengthen our position in lifestyle categories such as footwear. Third, we're tapping into the large and rapidly growing Men's accessory category, which Mike has already discussed. And fourth, we're harnessing the growing power of the digital world. Starting with distribution. First, as our plans haven't changed materially from what we outlined on the July earnings call, I will be brief. To start, we expected our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 10% or 11% during this year. In North America, we now expect to add about 25 net new stores, including 20 factory stores, of which 10 will be Men's stand-alone location. Turning to international and starting with China, we again expect to open about 30 new stores this year, bringing the total to around 125 locations by year's end. All of these openings are planned to be dual-gender stores due to the size of the Men's opportunity. In total, square footage in China is expected to grow about 35%. And as we said earlier, we expect sales to total at least $400 million, driven by both distribution and same location sales growth. We're also very excited to announce a new distribution channel for China, e-commerce, which we expect to go live next month, providing Chinese consumers a new way to engage with the Coach brand. In terms of our other Asian direct markets, our primary focus this year is on driving productivity rather than new distribution, as we continue to invest in people through training, as well as merchandising, store environment and systems, creating a brand-right experience. In Japan, where the overall consumer market remains challenging, we expect to open about 10 net new locations, most of them dedicated Men's doors. In total, we expect that net square footage growth will increase by about 10% this year compared to about 5% in FY '12. Finally, as you know, beyond our directly owned international businesses in Asia, we do have significant and growing distributor-run businesses in other countries. We're focusing on expanding through partners in 4 regions: first, in Europe, where we have begun to build the foundation for long-term growth; second, Latin America, including Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia, Panama, Chile and Peru; third other Asia-Pacific markets such as Australia, Thailand and Indonesia; and fourth, the Middle East. These are in addition to the significant global travel retail opportunities that continue to exist for Coach, as the brand's recognition continues to grow globally. We've just reviewed our strategies to drive our growth at a double-digit pace given the continuing strength of the Coach brand and our increasing global expansion. We have significant runway ahead of us, both in international -- both in North America, which remains a growing market and worldwide, while our focus on Men's and digital provides additional opportunities for growth. At this time, I will turn it over to Jane Nielsen, our CFO, for further detail on our financials and investment plans. Jane?
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Lew. Lew and Mike have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our first quarter result. As a reminder, and as noted in our 8-K filing earlier this month, we've changed our segment reporting for FY '13 to a geographic focus, recognizing the expansion and growth of sales through our international market. This quarter, revenues increased 11%, with North America up 8% and international sales up 15%. Net income for the quarter totaled $221 million, up 3%, with earnings per diluted share of $0.77, up 6%. This compared to net income of $215 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.73 in the prior year's first quarter. Our operating income totaled $332 million, 3% above the $322 million reported last year, while operating margin was 28.6% versus 30.7%. This growth and our continued high level of profitability was achieved while making unusual investments in our business, primarily related to our distributor acquisitions, which we had previewed in our last conference call. During this quarter, gross profit totaled $845 million versus $765 million a year ago, an increase of 11%. The gross margin rate was 72.8%, even with prior year, with our sourcing cost improvement offsetting the higher cost of inventory repurchased in our acquisitions. As expected, our expense ratio in Q1 totaled 44.2% compared to the 42.8% (sic) [42.1%] reported in the year-ago quarter. Excluding the impact of distributor acquisition costs, we were able to gain leverage to EPS. As you know, our most significant investment is accelerate in our international growth through the acquisition of domestic retail -- of the domestic retail operations of our key Asian distributors and the further development of infrastructure to support this global growth. We are also distorting our investment in the digital phase to expand and deepen our engagement with consumers. Inventory levels at the end of the quarter were $598 million, 15% above $520 million reported at the end of last year's Q1, consistent with our expectations given the repurchase of inventory from our newly acquired market. It will allow us to support distribution growth and to maximize this sale and holiday. Cash and short-term investments [indiscernible] $761 million as compared with $848 million a year ago. During the first quarter, we repurchased and retired nearly 3.1 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $56.59, spending a total of $175 million. With only $87 million remaining of the previous authorization, the board authorized another $1.5 billion in share repurchases. Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter was $202 million compared to $225 million last year during Q1. Free cash flow in the first quarter was an inflow of $146 million versus $194 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending were $56 million versus $31 million in the same quarter a year ago. Consistent with our previous expectations and reflective of our global growth initiatives, we expect that CapEx this year will be in the area of $250 million, primarily due to new store openings and expansions across all geographies, elevating our store environments within our existing stores and investments in the technology and infrastructure necessary to enable global expansion. Looking at the balance sheet. At the balance of 2013, the goals we articulated back in July have not changed. We remain mindful of balancing the impact of a weak global macroeconomic outlook with our optimism around our business. So when you're thinking about the year, our plans are in line with those outlined in our July call. First and most generally, we continue to expect to achieve double-digit sales growth. Our FY '13 sales will be driven in part by low- to mid-single-digit comps in North America for the year. As you know, our comparisons will be most challenging in the second quarter given our extremely strong multi-year comp performance. However, we do expect comps to strengthen in the second half. In addition, currency is likely to be more of a top line growth headwind in the first half of the year. Second, our gross margin is planned to improve modestly, as channel mix and our sourcing initiatives continue to contribute to profitability. On balance, we expect gross margin to remain high and in the 73% range for the year. Third, on SG&A, international acquisitions alone will cause our expenses to rise at least 150 basis points for the year. Fourth, therefore taken together, we would expect some compression in the operating margin to about 31%. Notably, we expect our core businesses to continue to deliver leverage to EPS. And fifth, our tax rate is likely to be in the area of 33% for the year, as we further refine our international tax strategies. In summary, we were pleased with our first quarter result, highlighted by double-digit top line growth and driven by strong comparable sales -- same -- comparable store sales in North America and China. Looking forward, we're accelerating our distribution plans to leverage the emerging market opportunity with a particular focus on China, exploring new geographies, capitalizing on the increasing popularity and recognition of the Coach brand with discerning consumers, both men and women globally. Importantly, we remain committed to achieving double-digit growth over our planning horizon. We have a business model that generates significant cash flow, and we are in a position to invest in our brand, while continuing to return capital to shareholders. Now I'd like to open it up to Q&A. Operator, you may go ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about China. We've seen a number of your peers indicate that sales there have been a little bit difficult. Your numbers were surprisingly good. Can you just dig into the strength in China? And in particular, how is the Legacy line doing there? And I just had one clarifying question for Jane if I could. Jane, did you indicate that without the acquisitions, your operating margin in the quarter would have been up? And does that mean that you would expect after this year that you could actually see operating margins trend higher over time?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. For clarification, what we said is without the impact of the acquisitions, we would have had some leverage from sales to EPS growth. And our gross margin, as I called out, was impacted by acquisitions by about 30 basis points.
Lew Frankfort: Alright, [indiscernible] Victor Luis.
Victor Luis: Given the overall context of the markets and of course, our overall higher comp base, we are extremely pleased with the growth that we have shown in the quarter. And I think it's a strong reflection of the relevance of our products. And to the second part of your question, the performance of Legacy. As Mike touched on in his comments, Legacy is truly resonating globally, not just here in North America. And we're especially pleased with its performance in China where it is becoming a very strong second pillar for us alongside Madison. Madison has been, since our launch in China with the takeback of the business, a true iconic collection for us and continues to be a very strong recruiting tool as such. And now Legacy is a second pillar and especially relevant with current Coach fans that are looking for a more subtle, more fashionable collection from a multi-category perspective. We're especially pleased in China with the performance of Men's and as well, even outerwear where in certain locations we're seeing double-digit penetrations of Legacy outerwear. So overall, a strong story.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick with JPMorgan.
Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess for Mike, a lot of questions surrounding the quarter was on the couponing side, so maybe just hoping you could just talk about the Facebook coupon at the full price stores. And obviously, you still seem to have a lot of room to get back towards your peak conversion in traffic. Just trying to understand the thought process there. And similarly in the factory side, how -- now you look back. I guess you've had 2 or 3 quarters on the fair-and-square pricing, the couponing now back in the store. Just give us some idea of your thought process now, what you've learned. And then maybe if Lew just wants to talk about the market share opportunities maybe in Asia x Japan. Obviously, you’re the market share leader here in the U.S., over 30% market share. Just wondering what are realistic targets you think Coach could have in Asia x Japan over the next 5, 7 years.
Lew Frankfort: Okay. But I think we got about 5 questions in there. Mike, why don't you take the first several.
Michael D. Tucci: I'll give it a crack, and I will -- let me address on the full price side, there's been some noise on the investor's side around promotional activity. We actually saw a very healthy quarter in our full price business. We were extremely pleased with Legacy and the performance of our business across men's and women's. And promotional activity is actually down. So what I think occurred out there, which was a pickup on your side a bit, was we did experiment with some customer acquisition, third-party opportunities within the digital space. And that created some noise in the marketplace. We'll continue to probe on that and experiment, but it's really not a large segment of our business. On the factory side, as we stated in Q4, we were going to take a more promotional stance in our stores around in-store marketing. And that proved to be very successful. And I might add there that we're really pleased on the factory side, as we return to marketing tactics in-store. We're able to maintain very high margin rates consistent with prior year and get the productivity levels back.
Lew Frankfort: With regards to your market share opportunities, I had mentioned before we had 17% market share in Japan where we are the #2 share. It was -- it would show [indiscernible] for me to suggest that in China we could have that market share. But we would not be content with anything less over time. So we do believe as the market develops, Coach is particularly well positioned for the emerging middle class in China. Victor, touched on our business and our consumers. They still have over a 90% repurchase intent. We feel very optimistic that in the emerging markets we can develop very strong leadership positions. In more developed markets, we think it's more realistic to look at 10% as an aspirational goal, where in certain markets today, we have 5% and 7%. Victor, you want to expand on that?
Victor Luis: I think you said it all, Lew.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from Edward Yruma with KeyBanc.
Edward J. Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Could you talk a little bit about Legacy and the customer base that you're seeing? Do you view it as a new customer? Is it a lapsed customer? Or is it your core Coach customer that's very enthused about Legacy?
Lew Frankfort: It's really all of the above, and it varies a lot by market. What we're finding is that some of the Legacy styles that are extremely reminiscent of the styles that were in existence 20 or 30 years ago are particularly appealing to an existing consumer, the larger bags. At the same time, the smaller bags are doing -- which are trend right, are doing very well with younger consumers. Overall, we're finding that we are appealing to new consumers, existing consumers and lapsed consumers. It all depends on the market and the circumstance.
Operator: Our next question is from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about the flash sales in the factory stores? What are you learning from these? And do you intend to do these in Asia?
Michael D. Tucci: We are -- we're really, I would say, in exploration mode on the flash side. It is a very targeted program to a discrete audience of factory-only consumers, with targeted pricing, margin structure that we love, response rate and performance that we control. And we'll continue to use this. This is just an extension of us moving into the digital world and leveraging it across channels and across customer types in a targeted way.
Lew Frankfort: Victor, you want to touch on it internationally?
Victor Luis: Sure. The only place where we tested it and experimented, as Mike mentioned, has been in Japan. Important to note though that our e-mail database there is quite small, so it is a very tiny experimentation at the moment. And as we learn more in the U.S. and continue to grow our database, we will revisit it in the years ahead.
Lew Frankfort: It's actually a very substantial opportunity, as consumers are looking for convenience and they're also looking for limited edition factory product. And again, just to reiterate, we -- this is a focus on consumers who only purchase in factory stores. We do not offer this opportunity to full price consumers. So what we're doing is we're leveraging the opportunity among existing brand-loyal Coach factory store consumers to give them the opportunity for a time-limited circumstance to buy factory product at a great price.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez with Nomura.
Tracy Kogan - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: It's Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul. One question and then one clarification, the first question is on Legacy and how we should think about how this line will transition into the factory channel and what the timing on that would be. And how does that compare to how you transition Poppy from full price to factory? And then on the clarification, I think you said your gross margins in factory were flat, but I wasn't sure if you meant operating margin. But if you could just clarify that and if you could give us the direction of gross margin in your other channels as well?
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. I'll take most of that. Our Legacy development today is focused solely on full price across Men's and women's. We are in the very, very early days of development. We have tremendous innovation and newness coming into the marketplace there across silhouette, fabrication. There is not any need for us to think about Legacy as a factory platform. In fact, we're looking at newness and elevation within factory stores outside of Legacy as we head into the fourth quarter -- third and fourth quarter of '13 and into '14 where we have exciting platforms there, leather and fabric based. So Legacy is really a full price proposition going forward. And yes, when I was speaking to margin, what I was talking about margin rate in factory stores during the quarter, holding its own against the change in the promotional strategy, which we're very pleased with.
Operator: Our next question is from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Wanted to ask you about marketing. I think Mike had mentioned it in the prepared remarks, mid-November marketing plan. How are you guys philosophically, strategically thinking about marketing plans? You've got 2 kind of arguably very different, very important initiatives, both the Legacy and the Men's, which are a little bit new for the brand. How important is the marketing to get the word out to consumers to bring them into the stores? And what are some of the strategies around that? And then I also wanted to ask, within the Legacy business, are you seeing any differentiation in terms of the success at higher price points or lower price points or different type of products within the Legacy business in the early days?
Lew Frankfort: Well, first to your general question on marketing, we are approaching both -- we're approaching Legacy and our new collections in the dual-gender manner. If you look at our print ads and you look at all of our digital advertising, you'll see both dual-gender products as well as women's products and Men's products featured in a lifestyle manner with people who personify the Coach brand. And so we have a layered approach on the marketing. More specifically, when we think of marketing, it's not only advertising, but it's store windows. It's the store environment. And when you visit our stores today, you'll see a Men's presence in most of our store windows. You will also see in our flagship locations a very strong head-to-toe lifestyle presentation. And we feel quite good about our ability to convey a broader world of Coach that's more modern, more emotional and more relevant.
Michael D. Tucci: Lew, just to build on that in terms of marketing, where I would point to is our efforts to enhance our store environments, not only through window presentation but in-store environments. We did make a strong investment going into the year and through the quarter in the top 100 stores. In full price, we got credit there. Our flagship stores outperformed in the quarter, driven by, I think, a more comprehensive Legacy presentation, including Men's that really cut through. We'll continue to build on that. And what we're seeing out there, including in key department store locations, tremendous appetite or range of price points and product offer and handbags within Legacy and all our collections. And I think we have to continue to take advantage of that from a marketing and positioning standpoint in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question is from Jessica Schoen with Barclays.
Jessica Schoen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was wondering if you could give us some more detail about how much of an impact the Asian acquisitions had on gross margins, as well as how much it benefited from the sourcing initiatives and the channel mix?
Jane Nielsen: So, Jessica, what you saw is that we had a 72.8% gross margin, about even with prior year. And what we're calling out is that our sourcing initiatives and improvements there were able to offset about 30 basis points of pressure from the repurchase inventory in the acquisitions. So excluding acquisitions, we would have seen gross margins up 30 basis points. On the cost side, what we're seeing as we move through these acquisitions that we expect, as I called out in the prepared remarks, about 150 basis points of pressure on our SG&A line from the acquisition as we move through the year, heaviest in the first half, it eases in the second half.
Operator: Our next question is from Liz Dunn with Macquarie.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: I'm curious about the holiday, just sort of the number of SKUs under $100, if you could share that detail, particularly as you think about Legacy and some of the wristlets and cold weather accessories. Can you just tell us how that should play out?
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. very much consistent with prior years, little bit of nuance by store attribute, so you'll see some distortion in higher price points in flagship stores and more balance in primary stores. We are making a stronger play in what I would call tech accessories. That's kind of obvious given what's going on in the marketplace. It's also a price point opportunity, a color opportunity. So you'll see us go after that in both channels, frankly. And we feel like from a gifting standpoint, having Men's and women's more bold in more stores offers us a nice advantage this holiday versus prior years.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: Can I just ask a follow-up, which is who's buying Legacy? Do you still feel like it's a sort of fashionista customer? Or who's the core customer for the Legacy line?
Michael D. Tucci: Yes. I think Lew touched on that earlier. We're really seeing a broad response to Legacy across existing and new consumers, terrific response to Legacy in the department store channel where we've seen tremendous impacts on leather based and penetrations of leather go up. The other nice thing about Legacy from a handbag standpoint is it's landing right in our sweet spot in terms of average unit retail, right in that $300 range with, again, some headroom to move up with elevated product in select stores going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from David Glick with Buckingham Research.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: This a question for either Lew or Mike. Historically, it's been a great strength of Coach that you really haven't been very reliant on the department store channel to drive your growth. However, it is an important customer phasing channel and important for the brand given how many customers are going through department stores in the U.S. and how the accessories business is growing just disproportionately within that channel. I just visited your new Herald Square shop at Macy's, which looks sensational, and I'm just wondering is this a kind of reinvigorated commitment to the presentation to the content in that channel. And are you looking perhaps to defend your market share a little more aggressively in that channel given the success of the category there?
Michael D. Tucci: You said it all. We are -- first of all, we're -- we believe in the department store channel in North America. We believe in our partners there. We believe in our leadership position there. We have really put our noses into that business. We understand the competitive set well. I think the Herald Square effort, which was led by Lew and the management team here speak to our commitment in the channel. We're going to school there. We will be relentless. We will look for opportunity, and we'll manage our business one customer at a time in the same way that we manage our business in all of our other channels.
David J. Glick - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: So would you expect to see your -- the sell-in trend be more in line with kind of the POS trend? And if not, see some growth there as we go through the balance of the fiscal year?
Michael D. Tucci: We're really looking to optimize productivity there. Sell-in, things like replenishment and the opportunity to maintain consistency in the channel, newness, potential product development opportunities within the channel, it's across all areas. What we want to manage there is focus on the locations that we're in, how to make them more productive and to point our inventory into the right stores at the right time and turn that business and move it forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Erika Maschmeyer with Robert W. Baird.
Erika K. Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Follow-up on the department store strategy that you were just mentioning. On the inventory side, at this point, do you have enough inventory in that channel? Or does your sell-in kind of limit that? When might you see that pick up? And then on the -- can you give us a sense of the magnitude of the Men's contribution? I know you rolled it out to the 85 stores late in Q4, so wanted to get a sense of how much of a lift that provided in Q1.
Michael D. Tucci: Yes, the big opportunity on the department store side, particularly with Macy's but I think with others, too, is to really focus on EDI and to focus on getting into a replenishment business across key styles that we can own and manage. We own the inventory. We're working very closely. As we look into Q2 from a readiness standpoint, we feel like we have a very good pipe. We are being more conservative with our ship into that channel, but as we see the business move and we see traction, we have the opportunity to chase and to replenish into that business in a very productive way.
Erika K. Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then on Men's?
Michael D. Tucci: Oh, I'm sorry. Men's lift, well, the reality for us here is that while we pushed -- from a North America standpoint, we pushed Men's into about 100 stores in what we would call a significant way. And it's been both a comp and customer acquisition driver for us. We now have Men's in all stores, either through CBSR or in some opening assortment way going into the holiday season, which I think provides us further opportunity within the quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Jennifer Davis with Lazard Capital Markets.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: First, I have a quick clarification. Jane, I think you said gross margins would have been up about 30 basis points, excluding the impact of the acquisition of distributors. Could you tell us how much either SG&A or EBIT margins would have levered excluding the acquisition?
Jane Nielsen: So what we would have seen excluding the acquisition is our operating margin would have been about -- we would have seen operating margin compression about 80 basis points. And that was expected given the distortion of marketing into the first quarter to support Legacy.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: My question was on Men's. How much did that, I guess, contribute to growth in the U.S.? And is there an opportunity -- I think you kind of addressed this in the last question, but is there an opportunity to expand it a little more into the rest of the fleet beyond just the digital or just a little presentation that you have? And then finally, on your e-commerce, is there an opportunity to expand or do you feel like you have an opportunity to get into any full e-commerce sites in any additional countries beyond China and Japan?
Michael D. Tucci: I think on the Men's side, as I touched on earlier, while we haven't broken out specifically what the Men's contribution is, it is a positive driver from a productivity standpoint. And absolutely, we are looking from a format standpoint as well as within existing locations how we can get Men's product into our stores. I mentioned Pentagon City in my prepared remarks. That's a store where we've expanded and relocated in a mall to add a Men's store within side by side our women's store, where we've essentially seen the Men's business come from 0 in the prior store to a very significant Men's contribution relative to women's. So we're looking at that as a concept for us to potentially expand further in top locations and build out in addition to adding Men's into all stores going forward.
Victor Luis: And to your second question on e-commerce sites, as we discussed, at the beginning of next month, we will go live, e-commerce in China, which follows up on our first international site in Japan. Right now, we're very focused on transforming our informational sites across our other direct to Asian markets into fuller marketing sites, including the leverage of mobile and iPad apps, as well then from there the possibility of partnering with our distributor partners in other markets and looking at future developments in the e-commerce space.
Operator: Our next question is from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray.
Neely J.N. Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Mike, I was wondering if you could help us understand as we look ahead to the holiday quarter, how you guys would be planning the promotions, like the best customer events and what have you and how that's planned relative to last year so that there's less confusion in the holiday quarter versus the prior quarter. And then also related to that, could you give us a sense of the complexion of the handbags in terms of the distribution between the bucket of below $400 and over $400? I think you guys have talked about it in the past. Just wondering what's going on with that.
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. On the promotional side across full price and factory channel, very consistent with prior years. I think the only nuance out there is the method of delivery. What we put in the mail, what we put -- what we're doing digitally and how we might play with regard to third-party opportunities. But our plans today are very consistent with last year. In terms of mix on products, penetrations over $400 were essentially the same in Q1. I think you've heard me this morning speak about what I'm sensing as an opportunity for more elevated products, which I think may have an impact on that price tiering going forward. We did see some improvement in ADT overall, which we are very pleased with. And we think we're extremely well positioned from a gifting and pricing standpoint across all channels as we head into the holiday quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Binetti with UBS.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Could you help us think a little bit more about the gross margins in the U.S. full price side of the business. I'm trying to add up the pieces a little bit. You said 30 basis points was basically a wash between sourcing and the acquisitions. And I think Mike Tucci said that the factory stores were about flat. And we know China is better, so how are you feeling about the U.S. full price stores in the gross margin side right now?
Jane Nielsen: We're feeling very good about our gross margin position. I think that our -- with the sourcing initiatives that we put in place continue to work, it's offsetting the pressure that we've seen from the acquired inventory. And so we feel we're on a good trajectory, and we're pleased, as Mike mentioned, with our factory store and full price store gross margin in the quarter.
Michael D. Tucci: I think that the only piece that I'd add to that is as we've been able to really work our Men's product and work on our positioning in Men's, the team has done a tremendous job in terms of cost retail relationship there, so as we grow our Men's business to become a margin benefit for us in full price. And that's been a terrific win for us.
Michael Binetti - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And is there any way we can get maybe just an update on the sourcing initiatives? Jane, I think you spoke about them a little bit. But we heard from other companies saying that they do expect sourcing to rise a little bit from Asia over the next few years versus, obviously, it's been a good source of deflation over a much longer period. How are you looking at it today? Maybe just an update on some of the initiatives you gave us last year on the sourcing outlook.
Lew Frankfort: I'd like to ask Jerry Stritzke to answer that. Jerry?
Jerry Stritzke: Thanks, Lew. We really are well into a 4-year plan that we articulated, I believe, the last -- about a year ago. And that shift has benefited us as we move more and more of our production into countries outside of China, Vietnam, Indonesia, other countries. And that involves both finished goods and raw materials. So as that shift has continued as kind of the mix has offset the actual pressure that we've seen in labor. Obviously, as we look forward, there is a lot of uncertainty about what labor costs will be around Asia and around the manufacturing base. So that's something we'll have to continue to pay attention to as we look to the future.
Lew Frankfort: Jerry, just comment on raw material costs if you would.
Jerry Stritzke: Overall, we've been able -- raw material costs hit a spike about 2 years ago. It dropped. We've been successful, and we have a great raw material team that really spans Asia and Europe and not only addresses leather-based costs but also addresses hardware. So we've had a very aggressive posture of taking positions we need to, optimizing our raw materials costs, which is about 60% of our cost of goods when you look at our handbag and small leather goods. So our expertise and credibility there, including creating new sourcing basis in our new countries where we're doing manufacturing, which cuts our logistics expenses, has all kind of contributed to keeping those costs in check and keeping us in a good place. So it has worked well for us. We'll continue to strive to make it work as we look to the future.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Frankfort for closing comments.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks. Pretty much everything has been said. I'll just close by saying we had a good quarter where we have traction on all of our initiatives. We're well positioned for holiday, and our opportunities for long-term growth continue to be abundant. And we're going to take advantage of all of them. Thank you, everyone, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-07-31 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications  Lew Frankfort - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jane Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Michael D. Tucci - President of Retail Division - North America Victor Luis - President of Coach Retail International
Analysts: Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Erika K. Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly and fiscal year end results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman; and Jane Nielsen, Coach's CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters and fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2011 for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our fourth fiscal quarter and annual 2012 results and will also discuss our overarching strategies. Jane Nielsen will continue with details on financial and operational results of the quarter and year. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we'll be joined by Mike Tucci, North American Group President; Victor Luis, International Group President; and Jerry Stritzke, our President and Chief Operating Officer. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. We will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our release this morning, our double-digit sales and earnings gains in the fourth quarter capped another strong fiscal performance for Coach, highlighted by excellent top and bottom line growth. We were also very pleased with profitability levels in both the quarter and year, as we managed the business to balance productivity gains and margin improvement. We continued to diversify our supply chain, expanding our manufacturing base globally. Importantly, we made significant progress on all of our growth initiatives. Moving on to some key highlights of our quarter and fiscal year. Our performance in FY '12 was highlighted by increases of 15% in revenue, 17% in operating income and 21% in earnings per share. It was a year of several milestones. First, we continued to leverage the international opportunity for Coach, growing organically through distribution and productivity while accelerating the acquisition of key Asian domestic businesses to our direct control. In China, Coach sales exceeded $300 million, up 64%, ending the year with nearly 100 locations. Second, our Men's business doubled in FY '12 to over $400 million, as we continue to open dedicated stand-alone and dual-gender locations globally, while also rolling out a broader expression of men's to nearly 1/3 of our North American retail stores by year end. Third, we successfully expanded our digital initiative, driving double-digit online sales growth, while also exploring new ways to communicate with our consumer and grow our database. And fourth, we increased our quarterly dividend by 1/3, demonstrating our financial strength, cash flow generation and our commitment to shareholder return. This annual performance was capped off by a strong fourth quarter. Some key metrics were: first, net sales totaled $1.16 billion, an increase of 12%. Second, earnings per share totaled $0.86, up 27% from the $0.68 in the prior year. Third, direct-to-consumer sales rose 13%. Fourth, North American same-store sales for the quarter rose 2% on a comparable basis from prior year, while North American total direct sales rose 7%. Fourth, China sales rose 60% as we continue to generate distribution growth and significant double-digit comps in China. And finally, sales in Japan rose 18% in dollars and 16% in constant currency, anniversarying the 2011 impact of the earthquake and tsunami. During the fourth quarter, we opened 4 net new North American retail stores while also opening 7 factory stores, including 5 dedicated Men's stores. At the end of FY '12, there were 354 Full Price and 169 factory stores in operation in North America. This was an increase of 9 Full Price stores, including 3 Men's retail stores, as well as 26 factory stores including 16 Men's stores from the end of FY '11. Total square footage grew 10% for the year. In addition, as forecasted in our third quarter conference call, we accelerated the rollout of a broader expression of Men to an additional 50 locations in Q4. Therefore, at year end in North America, there were 30 Men's stand-alone factory stores, 50 stand-alone Men's retail stores and over 85 Men's retail shop-in-shops -- I'm sorry, 5 stand-alone Men's retail stores and over 85 Men's retail shop-in-shops. Moving to China. During the quarter, we added 11 net new locations, 9 net on the Mainland and 2 in Hong Kong. At the end of the quarter, there were 96 Coach locations in China, including 79 locations on the Mainland and 36 cities. Additionally, there were 14 locations in Hong Kong and 3 in Macau. In aggregate, there was an increase of 30 net new locations for the fiscal year for a square footage increase of 58%. In Japan, 3 locations were added, 2 Men's retail locations and a factory store. At year end, there were 187 total locations in Japan with 23 stand-alone Full Price stores, including 8 flagships, 122 shop-in-shops, 35 factory stores and 7 duty free locations. In total, a net of 11 locations were added in Japan during FY '12 and 3 were expanding, yielding total square footage growth of about 6%. Finally, I wanted to mention our 2 other direct businesses in Asia acquired this fiscal year. First in Singapore, we now operate 7 locations; 5 were acquired last July, and we've opened 2 additional stores during the fiscal year. And second, Taiwan, where we transitioned 26 locations to our direct control in January and opened a new store this quarter. Shortly after the fiscal year ended, we acquired our domestic businesses in Malaysia which included 10 locations, generating annual sales of about $30 million at retail. Indirect sales, which represent about 11% of Coach's sales annually, were even with prior year on a comparable basis, adjusting for the transition of Singapore and Taiwan. Sales were driven by international wholesale shipments, while shipments into U.S. department stores declined as we continued to tightly manage inventory in this channel given retail sales trends. At POS, international sales rose significantly, driven by both distribution and same-location sales gains. While in U.S. department stores, sales decreased moderately on a year-over-year basis in the quarter. We estimate that the addressable women's North American handbag and accessory category grew at least 10% in FY '12. Coach continued to participate in the market growth, performing similarly in our own direct channels. As you know, we're also continuing to drive our Men's business in North America through new stand-alone and dual-gender or side-by-side stores and by dedicating more space for a broader Men's assortment in existing retail stores. In FY '12, Coach's sales of Men's bags and accessories doubled in North America, driving the overall Men's premium category, which grew about 25% to nearly $800 million. Over the fourth quarter, the economic backdrop in the U.S. clearly softened as consumer confidence and sentiment declined. However, our research shows that our customers' intention to purchase Coach over the next year continues to be strong, with more than 2/3 of consumers surveyed noting they probably or definitely would purchase a Coach product in the next 12 months. Our revenues in North America rose 5% with our directly operated businesses up 7%, driven by a 2% comp. As noted in our press release, an increasingly promotional environment in North America led to slower growth than expected in factory stores, which was entirely responsible for the change in the overall retail comp trend from last -- from the prior quarter. As a result, we responded by reinstating our prior practice of in-store couponing in a cross section of factory locations late in the period. It's important to note that we have significant pricing flexibility and a variety of marketing levers available to us in this channel, which allows us to balance productivity gains and margin improvement. The primary driver of our overall retail comp gain was an increase in average transaction size. The trends in our Full Price stores and overall e-commerce channels were consistent with the prior quarter. Our factory store comp was impacted by the elimination of in-store couponing throughout most of the quarter and also by slowing traffic to factory malls. Outside of North America, we saw very strong growth in our international markets. We achieved our strongest top line growth in China, which remains our largest geographic opportunity, given both the size of the market and the rate of growth. During the fourth quarter, our sales again rose sharply, up nearly 60% year-over-year, consistent with the prior quarter and fueled by distribution and significant double-digit same-store sales growth. As I noted upfront, this took our full year sales to over $300 million, up over 60%. For the quarter, as mentioned, we posted a 16% increase in local currency in Japan and an 18% gain in dollars. As we anniversary the impact of last year's earthquake, Japan is a mature market where we are focusing on the Men's opportunity and gaining share in the women's category. Moving on to product. During the fourth quarter, as always, we maintained a high level of product innovation and newness, with the launch of the Hamptons Weekend collection introduced in April and update to Poppy and Madison throughout the quarter. Looking forward, we're excited about the distinctive new look you will see in our stores with the dual-gender Legacy lifestyle collection, which is being introduced over the next month globally. Inspired by our heritage, grounded in leather and featuring distinctive Coach elements, it is our largest product launch in many years. This iconic collection provides a new foundation for the brand, targeting multi-generational consumers who are both classic and stylish in their preferences. As we've discussed, the Legacy launch is driving new merchandising strategies including: first, presenting a bolder lifestyle story about our brand, incorporating categories such as outerwear, jewelry, small accessories, watches and scarves; second, presenting men's and women's together in a powerful store environment; and thirdly, driving major color stories in handbags and accessories to highlight key items. In support of the launch, we're rolling out new visual merchandising enhancements to about 100 of our leading stores in North America, as well as key international locations. This is providing a vibrant new backdrop for the collection, driving consumer interest. Legacy launched in North America just about 10 days ago. So with only a week's worth of sales results, we can tell you that we are pleased with the collection's performance. Thus far, the duffel and the canvas carryall are the top handbag styles, as planned. The vibrant colors are being very well received in both handbags and women's accessories, and prints and fashion styles are best sellers. Of course, we plan to support Legacy through a greater investment in integrated marketing communications, featuring bold new creative across print, digital and outdoor. These major marketing initiatives are timed to coincide with the publication of the September fashion books when they drop in mid-August. Naturally, I also want to update you on Men's, a key global initiative. As mentioned, Men's doubled again in FY '12 to over $400 million globally. And we're experiencing success across all concepts and store types including dedicated stores, shop-in-shops, dual-gender locations and expanded assortments in existing stores and across all geographies and channels. Outside of the U.S. where the male consumer tends to be more style-conscious, we've also opened a number of Men's dedicated stores as well as dual-gender stores. At the end of the year, an expanded assortment of Men's was available in about half of our directly-operated Coach locations globally as well as in many key distributor-operated locations. This performance underscores our confidence in Men's as a significant growth driver for Coach. We continue to believe it will continue -- it will contribute 25% or more of the company's growth over the next several years. As we enter FY '13, our overarching strategies remain largely unchanged; first, leveraging the global opportunity by aggressively growing our international businesses through both distribution expansion and product -- productivity gains; second, continuing to build our women's business in the North American market; third, tapping into the large and now rapidly growing Men's accessory category, which I've already touched on; and fourth, harnessing the growing power of the digital world. Starting with distribution, we expect that our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 12% in FY '13, consistent with last year. Beginning in North America, we will open at least 30 new stores in FY '13, including about 10 new Full Price locations and at least 20 factory outlets, of which about 10 will be Men's stores. One of these new Full Price locations will be a concession shop-in-shop at Macy's Herald Square opening early this fall, the first of its kind for Coach in the U.S. We are very excited about this important department store location, which will feature a flagship face designed for us by renowned architect Rem Koolhaas, who will also be designing our Omotesando flagship in Tokyo next spring. In addition, we're planning to expand about 20 locations, 5 Full Price and 15 factory, to create side-by-side stores with a separate entrance and dedicated Men's shop. In total, we expect North American square footage growth of at least 10% this year, similar to last year, driven by our expanding Men's business. Turning to China. As you know, we're committed to open -- opening about 30 new locations a year. Finding the right people to manage and staff our stores to provide the right Coach in-store experience constrains us from more rapid distribution growth. In FY '13, we again expect to open about 30 new stores, bringing the total to around 125 locations at the end of the year. All of these openings are planned to be dual-gender stores due to the size of the Men's opportunity. In total, square footage in China is expected to grow about 35% in FY '13. And we expect sales to total at least $400 million, driven by both distribution and comparable location sales. In terms of our other direct markets of Singapore, Taiwan and Malaysia, our primary focus is driving productivity as we continue to invest in training, merchandising, store environments and systems, creating a brand-right experience. This will also be true of Korea, where we are acquiring the domestic retail business from our current distributor within the next few days. As a reminder, Coach's current annual sales in Korea are about $120 million, including global travel retail or about 5% of the $2.6 billion premium bag and accessory market. The domestic retail business generates about $60 million across 48 locations. In addition, there are 14 Korean travel retail locations, which will continue to be managed by third-party duty-free operators and are not part of this agreement. In Japan, the overall consumer market remains challenging and the category continues to be fairly stagnant, although fully back to pre-earthquake levels. Our focus continues to be on gaining market share, and we have done this quite well in our core women's business. During this fiscal year, we expect to open about 10 net new locations in Japan, most of them dedicated Men's stores. We are also particularly excited about our 5,000 square foot Omotesando flagship, scheduled to open next spring. In total, we expect that net square footage growth in Japan will increase by about 10% this year compared to about 5% in FY '12. Finally, beyond our directly owned international businesses in Asia, we do have significant and growing distributor-run businesses in other countries. Brazil, Kuwait and Vietnam were all new markets for Coach in FY '12. Finally, beyond our directly owned businesses in Asia, we're focusing on expanding through distributor partners in 3 regions: first, other emerging markets in Asia, such as Vietnam and Indonesia; second, Latin America including Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia, Panama, Chile and Peru; and third, the Middle East, where Kuwait has been our newest addition. These are in addition to the significant global travel retail opportunities that continues to exist for Coach. Touching on Europe, we’ve begun to build the foundation for long-term growth with 25 locations across the U.K., France, Ireland, Spain and Portugal. First in the U.K., we have started our multichannel model. We had 5 locations opened at the end of FY '12 including 2 London flagships. We're continuing to gain traction in this market as the U.K. consumer is embracing Coach and the majority of our business is domestic. Second in France, where we are partnered with Printemps, we've opened 9 locations to date. Importantly, our key Boulevard Haussmann women's and men's shop-in-shops are performing well with the global tourists as we build our brand awareness with the Parisian shopper. Altogether, we expect to add about 5 locations in Europe during FY '13. I've just reviewed our strategies to drive our growth at a double-digit pace, giving -- given the continuing strength of the Coach brand and our increasing global expansion. We have significant runway ahead of us both in North America, which remains a growing market and worldwide, while our focus on Men's and digital provide additional opportunities for growth. At this time, I will turn it over to Jane Nielsen, our CFO, for further detail on our financials and investment plans. Jane?
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Lew. Lew has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our fourth quarter and fiscal year results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues rose 12% with direct-to-consumer, which represents about 89% of our business, up 13%; and our indirect segment [Audio Gap] with prior year. Net income for the quarter increased 24% and totaled $251 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.86, up 27%. For the fiscal year, sales rose 15%, totaling $4.76 billion. We saw leverage to the bottom line with earnings per share at $3.53, up 21%, and net income of $1.04 billion, up 18%. For the quarter, operating income totaled $371 million on a non-GAAP basis, 19% above the $312 million reported in the year-ago period, while operating margin was 32.1% versus 30.3% for the prior year. During the quarter, gross profit rose 13% to $838 million from 748 -- $741 million recorded a year ago while gross margin was 72.6% versus 71.8%, primarily due to channel mix and sourcing cost improvement. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales totaled 40.5% compared to 41.5% reported in the year-ago quarter. We were pleased that we were able to gain 100 basis points of leverage in the quarter, as our primary direct businesses here in North America and in Japan provided leverage to the corporate P&L. During the quarter, we recorded certain items including a favorable tax settlement. As a result, we made charitable contributions which precisely offset the benefit of the tax settlement to net income and earnings per share. Therefore, on a GAAP basis, operating income for the fourth quarter was $352 million with a 30.4% margin and an SG&A expense ratio of 42.1%. On a non-GAAP basis, for the full year, operating income totaled $1.55 billion, 17% above the $1.33 billion reported in the year-ago period, while operating margin was 32.6% versus 32.0%. For the year, gross profit rose 15% to -- $3.47 billion from $3.02 billion a year ago. As expected, gross margin was 72.8% versus 72.7%. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales totaled 40.2% compared to the 40.7% reported in fiscal 2011. During both FY '12 and FY '11, we recorded certain items including favorable tax settlements. As a result and in both years, we made charitable contributions which precisely offset the benefit of these tax settlements to net income and earnings per share. Therefore, on a GAAP basis, operating income for the fiscal year 2012 was $1.51 billion, with a 31.7% margin and an SG&A expense ratio of 41.0%. This compared to fiscal year 2011 operating income of $1.3 billion on a GAAP basis with an operating margin of 31.4% and an SG&A expense ratio of 41.3%. Moving on to the balance sheet. Inventory levels at quarter end were $504 million, up 19.6% from FY '11 year end, consistent with our expectations. This inventory level allows us to support distribution growth and to maximize sales this summer and fall. Cash and short-term investments stood at $917 million, 31% above the $702 million a year ago, after $700 million of share repurchases in the interim 12 months. During the fourth fiscal quarter alone, we repurchased and retired about 2.5 million shares of our common stock at an average cost of $67.79, spending a total of $169 million. At the end of the year, 262 million remained under our present repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter was $283 million compared to $221 million last year during Q4. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was an inflow of $210 million versus $164 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $73 million versus $57 million in the same quarter a year ago. For the full fiscal year 2012, net cash from operating activities was $1.2 billion compared to $1 billion a year ago. Free cash flow in fiscal year '12 was an inflow of $1 billion versus $886 million in fiscal year '11. CapEx spending totaled $184 million for the year compared to $148 million in the prior year. It's important to note that based on our current plans for FY '13, we expect that our CapEx for next year will be up in the area of $250 million, primarily due to new store openings and expansion across all geographies, elevating our store environments within our existing stores and investments in the technology and infrastructure necessary to enable global expansion. Consistent with our practice over the past several years, we are not giving specific guidance for FY '13. We're mindful of balancing the impact of a muted consumer environment in North America and a softening global macroeconomic outlook with our optimism around the launch of Legacy, Men's growth and the strong international expansion opportunities for Coach. As noted, FY '13 will be an investment year for us as we amplify our actions to drive long-term growth. Our most significant investment is accelerating our international growth through the acquisition of the domestic retail operation of our key Asian distributors and the further development of infrastructure to support this global growth. In FY '13, we will also distort our investments in the digital space to expand and deepen our engagement with consumers. In addition, we will increase our marketing spend toward strengthening our brand positioning with distinctive new product and elevated store environment across all channels and geographies. Some of these initiatives will be in the form of CapEx, as I mentioned, while others will result in higher operating expenses, such as those associated with the transition of the Asia retail businesses including Taiwan, which we won't anniversary until January 2013; and the Malaysia and Korea, which will be acquired in Q1. So while our core businesses are expected to continue to deliver modest operating leverage, we expect that together, these investments, along the with increased brand support, will result in some deleverage in FY '13 while providing a platform for -- to accelerate our earnings growth in the years beyond. Therefore, when you're thinking about the year, keep in mind the following: first and most generally, we do expect to achieve double-digit sales growth. Our sales will be driven in part by low to mid single-digit comps in North America where our comparisons will be more difficult in the first half. In addition, currency is likely to be more of a headwind early in the year. Second, our gross margin is planned to improve modestly, as channel mix and our sourcing initiatives continue to contribute to profitability. On balance, we expect gross margin to remain high and in the 73% range for the year. Third, on SG&A, international acquisitions alone will cause our expenses to rise at least 150 basis points. In addition, the in-store enhancements and marketing programs for Legacy will have a more pronounced impact in the first quarter. Fourth, therefore taken together, we would expect some compression in the operating margin to about 31%. Notably, we expect our core businesses to continue to deliver leverage. And fifth, our tax rate is likely to be in the area of 33% for the year as we further refine our international tax strategy. Therefore, when you're modeling out the quarters, I would like you to remember that the first quarter will be the most challenging in terms of both top line as we're up against very strong North American comp and a larger currency benefit, in bottom line due to the disproportionate impact of the investments and brand spend. In summary, FY '12 was an excellent year, demonstrating our ability to manage our business nimbly while advancing our key growth initiative. We're accelerating our distribution plan to leverage the emerging market opportunity with a particular focus on China, exploring new geographies and capitalizing on the increasing popularity and recognition of the Coach brand with discerning consumers, both men and women globally. Most importantly, our goals are unchanged. We remain committed to achieving double-digit top and bottom line growth over our planning horizon. We have a business model that generates significant cash flow, and we are in a position to invest in our brand while continuing to return capital to shareholder. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kimberly Greenberger.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Morgan Stanley. [Technical Difficulty]
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Apologies, we seem to be experiencing technical difficulties. [Technical Difficulty]
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Morgan Stanley. I wanted to see if you could help us understand the differential between the factory comp and the Full Price comp here in the fourth quarter and how that changed relative to third quarter. And then just looking forward, as you dynamically manage your promotions, how -- if you can just talk to us about the different strategies you're expecting to employ as you work toward that low to mid single-digit comp in the upcoming year, that would be helpful.
Lew Frankfort: Mike Tucci will answer the question.
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. [Audio Gap] remain steady. We did see a change in run rate in factory. And what we saw was the success of our pricing strategy in Q3 against a less promotional environment, with more robust traffic trends were successful. We were able to maintain higher rates of productivity and comps, and that changed late in the fourth quarter as we anniversaried a more promotional environment in factory. And we saw a change in factory tempo in terms of traffic levels in factory stores. We responded to it. We took action. We pushed a stronger value message into our stores. We revamped our signage and presentation programs in the stores to show a more pronounced level of newness and value, and we continue to do that as we enter into July. And the learning for us is that as we see a more promotional environment, as we are up against a heavier promotional cadence in factory stores, we have to be nimble. We have to use a variety of levers in terms of messaging and pricing, and we have to run the business for a balance of sales productivity and margin improvement. And that's the approach that we're taking going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Just a follow-up on Kimberly's factory question. Did you find out once you change the promotional cadence, you saw the comp pick back up, and is that what the guidance is based on going forward? And just to follow up on Legacy, happy to hear that things are going well or according to plan. And just any more color you should give us on the outlook for the Full Price store comp?
Michael D. Tucci: Okay, sure. The reality is that we did see an improvement in our factory business when we went back to a more aggressive stance in the stores. And it's a channel where we have to constantly find the right balance between pricing, value, newness and achieving the right levels of margin. I think long term, our objective is to continue to deliver growth in this channel, and that's our approach going forward. We do see in the front half of our FY '13 a fairly promotional compare, as well as an environment that we think will become increasingly promotional from a macro standpoint. So we have to be prepared, and we're working the business to drive results, hence our guidance for FY '13. I'm going to pass it to Lew to speak to Legacy on a global level, and then I can add some color here in North America.
Lew Frankfort: Sure. We're just getting Legacy out. I mentioned it's in our North American stores for about a week, and we just launched it in China and in most Asian markets. In Japan, it won't be launched for another -- a few weeks even though we're in some presell activities. Overall, the collection is doing well and it's meeting our expectations. It's early days for us to talk to what it will mean overall globally for the business, and we are taking a more cautious approach, considering the macro environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Maschmeyer.
Erika K. Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Robert W. Baird. I guess to follow up on Legacy, could you talk about how big you expect it to ultimately be, how long do you expect the lifespan of the launch to be?
Lew Frankfort: Sure. As we've indicated on, the Legacy collection is inspired by very -- great success of product from our archives. And what we've done is create a modern interpretation that is relevant and stylish today and we are confident will be relevant and stylish tomorrow. Our intention is for this to be a multiyear dual-gender platform that will allow us to more strongly differentiate ourselves against competitors since the branding materials detail on styling is unique and authentic to Coach. We have a real confidence that Legacy will be embraced by both women and men worldwide.
Michael D. Tucci: I think to add to that, in terms of how we're planning the cadence of the launch, the marketing launch in the marketplace, both from a digital as well as traditional media standpoint, really begins to hit mid-August. We have just launched here in North America our first product flow across our department store channels and our retail stores. We are also refreshing with new styles and colors monthly. We have a significant investment in Legacy as part of our holiday gifting strategy in our Q2 strategy, which is our most important quarter. And then we will begin some nuance Legacy in the second half of the year, our fiscal year, with additional elements such as the weekend concept and additional expressions from a category standpoint to round out multi-category platform within Legacy. So it's ongoing, it's throughout the year and it's seasonally enhanced.
Operator: Our next question comes from Barbara Wyckoff.
Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: It's Betty, [ph] CLSA. How is the performance in Tier 2, 3 and 4 cities in China evolving as new store opens and as sort of the economy sort of changes a bit? Could you talk about last year and then how you think it's going to play out this year?
Lew Frankfort: Victor?
Victor Luis: Sure. As we talked about last quarter, we continue to have a performance in Tier 2 and 3 cities, which continues to exceed our expectations actually. We're now, as Lew mentioned in his remarks, in 36 cities, of which 15 locations now in Tier 3 cities. So really, a small percentage of the 79 total locations across China. So still tremendous opportunity ahead for us with approximately 120 cities as we know with a population of 1 million or more. So we continue to be very excited about the distribution opportunity.
Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: And how are the factory stores starting to work out?
Victor Luis: Today, we still have a small number of factory locations. We are in 11 locations, including 2 in Hong Kong and Macau. So 9 on the Mainland. A tremendous amount of interest in the channel from developers, both domestic and international. And we are seeing the Coach proposition resonate extremely well, and we're very excited about the long-term opportunity for that channel in that market, especially as more and more traditional luxury brands as well become interested in the channel and helped to raise its awareness with the Chinese consumer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: It's ISI Group. I wanted to ask you guys about, it sounds like the category still is very strong. I think you cited 10% category growth for the full year, and it's obviously is one of the largest players and the key players in the category. How are you guys thinking about this, the handbags, the accessories market in the cycle that we appear to be in? It's been so strong in the last few years, especially relative to fashion and apparel, which has been a much weaker segment. Do you think that the consumer spending patterns have changed? Are you confident that the category growth will remain strong? Obviously, a key question given that you're the category leader.
Lew Frankfort: Well, first, Omar, the category has been growing disproportionately for nearly 15 years now. There's been a real shift in women's spending patterns as she has consistently distorted her spending away from apparel towards accessories as a way to update her wardrobe. We expect that to continue. At the same time, we believe that there's a very substantial opportunity globally and as well as here in the U.S. in the men's accessories area where the category is experiencing outsized growth. We mentioned that the category grew by about 25% this year here in the United States, and a majority of that growth came from Coach. So we do feel that while the category, like all discretionary consumer spending, is subject to change based upon consumer sentiment, we believe that the changes will be less pronounced than in other categories.
Operator: Our next question comes from Liz Dunn.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: Macquarie. I guess my question relates to China profitability, men's profitability, some of the investment initiatives. Can you just update us on where those finished fiscal 2012 and what we should look for, for 2013 to just as sort of discrete items or in combination, what the dilution is? And when some of these investment initiatives should sort of turn into positive territory from a contribution standpoint to the bottom line?
Jane Nielsen: Sure, Liz. First, when we think about China profitability, what we said and what we've seen is that China's four-wall profitability is in the 40% range. So the store contribution is in the 40% range. It is on a path as it achieves growth, and we scaled some of the investments that we're making in infrastructure to be one of our most profitable markets. We don't talk about specific market profitability, but we're very encouraged with the progress we've made on our four-wall profitability. Men's initiative overall is even with the rest of our business. So as we grow Men's, it's just as attractive and as profitable as our basic women's business. So we're very excited about that growth.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then just as we think about Asia x profitability in total and some of the investment spending this year, like is this a multiyear thing or should we see some accretion from those businesses through 2014 and beyond?
Jane Nielsen: So what you'll see, Liz, is in the year that -- and we called it out as a one-time impact, is the impact of our overall acquisitions of the distributors. So the half year impact of Taiwan and the impact of Korea and Malaysia will be a drag to overall operating profit and SG&A in the year. As we move through, we work through the inventory, which is written up, and we work through some of the SG&A and re-assort and get these businesses on growth, they are long-term value creating and growth enhancing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Tunick.
Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: JPMorgan. Two quick ones. I guess, Jane, maybe some comments on the gross margin guidance this year and maybe beyond? Just trying to get an update on the sourcing initiatives and maybe how the couponing back in factory maybe changes your view of what you think the gross margin opportunity is? And then maybe someone on the product side can talk beyond Legacy. What does the product introduction cadence look like in the coming 12 months versus the previous, as you obviously invested in Legacy and talked about the newness opportunities to drive continued growth in the Full Price business?
Jane Nielsen: Sure. Brian, let's start with gross margins. So first of all, let's take FY '12. We were very pleased in the fourth quarter. We had 80 basis points of expansion, largely driven by channel mix and our sourcing initiative. As we've guided to, we expect to see continued gross margin expansion next year in the 73% range. That is going to be driven by, again, our continued sourcing initiative as we continue to diversify our manufacturing base. It's going to be driven by favorable channel mix. And a prudent approach, as Mike called out, to promotion in the factories. Those 3 factors together are what are giving us confidence to give you the -- to give the guidance of an improved gross margin next year. Overall in newness, we see Legacy as a powerful collection. And its gross margin will be about consistent with our existing business. So we expect no material effect up or down with Legacy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jessica Sean [ph].
Unknown Analyst: I was wondering, as we think about the comp and the full-line stores in the fourth quarter, I was wondering if you could talk about the impact of the rollout of the men's assortment and what that had on productivity and ASP for those stores? And also what is your expectation for the impact as we look to next year?
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. A couple of things. One, in the stores that entered the quarter with men's fully positioned, and that was about half of where we landed at the end of the quarter, Men's was a significant driver of comp and productivity. The overall comp impact for the Men's shops that we added in Q4 was less significant because they came in very late at the quarter. You'll see a bigger impact for Men's as the comp driver in FY '13 as we go into Q1 virtually fully established. There are a handful of very significant shop installations happening in the first half of the year based on lease timing. But the majority of our Men's work in terms of impact in shops and stores happened right at the end of the quarter and will have a bigger impact on FY '13.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Nomura. As you look at factory, how much of it was traffic versus a conversion issue? And Lew, as you just take a step back and look at that factory business, how much do you look at the issues there being macro versus maybe having a less inspiring product assortment versus maybe just simply coming up against a ceiling of how many dollars you can move through those boxes?
Lew Frankfort: It's a great question, and it's something we think end about all of the time and work. First, there was a overall decline in the rate of traffic later in the quarter. And this is -- transcends Coach but has impacted us, particularly in June. And what we saw among other retailers starting really in May was an intensification of their promotional activities including the perennial in-store coupon to drive additional shopping. So we do see what occurred in our fleet late in the quarter heavily driven by the macro environment. And as Mike said, we were up against very strong promotional activities last year. In terms of product, certainly product is a factor. We actually introduced a strong platform in the second half of June. We sent deletes from our Full Price, Kristin, and that coupled with the reinstatement of coupons, reinvigorated factory performance. We believe that when we look at factory bricks-and-mortar, both on digital as the nominee channel, that we have huge opportunities to drive additional factory sales. That is basically buying discontinued or made-for-factory product at a discount. And the appetite, of course, among consumers to buy product at a discount is insatiable and growing.
Michael D. Tucci: Lew, I think the only piece that I can add, on the operational side of things, we do not -- we work very, very hard on throughput, productivity, managing transactions in stores. In fact, we launched our first phase of mobile POS in factory stores on a pilot basis. We do not see a cap on productivity in our stores from a throughput standpoint. We've been through this for a number of years. We've been through multiple peaks around holidays, and we still see tremendous headroom in terms of productivity and operational efficiency in our stores.
Lew Frankfort: And the only -- the last thing I'll add is that we are going through a project to elevate the in-store experience. And we are in the midst of developing prototypes which we plan to roll out during this year, that will show a much more integrated, broader Coach experience, which will focus off, in addition to bags and accessories, on other lifestyle categories such as sunwear, wearable jewelry, outerwear and -- to name several.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jennifer Davis.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Lazard Capital Markets. First, let me say that the Legacy assortment looks amazing, so I can see why you guys are so excited about it. And then just a quick clarification, just want to make sure I heard correctly. Comps at Full Price stores in the fourth quarter increased around 6.7%, right?
Lew Frankfort: What we said was that they remain consistent with their level last year. We do not -- last quarter. We do not disaggregate comps. And our overall comps were 6.7% in the third quarter. And what we went on to say was that the entire decline was due to a decline in performance within our factory channel during the fourth quarter.
Jennifer M. Davis - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then my question is for Mike Tucci. Just wondering what your thoughts are on the North American wholesale business, now that you're in charge of that business as well. Do you think that there are any changes to the strategy maybe that you could make there?
Michael D. Tucci: I do. Quick learnings there for me. One, we have a strong team here with great relationships with our key partners in the department stores. The department store leaders are very committed to Coach. We're working extremely hard to create the same excitement around Legacy in department stores that we have in our retail stores. And so the investment that we're making around presentation, product assortment, training and development and marketing really carries over into the wholesale channel. That launch was timed exactly to the day with -- when we launched in our retail stores. I think the first major flagship in a department store that's going to be run by the Coach direct team in Herald Square as part of the accessories hall that Macy's is doing in New York is a tremendous opportunity for us and one that we may find some opportunities for a longer term in terms of the operating model. So we're working very hard on that channel to protect our position there as a market share leader and to deliver value to that consumer.
Operator: Our next question comes -- our final question comes from Christian Buss.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Crédit Suisse. I was wondering if you could talk a bit about the marketing investments and the cadence you expect there over the course of fiscal '13, and how that's going to impact the P&L?
Jane Nielsen: Yes. So the marketing investments that we're talking about overall will be more front-end loaded. As we talked about we are distorting our marketing early in the year to support Legacy so you will see it, especially in the first quarter. And as we move through the year, we will be investing through the year. In aggregate, our incremental marketing investment we're expecting to be about $0.04 to EPS, a little more than $0.04 to EPS.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. Wondering if you could also talk about the concession shop with Macy's and what the thinking is there and whether that might become a model on a go-forward basis for North America?
Lew Frankfort: Let me begin by saying that outside the U.S., all of our shop-in-shops are leased shops. These are -- they are all concession shops where we pay based on performance and, in some cases, a guaranteed minimum threshold. So this is really the prevailing model outside the United States, and we've enjoyed great success with that model. In the U.S., the situation is quite different, as department stores have maintained their direct operation of virtually all of their shops. We don't expect that to change materially. We see Macy's as an exceptional situation. We're partnering with Macy's to really create a global flagship for Coach that will attract tourists, both from the United States and abroad, to Macy's to see our spectacular shop.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you. That’s going to conclude our conference call today. We went a little longer than usual to make up for some of early technical difficulties. But now, I'd like to turn it back over to Lew for a few closing words. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: Let me begin by saying that we know there's a lot of interest in what we announced today. Obviously, some of the metrics were lower than what Wall Street expected. The reality is that we manage our business for the long term, and we have real clarity about what we're doing and where we're traveling and are very confident in our long-term growth prospects and our ability to drive our business at a double-digit pace. We have an exceptionally strong franchise. We have a seasoned and nimble management team and operating team, and we're driven to win. And I believe that you will find that in the seasons and years to come, we will prevail as we have over the years and decades. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the Coach Earnings Conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications  Lew Frankfort - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael D. Tucci - President of Retail Division - North America Jane Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Victor Luis - President of Coach Retail International Jerry Stritzke - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division David A. Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Neely J.N. Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks, Wendy. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. With me to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO; and Jane Nielsen, Coach's CFO. Mike Tucci, North American Group President is also joining us to discuss our retail initiatives, including Men's and digital and new product introductions. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties, such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2011, for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our third fiscal quarter 2012 results and will also discuss our strategies going forward. Mike Tucci will review some new initiatives in North American retail, product and merchandising strategy and Men's. Jane Nielsen will conclude with details on financial and operational results of the quarter. Following that, we will hold the Q&A session where we will be joined by Jerry Stritzke, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Victor Luis, our International Group President. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Lew will then conclude with some brief summary comments.  I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our release this morning, we're very pleased with our third quarter results, including strong sales and earnings growth, as well as operating margin expansion. Our performance clearly demonstrates the vibrancy of the Coach brand, our innovative and relevant product offering and our multichannel international distribution model. Further, the announcement today of the increased dividend reflects our financial strength and our confidence in Coach's future.  While I will get into more detail about the outlook for the category and our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some key highlights of our third fiscal quarter were: first, earnings per share rose 24% to $0.77 compared with $0.62 in the prior year; second, quarterly net sales totaled $1.11 billion versus $951 million a year ago, an increase of 17%; third, direct-to-consumer sales, which represent over 85% of total sales, and now include domestic retail businesses in Singapore and Taiwan, rose 18% to $984 million from $837 million in the prior year on a comparable basis; fourth, North American same-store sales for the quarter rose 6.7% from prior year while total North American direct-to-consumer sales rose 13%; fifth, we continued to generate very strong sales growth of nearly 60% and double-digit comps in China, where we remain on course to generate at least $300 million in sales this year; and finally, sales in Japan rose 10% versus prior year in constant currency and rose 14% in dollars.  In North America during the quarter, we opened one retail store, closed another, while opening 5 factory stores, including 2 Men's factory stores. Thus, at the end of the period, there were 350 full-priced and 162 factory stores in operation in North America.  Moving to China. We added 5 new locations, all on the Mainland, bringing us to 85 Coach locations at quarter end, including 12 in Hong Kong, 3 in Macau and 70 locations on the Mainland in 32 cities.  And in Japan, 3 locations were opened, all Men's, while 3 were closed. At quarter end, there were 184 total locations in Japan.  Finally, I thought I would briefly mention our 2 other direct businesses in Asia acquired this fiscal year. First, in Singapore, we now operate 6 locations. Five were acquired last July, and we've opened one additional store since. And second, Taiwan, where we transitioned 26 locations to our direct control in January.  Indirect sales rose 10% from prior year to $125 million from $114 million on an -- on a comparable basis. Sales for the quarter at retail and international wholesale locations increased while sales at POS in U.S. department stores were modestly below last year's third quarter.  We estimate that the addressable women's U.S. handbag and accessory category grew about 10% in the March quarter, consistent with the increases it experienced over the last year. Similarly, Coach's total North American women's bag and accessory business grew at the same rate as the category over the period.  Separately, it's worth noting that we once again saw continued modest improvement in our customers' outlook for the economy, with about 66% of those surveyed now believing that the U.S. economy is stable or getting better, up from 60% last quarter and 58% a year ago.  Our intention to purchase Coach over the next year continues to be strong, with more than 2/3 of consumers surveyed noting they probably or definitely would purchase a Coach product in the next 12 months. In North America, our total revenues rose 12%, with our directly operated businesses up 13% driven by a 7% comp as we managed the business to balance productivity gains and margin improvement.  All direct channels benefited from our innovative digital media strategy, spanning our own websites, mobile platform and social media, which enabled customers to purchase wherever they preferred to engage with our brand. The primary driver of our retail comp gain was an increase in the overall number of transactions while an increase in average transaction size contributed as well. Overall retail traffic rose as traffic on the Internet continued to gain momentum, with in-store trends consistent with prior quarters.  Turning to our store channels. Both performed similarly, fueled by average transaction size gains while conversion also rose in retail stores.  As we've discussed many times outside of North America, China is our largest geographic opportunity given the size of the market and the rate of growth. During the quarter, our sales again rose sharply, up nearly 60% from prior year, fueled by distribution and double-digit same-store sales growth. This overall growth rate was similar to our last quarter with a change in composition of the drivers, as distribution was the larger contributor to growth. Clearly, the Chinese consumer has embraced Coach as evidenced by the extremely high repurchase intent of over 90% among existing customers.  While Jane will get into more detail on our financials and I will discuss our outlook in some detail, I did want to give you this recap. Before I turn the call over to Mike, I would like to take this opportunity to discuss some organizational changes, which we put into place over the quarter, to more closely align the leadership of Coach with the needs of our business, both in North America and in our rapidly expanding international markets. These changes will help us leverage our many business opportunities around the world and prepare us to operate efficiently at the scale we envision during our planning horizon.  First, Mike Tucci has assumed the new role of North American Group President responsible for North American retail, global, digital media and customer engagement and North American wholesale. This will ensure an even more cohesive approach to our brand, merchandising and retail experience wherever our customers choose to shop with us in North America.  And second, on the international side, Victor Luis has assumed a new role of International Group President responsible for our directly operated retail businesses in Coach Japan, Coach China and Coach Asia and for our wholesale business within Coach international. This will facilitate an even smoother transition of businesses we plan to manage directly in the future, such as Malaysia and Korea. It will create significant synergies as we look to optimize our brand experience in our own directly managed stores, in our distributorships in Coach Europe and in a growing global travel retail market.  Now I'll turn it over to Mike Tucci to discuss our North American retail business and our global product initiative. Mike?
Michael D. Tucci: Thanks, Lew, and good morning. Today, I'd like to review a number of retail strategies that were implemented in North America during the quarter, as well as providing an update on our global product initiatives and our Men's business.  As noted in our press release, we leveraged the underlying strength in our North American business and implemented a significant shift in our pricing strategy in factory stores during the quarter, as we eliminated in-store couponing across our network. Our new "no math" pricing structure provides us with greater marketing flexibility and a more targeted value proposition while enabling us to drive excellent margins. Additionally, our store associates can now devote more time and energy to engagement, sharing product knowledge and building the sale.  Complementing these in-store strategies, we expanded our e-commerce factory programs. As you know, earlier this fiscal year, we introduced an invitation-only flash-sale site targeted towards our most loyal, factory-exclusive consumers. This provides them with the convenience of shopping online, enjoying the same product and value as found in our stores for a limited time period.  We also began working with a number of small -- of third-party flash sites, targeting their unique databases of value-conscious consumers with the intention of introducing them to Coach factory, which also contributed to our overall comp this quarter. Our early results indicate further opportunity for highly profitable customer acquisition in this value channel.  Moving on to product. During the third quarter, we launched an updated Poppy collection with a fresh point of view and several new silhouettes, including the hippie, hobo and, most importantly, the Willis, which harkens back to the classic Willis bag of the '90s. We also introduced a fresh spring palette in Madison.  In late February, we focused on Kristin with 4 new styles across multiple fabrication and a beautiful new woven leather concept in soft, feminine colors. At the end of the quarter, we launched Hamptons Weekend, primarily a tote and shoulder bag group, which was also informed by a collection from our archives.  One of the most exciting product successes we're enjoying is the excellent consumer response to both Willis and Hamptons Weekend on a global level. Both of these groups rooted in classic Coach are precursors to and will be components of a major collection launch this summer called Legacy.  Also inspired by our heritage, grounded in leather and featuring iconic Coach elements, the dual-gender Legacy lifestyle collection will encompass the complete world of Coach and will be our largest product launch in many years. Early pilots are currently underway and results underscore our confidence in this major initiative.  The Legacy launch will also drive new merchandising strategies across all retail stores, including presenting a bolder lifestyle story for our brand, incorporating categories such as outerwear, jewelry, small accessories, watches and scarves, presenting men's and women's together in a powerful store environment and driving major color stories in handbags and accessories to highlight key items.  We're also very excited about the results we're continuing to achieve in our Men's business, which is on track to double again this year to over $400 million globally. We experienced success in Men's across all concepts and store types, including dedicated stores, shop-in-shops, dual-gender locations and expanded assortments in existing stores and across all geographies and channels. In North America, we see Men's as both a way to drive productivity in existing stores and a substantial new distribution opportunity.  Given this success, we're now accelerating the rollout of Men's within existing retail stores. By the end of this fiscal year, we expect to have a broader expression of Men's in nearly 100 Coach retail stores in North America, up from 42 at the end of the third quarter. Outside the U.S. where Men participate in the category at a higher rate, new dual gender and dedicated Men's shops will remain the primary distribution growth vehicles.  In summary, we're pleased with the continued progress we've made in improving productivity and our Men's initiative. We're feeling great about the balance of the spring season, given the current sales trends in our retail businesses and the Legacy launch in the seasons ahead.  With that, I'll turn it back to Lew for a discussion of our strategies and other opportunities for growth. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Mike. As most of you know, we have 4 overarching growth strategies: first, building our women's business in the North American market; second, leveraging the global opportunity; third, tapping into the large and growing men's accessory category; and fourth, harnessing the growing power of the digital world.  As our distribution plans for the current year haven't changed since our last earnings call in January, I will briefly recap. We expect that our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 13% this year compared to 9% in FY '11.  Starting in North America, we're on course to open about 40 new stores this year, including the 27 opened during the first 9 months. These openings will include about 15 full-priced and 25 factory outlets, with about half being dedicated Men's locations. In total, we expect North American square footage growth of about 10% this year, driven by Men's. Turning to China. As you know, this year, we're accelerating new store openings with about 30 locations planned or an additional 10 for the balance of fiscal year, bringing the total to about 95 at the end of FY '12. All of these openings will be dual-gender stores due to the size of the Men's opportunity.  In Japan, we now expect to open about 10 net new locations with an additional 2 net new stores expected during the fourth quarter. In total, we anticipate that net square footage growth in Japan will increase by about 5% this year compared to 3% last year.  Consistent with our strategy of directly operating select Asian markets at the beginning of the quarter, we transitioned our domestic retail business in Taiwan, which has about 25 locations and generates about $50 million of annual sales at retail to Coach's direct control. This follows our acquisition of Singapore last summer and will be followed by the acquisition of our Malaysian domestic retail operations in July, as we have previously announced.  In addition, as noted in our press release, we are very pleased to announce that we have signed an agreement to take control of our Korean domestic retail business from our current distributor, Shinsegae International, effective in early FY '13. Over the last several years, we have enjoyed an excellent partnership with Shinsegae. They have been instrumental in the development of the Coach brand in Korea, including the opening of several important locations in key department stores in Seoul and in other major cities throughout the country.  For perspective, our current annual sales in Korea are about $120 million, including global travel retail, or about 5% of the $2.4 billion premium bag and accessory market. The domestic retail business generates about $60 million across 47 locations. In addition, there are 14 Korean travel retail locations, which will continue to be managed by third-party, duty-free operators and are not part of this agreement.  It's important to note that these acquisitions allow us to leverage the investment we have already made in the region utilizing the infrastructure created over the last few years, including our Asia shared services center and the Asia distribution center. In addition, we find these stores experience a significant improvement in productivity when they become directly managed, as we control the total brand experience. Outside of our directly operated markets, we continue to have thriving distributor-run businesses in other locations. This year, we expect to open about 35 net new international wholesale locations expanding to new markets, including Brazil, Vietnam and Kuwait. In fact, our first location in Brazil opened earlier this month in Morumbi Shoppings mall to an excellent consumer response. We believe this bodes well for our expansion into other South American countries later this calendar year.  Touching on Europe, where we're beginning to build a foundation for long-term growth. First, in the U.K., we have started our multichannel model. This week, we will open a shop-in-shop in Liberty department store and a flagship store on Regent Street. We are continuing to gain traction in this market as the U.K. consumer is embracing Coach and the majority of our business is domestic.  Second, in France, where we have partnered with Printemps, our key Boulevard Haussmann women's and men's shop-in-shops are performing well with the global tourists, as we build Men's -- as we build brand awareness with the Parisian shopper. In total, we expect to open 11 locations in Europe in FY '12, bringing our total locations to 25 by year end. In closing, we're energized by the continued pace of change in growth at Coach. We're confident that our 4 overarching growth strategies will continue to drive our momentum and enable us to realize the many opportunities in front of us.  At this time, I would like to turn it over to Jane Nielsen, our CFO, for further detail on our financials. Jane?
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Lew. Lew and Mike have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financials of our third quarter results.  As we mentioned, our quarterly revenues rose 17%. Our direct-to-consumer segment, which represents over 85% of our business, was up 18%, and our indirect business rose 10%. As a reminder, the year-ago revenues for both segments were adjusted for the transition of Singapore and Taiwan. Earnings per share for the quarter increased 24% to $0.77 as compared to $0.62 in the year-ago period, as net income rose to $225 million from $186 million.  For the third quarter, our operating income totaled $337 million, up 21% from the -- from $280 million reported on a non-GAAP basis in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter expanded 100 basis points to 30.4% compared to 29.4% in the year-ago period. In the third quarter, gross profit rose 18% to $818 million from $692 million a year ago, and gross margin rate expanded 100 basis points to 73.8% compared to 72.8% the prior year, driven by both manufacturing cost benefits and new pricing strategies implemented in the quarter.  Moving to expenses. We were pleased that we were able to hold our expense rate in the third quarter, given the previously discussed impact of the Taiwan transition. Specifically, SG&A expenses as a percent of sales was 43.3% versus 43.4% on a non-GAAP basis. As noted in our press release, during the year-ago quarter, we recorded certain items including a favorable tax settlement. As a result, we made charitable contribution which precisely offset the benefit of the tax settlement to net income and earnings per share. Therefore, on a GAAP basis, operating income for the prior year's third quarter was $254 million with a 26.7% margin and the SG&A expense ratio was 46.1%.  Moving on to the balance sheet. Inventories at the end of the quarter were $475 million, up 21% from Q3 last year. This inventory level allows us to support 34 net new North American stores, 10 net new locations in Coach Japan and 30 additional Coach China stores from the year-ago period, as well as the acquired stores in Singapore and Taiwan and our Men's initiatives. Further, it will support strong underlying business trends, enabling us to meet demand this season.  Cash and short-term investments stood at $930 million as compared with $886 million a year ago after the repurchase of over $900 million worth of Coach common stock in the interim 12 months.  During the third quarter, we repurchased and retired 2.3 million shares of our common stock at an average cost of $73.92, spending a total of $172 million, taking our fiscal year date -- year-to-date total to about $530 million. At the end of the quarter, about $430 million remained in our current repurchase authorization.  Net cash from operating activities in the third quarter was $103 million compared with $227 million last year during Q3. Free cash flow from -- in the third quarter was an inflow of $61 million versus $186 million in the same period last year, primarily reflecting the changes in accrued income taxes and charitable donations.  Our CapEx spending was $41 million versus $42 million in the same quarter a year ago. Consistent with our previous expectations and reflective of our global growth initiatives, CapEx for this year will be in the area of $200 million, driven primarily by the opening of new stores across all geographies and investments in technology necessary to enable our expansion.  We were very pleased to once again report these strong financial results. And as Lew and Mike said, we're well positioned for the remainder of the fiscal year.  To elaborate on our fourth quarter assumptions, first, we expect to achieve double-digit sales and earnings per share growth ahead of the top line. This plan includes North America comp sales at least as high as what we generated in the third quarter, as we continue to balance productivity gains with margin improvement.  Second, we continue to expect gross margin to expand from prior year levels in the fourth quarter, driven by our sourcing initiatives and pricing strategies. Therefore, we anticipate the gross margin for FY '12 will be similar to prior year level. Third, on SG&A, we expect our developed businesses to continue to deliver leverage while we will also continue to invest in global growth for the future. Given that we've been accelerating the transition of distributor-operated wholesale businesses to our direct control, we would expect expenses to slightly outpace top line growth in the fourth quarter. For the full year, however, our SG&A expense rate should be similar to FY '11.  Fourth, and based on the metrics I've just described, we believe that we'll continue to deliver operating leverage in the fourth quarter of 2012 with a full year operating margin slightly ahead of last year's rate of 32%. And fifth, our tax rate is still likely to be in the area of 33%.  Before we open it up to Q&A, I want to echo Lew's earlier words. This was an excellent quarter for Coach. Clearly, our spring results bode well for the future, and we're confident we can continue to deliver very strong sales and earnings growth over the balance of the fiscal year and beyond.  Thank you all for participating in our conference call today. And now Lew, Mike, Andrea and I, joined by Jerry Stritzke and Victor Luis, will take some questions, which will be followed by a brief comment from Lew.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Bob Drbul from Barclays Capital.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The first question that I have, Lew, is can you talk a little bit about how you plan to continue to drive comp store sales and differentiate from the competition going forward, given the competitive set of the category currently?
Lew Frankfort: Sure. Well, let me first say, the category continues to grow worldwide. And here in the U.S., it's growing on at about a 10% level on the women's side. And on the men's side, of course, at a faster level. We are a dual-gender brand. And while our growth on the women's side are equaled to the category, during the last quarter, our overall growth exceeded the over -- the dual-gender growth in premium bags and accessories. So there's a lot of opportunity. First, with regard to Men's, as Mike indicated, our business is on-track to double to over $400 million this year globally, which represents about 8% of our sales. We believe next year, it will be well in excess of 10% of our business. And we are accelerating the introduction of Men's into a much broader range of our full-priced stores and shop-in-shops worldwide. So we're looking to capitalize on the growing category and the strength of the product offering and, of course, our growing brand loyalty in this category. Secondly, and more broadly on the product front, as Mike indicated and we've talked about many times, Bob, the launching of Legacy, which is a global lifestyle brand of concept, which is a dual gender, and we are using that to re-platform our full-priced stores. And we have enormous optimism for what that group is going to do. Mike mentioned our pilots are doing really well, so a combination of Men's and the re-platforming on the women's side to really focus on Legacy. And of course, internationally, we have an enormous opportunity with the much larger role that Men's plays in markets such as China to truly establish ourselves as a dual-gender brand. The digital side should also be referenced, Bob. We're so excited about the progress we've made in this last year to harness its power and to really give consumers an opportunity to shop wherever they choose to shop. And with our very robust 15 million database in North America, it gives us great, great opportunities.
Operator: Our next question is from David Schick with Stifel, Nicolaus.
David A. Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: The question is really around the sourcing work and the pricing strategy that you're putting into place now and I guess have been. What does that mean to the long-term gross margin profile of the business? Would prior gross margin peaks like 78% be achievable over a longer-term planning horizon?
Jane Nielsen: David, I think that, right now, we're comfortable with our guidance, which says that we'll continue to see margin expansion in the fourth quarter and that we'll be about similar levels to FY '11. And as is our custom, we'll come back in the fourth quarter and give you our best outlook for FY '13. As always, we continue to look for initiatives, such as counter sourcing, designing into cost, putting our manufacturing base, diversifying it outside of China. Those are ongoing initiatives that we continue to focus on to drive gross margin, and we're very happy with the results that we've seen in our results in the factory initiative.
Michael D. Tucci: Just to elaborate a little bit on the pricing piece of the margin equation here, we spent a lot of time on the sourcing and supply side to really work through our scale, our unit advantages, the tremendous work that Jerry and his team have done to building costing opportunity. And what we saw with the all-store discounting is sort of a blanket effect on promotional stance in factory stores. And with the underlying strength in the business coming out of Q2, we really made the determination that we could get away from that and leverage cost savings by being more targeted in the way that we market to our consumer and offer value to the consumer in the factory channel. We still had very strong productivity gains there, strong comps, and we were able to build in margin advantage, taking advantage of the costing opportunities that existed. So we believe that it is long term. We're working it every day. We continue to probe and test for ideas around how we can play. We realize the factory is a value channel, and we'll continue to be aggressive there. But the early gains for us around margin and maintaining strong productivity are very attractive, and we want to push hard as we move into the fall season to really take advantage of that.
Operator: Our next question is from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray.
Neely J.N. Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Mike, I've got to ask some questions about the guys, about the Men's product. So I'm speaking about the 100-plus stores or so that you guys have launched in terms of getting a little bit of a capsule collection within your full-priced stores, and we've started to see that in our market in the beginning of April. How many more of those do you think you could roll out by the time you have Legacy? And I just have a follow-up question to that.
Michael D. Tucci: Yes, good question. Actually, part of your question is really where the answer is. We went back in with the Legacy launch, which is targeted for late July, and we put together a plan in our stores. Lew used the phrase re-platforming to create a real strong visual presence in our stores around marketing and product presentation, using the launch of Legacy as the catalyst. And we identified actually, to be precise, 108 stores that will get what I would call a more supercharged effort around presentation and physical enhancement. Coincidental with that, we also looked at our Men's proposition at 42 stores with shops or more expanded Men's presence and quickly made the leap and said, "Can we get Men's advanced and expanded in those 100 stores to take advantage of the duality between Legacy, the strength of the women's proposition and putting Men's in at the same time?" That is all happening as we speak and will be front and center for the Legacy launch. We are, at the same time, looking at the balance of our 250 stores for further opportunity. We are working hard on lease expirations and opportunities for expansion in our primary mall locations. So this will be an ongoing effort. And my sense is that every quarter or every season, we'll have an opportunity to layer in more Men's shops as we get deeper into the fleet and as we get more empirical experience on the improved productivity that Men's gives us by adding it to an existing women's store. My goal would be to get a stronger Men's presence in all stores very quickly. For competitive reasons, I'm not going to elaborate further, but we are doing things to bring Men's products closer to our consumers in all stores through technology and other marketing advantages that we have that we'll continue to probe on in piloting. You'll see us doing more with that in the marketplace very soon as well.
Neely J.N. Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Mike, if I could just squeeze in one quick follow-up related to that. Given that this is such a unique opportunity for -- like a first-ever, dual-gender launch of a line in fall, does it make sense to implement more of a celebrity approach, particularly around the Men's? You guys do that when you go into international markets on the women's side. I'm just wondering at what point we might see that strategy deployed on the Men's side?
Michael D. Tucci: I think what you'll see with regard to Legacy and Men's is a very holistic and complete approach to our marketing strategy.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about the South Korea buyback but -- with that and Taiwan and Singapore, Malaysia. How do you -- what kind of resources are needed to take these businesses in-house? And when you buy them, what kind of pricing do you get for the deal? And then do you get with that a lot of the infrastructure that comes with it, or do you have to rebuild from scratch? Can you kind of walk us through the process how we should think about these deals financially and then operationally from an investment perspective?
Lew Frankfort: Victor?
Victor Luis: Sure. In essence, when we're buying these businesses back, we are creating the teams in-market from scratch. In certain cases, of course, inheriting team members from our distributors and then hiring new, specifically, general management into place as well. At the same time, we are leveraging the infrastructure that we have invested in Shanghai to support these businesses across the region, specifically, as we've mentioned in past calls, our Asia distribution center, which supports across the region, as well as shared services across IS logistics and then transactional accounting, payroll and the like, which allow us to get some leverage from the infrastructure that we have going in. Saying that, there is a buildup that happens domestically in the markets, and usually, there is a 6-month challenge. We have to purchase back inventory, which has an impact, of course, as well as getting the store performance up. Usually, we're having to make a substantial investment in store staff to get what we refer to as the traffic per -- our TPLH numbers in line with our international standards. Traffic per labor hour is the measure that we use for those who are not familiar with TPLH.
Jane Nielsen: And, Omar, if you look at these on a financial basis, they are very value-creating transactions over time. We -- as we've discussed before, there's some first-year dislocations as we buyback the inventory at wholesale cost, and we assume all of the SG&A of the entity that we purchased. But over time, they are very value creating. We're very happy with the deals that we've announced.
Operator: Our next question is from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Can you comment on the margins on China and Japan? Do you expect -- anticipate accelerating margins with the emphasis on Men's versus the original model of women's only? And how should we be thinking about margin projection -- projected margins in Singapore and Taiwan?
Jane Nielsen: Well, as you know, the margins in our China business, our Japan business are very attractive. Overall, we're very happy with the gross margins that we have internationally. Over time, our international growth is a margin enhancer for total Coach, so we're very encouraged by that. We expect that our acquired businesses will also be margin enhancing for Coach after we get through that initial transition period, where we're working through the inventory that was bought back at wholesale level.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick with JPMC.
Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess first for you, Lew. I mean, you talked about the 4 overarching growth strategies, and obviously, you have a great balance sheet. What is your view on the trade-offs of acquisitions? And then for Mike, it sounds like your core customer is feeling better. The product innovation continues to be super strong. What do you think it would take to turn traffic trends positive in the full-priced stores?
Michael D. Tucci: Well, first, with regard to acquisitions and, Brian, we've talked about this many times, we have enormous run rate organically with the Coach business and we don't see acquisitions as a imperative to driving double-digit top line and bottom line growth. So it's not a strategy that we have been pursuing. Mike?
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. I'm actually very pleased with where we are from a traffic standpoint. And, Brian, we look at things in the aggregate. Traffic was up in full price and factory. In-store traffic, as we said, was similar to prior levels. Where we see opportunity is this idea that we can drive excitement into our stores with further introduction of the Men's concept and the launch of Legacy. And our optimism there is significant. It's an opportunity for us to show significant excitement and product advancements to the consumer, and that's where we see the opportunity.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Black with Citigroup.
Jeff Black - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On China, you mentioned double-digit comps. Any real change in trend there in the quarter? And when we look at the distribution model, what are you learning as you expand into the Mainland? What works best in terms of both demographics and/or format? And does that really alter the thinking as it relates to the mix of flagships, retail, shop-in-shops, et cetera?
Lew Frankfort: Victor?
Victor Luis: Sure. First, I would just reiterate that we're extremely pleased, as Lew mentioned, with our terrific growth in the quarter, which at 60% is similar to the growth that we experienced last quarter, and we remain very much on-target to achieve our target of $300 million, which we announced last October. As Lew also mentioned, there was a shift in the drivers of growth this quarter with more of the sales increase coming from new doors which are performing ahead of our plans. Specifically, what we're seeing in terms of comp within China is increased travel and purchases internationally, especially from the Tier 1 consumers, which would be these consumers from Shanghai, Beijing going more overseas. While the Tier 2 and Tier 3 consumers, these consumers in second and third tier cities, shopping closer to home, driving our non-comp sale. I would remind us that we're now at 32 cities across China, still a very small portion of the 120-or-so cities that have a population of 1 million or more. And indeed, of the 18 locations that we've opened year-to-date in China, 14 have been in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. And all but one of the locations that we will open this quarter are also in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. And these are cities that will benefit disproportionately from the growth of the middle class and Chinese government investments in infrastructure. And longer term, as we think about as well the fact that GDP consumption, as a percentage of GDP in China, is at 35% compared with the 70% here in the U.S., of course, these vast majority of Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities will also be drivers within the longer-term opportunity for us. Specifically, in terms of the models in new stores to the second part of your question, we have the same multichannel strategy in China that we leverage globally, opening up flagship stores, retail stores in shopping malls, locations in department stores and factory outlets. And of course, each of these channels are at different levels within different cities. And the opportunity for us is always, first and foremost, to focus on providing the brand with a very good position in each of the markets and then expanding from there. We tend to first open within luxury malls, first and foremost, expanding then to department stores and more bridge or fashion malls as they develop. And the opportunity there is quite massive, as most of these second- and third-tier cities still do not have these locations as they're only on the drawing boards today, and then eventually, of course, into factory outlet malls, which will undoubtedly be a massive opportunity long term within the China market. And they are only now beginning to gain a little bit of traction.
Operator: Our next question is from Randy Konik with Jefferies.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a question first for Mike, with the change in the couponing strategy in the outlet channel, which is great long-term strategy. How do you think that impacts -- I think you said traffic was up during the quarter in outlet. Do you think that impacts traffic negatively in a big way going forward? Do you see differences in conversion, so forth? And then, I guess, just for Jane. On Japan, can you just remind us how the tsunami impacted the fundamentals of the financials of Japan last year? And of the 4 buckets of gross margin you've talked about being easier compares from Japan move to manufacturing out of China, channel mix and China sales growth, what would be the most important of those 4 buckets to take the gross margins higher in the back half and beyond?
Jane Nielsen: Yes. Why don't I start with the tsunami impact in Japan? If you -- overall, in the third quarter, the impact of the tsunami was about 9% in the third quarter last year. So our growth of 10% shows that we're back in this quarter to pre-tsunami levels. In the fourth quarter, we were down about 7% in local currency. That excludes the 53rd week, and that was all due to the impact of the tsunami. In terms of gross margins, we really view it as multiple initiatives. So obviously, our sourcing initiative is very important to counterbalance labor inflation. Counter sourcing is very important for us on the material side. And gross margin expansion is also very linked to our attractive mix of countries as we grow international. There are really a multiple of levers that we're all working at the same time. Some are producing more sometimes, some are producing a little less, and they're growing over time.
Lew Frankfort: Mike?
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. On the pricing and marketing within factory, we do see it as long -- as a long-term strategy. There will always be puts and takes in terms of metrics, but the initial results are very, very strong and encouraging. Again, we're doing this from a position of underlying strength, leveraging the product offer, the pricing opportunity in our factory stores, the robust trends in traffic, conversion, ADT within the channel and also leveraging this idea of dual channel in factory around the digital opportunity to a targeted and discrete audience. The overall driver of comp is that transactions are up, and that's what we want to focus on. We want to focus on productivity and enhancing as best we can across the metrics for the long term.
Operator: Our next question is from Liz Dunn with Macquarie.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: So as I'm listening to sort of all the puts and takes on comp, it seems as though you really have the levers to kind of control the factory comp to the extent that you want to, to sort of gain the optimal margin and sales mix. And so as we look at this quarter's comp, in part it sounds like you maybe held back the factory a little bit in favor of better gross margins. And as we move forward, you continue to have that ability, plus with this re-platforming of the brand that we're expecting with the August floor set, perhaps we'll see even greater conversion and traffic. Is that the right way to think about it?
Lew Frankfort: You said it better than we've said it. The reality is that we could have driven higher comps if we wanted to, but we are -- we have a very strong long-term view, and what we're doing is in the interest of the brand. And as Jane indicated, we expect comps this quarter to be at least as high as they were last quarter. And we urge you to understand that we have a robust international diversified business model. We have great opportunities, and we feel very pleased with where we are and where we came out and what the future bodes for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Can you talk a little bit about the runway for the gross margin improvement coming from manufacturing and the new pricing strategy? Is there more to go on that? And then just maybe what the pricing is on an average handbag now, and what percent over $400? And then just one last thing, Victor and Mike, congratulations, new functions and the new roles.
Lew Frankfort: Lots of questions embedded in your question. Let me ask Jerry, if he would, to talk a bit more about runway on gross margin, and you may even want to talk to -- what Mike referenced earlier about our pricing latitude on the factory side to give us improved margins over time.
Jerry Stritzke: Yes. We -- as you know, we've been working on -- working in the sourcing base to offset margin pressures. A lot of those margin pressures, again, as you've seen in the press you guys have covered, has really been pressure on raw materials, pressure on increased labor. We're 2 years into really a 4-year plan to diversify our sourcing base to offset those, and we're going to continue that over the next couple of years. We see that as, again, offsetting pressures that exist in the market. So it's really more of trying to maintain our margin rate. The other thing that has really presented itself as an opportunity in support of Victor's business is they become more sophisticated in operating in Asia. We're looking at the idea of how do we manufacture in a country to allow -- to take advantage of duty benefits. So as we become a more international global organization, we're finding that the significant opportunity is for us to locate our manufacturing in a place where we can obtain trade benefits, whether it be from Vietnam to Japan, et cetera. So those are things we're looking for as we move to the future, to continue to give us margin upside and advantages. And the idea that is it just one thing or is it another, it's really the work that Mike's doing in his channel really complements the work that we're doing on the manufacturing side. So it's really both. And the idea of keeping our margin strong, and we have the strongest margin in the industry. The -- I'll let the over $400 performance -- Mike?
Michael D. Tucci: Yes. We really had very, very strong balance in handbags. Average unit retail in total were up slightly, over 400 penetrations were even. And very, very important here, remember that we introduced Willis in the quarter, and it was a key driver for us. And that's a handbag retail at around $300. So we feel like we hit a very strong balance tone in the quarter around handbag. I think the last question was around roles, and why don't I just add a couple of thoughts on that? One is I'm very excited about the opportunity within North America, really, to take a 360 view of our customer across all channels. We have a very strong position in department stores, tremendous relationships with our key partners there, premium positioning within the handbag world in department stores and an opportunity for us to really expand and grow our business in a very important channel to us from a consumer standpoint. And I'm excited about getting involved with that, particularly on the eve of the Legacy launch.
Lew Frankfort: Victor?
Victor Luis: Sure. So my responsibilities have increased to include all of our indirect businesses outside of North America, so all of our wholesale operations, including, of course, our global duty-free businesses. And as Mike, I'm very excited about that opportunity where we can, of course, leverage the learnings from our consumers who are increasingly global consumers, and in doing so, also partner with Mike, of course, in capturing that opportunity here in the U.S., so truly looking to scale the teams that we have in place and to drive our businesses as a truly global operation.
Operator: And this does conclude the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Andrea for closing comments.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you, all, for joining us on our conference call today. As Jane noted, I'd now like to turn it back to Lew for a few closing words. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: I think pretty much everything has been said. We continue extremely optimistic about what the future bodes for us. We do continue to believe we have unlimited opportunities. If you were to visit us here at our 516 building, you would see a level of excitement among staff at all levels that hasn't been here for many years. The growth in Men's and the opportunities there, along with the dual-gender Legacy, has led us to look at the business in a very bold and aggressive way.  So as we've said before, stay tuned. There's a lot to come. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the Coach Earnings Conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-01-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Victor Luis - President of Coach Retail International Jane Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Andrea Shaw Resnick - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications  Lew Frankfort - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jerry Stritzke - President and Chief Operating Officer Michael D. Tucci - President of Retail Division - North America
Analysts: Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David A. Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Neely J.N. Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO; and Jane Nielsen, Coach's CFO. Mike Tucci, President of North American Retail, is also joining us to discuss our holiday performance and brand initiatives.  Before we begin, we must point out this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties, such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2012 results and will also discuss our strategies going forward. Mike Tucci will review the holiday season from a U.S. Retail perspective and discuss key initiatives for the spring season ahead. Jane Nielsen will continue with details on financial and operational results for the quarter. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Jerry Stritzke, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Victor Luis, our President of International Retail. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. We will then conclude with some brief summary comments.  I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our release this morning, we're very pleased with our holiday results, including strong sales and earnings growth and in our North American Retail businesses. Our performance clearly demonstrates the strength of our franchise, our broad and diversified product platform and our multichannel international distribution model. Beyond the top line, we were also very pleased with our high level of profitability and substantial cash generation.  In addition, we made continued progress against our key global business initiatives, including expanding our share in the growing North American bag and accessory market, increasing our international presence, leveraging our heritage in the men's business and expanding our digital presence. We've experienced strong response to our new collections, and our pricing and assortment strategy continues to resonate with consumers worldwide. We're well situated to build upon our leadership position and continue to gain market share.  While I will get into more detail about the outlook for the categories and our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some key highlights of our second fiscal quarter were: first, earnings per share rose 18% to $1.18 compared with $1 in the prior year; second, quarterly net sales totaled $1.45 billion versus $1.26 billion a year ago, an increase of 15%; third, Direct-to-Consumer sales, which represent over 85% of total sales, rose 17% to $1.3 billion from $1.3 -- from $1.1 billion in the prior year on a comparable basis; fourth, North American same-store sales for the quarter rose 8.8% from prior year, while total North American Direct-to-Consumer sales rose 17%; and fifth, sales in Japan were even to prior year in constant currency and rose 6% in dollars; and finally, we continued to generate very strong sales growth with significant double-digit comps in China. During the quarter, we opened 5 Retail stores and 5 Factory stores in North America, including 2 men's Retail stores and 1 men's Factory store. Thus, at the end of the period, there were 350 Full Price and 157 Factory stores in operation in North America. Moving to Japan. Six locations were opened, including 4 men's locations. At quarter end, there were 184 total locations in Japan with 22 Full Price stores, including 8 flagships, 122 shop-in-shops, 33 Factory stores and 7 distributor-operated travel Retail locations.  And in China, we added 9 locations: 8 in the mainland and 1 in Hong Kong, our Nathan Road flagship, which, I might add, is doing very well. At the end of the quarter, there were 80 Coach locations in China, including 12 in Hong Kong, 3 in Macau and 65 locations on the mainland in 28 cities. As we discussed previously, we are building a multichannel distribution model in China, including flagships, Retail stores, shop-in-shops and Factory stores.  Indirect sales were even with prior year on a comparable basis at $166 million. Results reflected shipment timing differences from prior year in our international wholesale businesses. Sales for the quarter at Retail and international wholesale locations increased at a double-digit pace, while sales at POS and U.S. department stores were even with last year's holiday quarter.  We estimate that the addressable women's U.S. handbag and accessory category rose at a 5% to 10% rate in the holiday quarter, similar to the increase it experienced in the preceding 9 months of the calendar year. At the same time, Coach's women's handbag and accessory sales rose about 12% across all channels in North America during the most recent quarter. In our Direct businesses in North America, handbag and accessory sales rose 15%.  Separately, it's worth noting that we saw modest improvement in our customers' outlook to the economy compared to a quarter ago, with about 60% of those surveyed now believing that the U.S. economy is stable or getting better, up from 48%. Her intention to purchase Coach over the next year continues to be strong, with about 2/3 of consumer surveyed noting they probably or definitely would purchase a Coach product in the next 12 months.  Our total revenues in North America rose 15%, with our directly operated businesses up 17%, driven by 8.8% in same-store sales increases and new distribution. As noted in our press release, all direct channels benefited from our innovative digital media strategy, spanning our own websites, mobile platform and social media, which enabled customers to purchase wherever they preferred to engage with our brands. Mike will provide additional details around some of these initiatives in just a moment.  Fueling these overall strong comp results were similar gains in both store channels, driven by conversion and average transaction size, and continued strength in our e-commerce business. Overall Retail traffic rose with in-store trends consistent with prior quarters, while traffic on coach.com continues to gain momentum.  As we've discussed many times, outside of North America, China is our largest geographic opportunity, given the size of the market and the rate of growth. During the quarter, our sales rose again sharply from prior year, fueled by distribution and significant double-digit same-store sales. Clearly, the Chinese consumer has embraced Coach, as evidenced by the excellent comps we're consistently generating and the extremely high repurchase intent among existing customers.  Consistent with our strategy of building brand awareness in China, we took a number of important steps during the second quarter. First, we launched an integrated marketing campaign with our international brand ambassador, Gwyneth Paltrow, that included advertising across print, outdoor and the web, as well as the 70th anniversary gala dinner and gallery event in Beijing. Another key components of the campaign were the successful launch of our presence on Sina Weibo, the leading social networking site in China. In December, we also became the first U.S. incorporated company to list on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.  All of these events helped to drive increased awareness for our brands. While Jane will get into more detail on our financials and I will discuss our outlook in some detail, I wanted to give you this recap.  Now I'll turn it over to Mike Tucci to discuss our North American Retail business. Mike?
Michael D. Tucci: Thanks, Lew, and good morning. Today, I'd like to review what was an excellent holiday season. Clearly, our balanced and more refined handbag assortment continues to drive sustainable growth in North America. There were 3 important productivity drivers within our North American business: overall product performance, our digital strategy and coach.com results and continued progress on our new men's initiative.  During the holiday quarter, as always, we maintained a high level of product innovation and distinctive newness, ensuring that we had a steady flow of new product throughout the period. Our strategy to flow more product later in the quarter versus previous seasons was also very successful.  To open the second quarter, we brought in Madison, our core holiday collection, completely updated and featuring several new silhouettes. Lindsey, a new style and feature of our holiday ad campaign, was an immediate hit with consumers. Abigail was also a new fashion silhouette and key item. Also new to Madison were the Mini Sophia, the flap carryall and the Caroline Dowel satchel. This was our most fully developed Madison offering, and we saw the highest penetration level for the collection ever, eclipsing its highly successful launch 3 years ago.  For November, Poppy was the focus, offered in new styles, including 2 totes, a foldover cross-body silhouette, a hippie and a satchel. Liquid gloss, a soft patent, lightweight fabric with diamond quilting and chain straps brought additional excitement and vibrant color to the collection. We also added some newness to Chelsea, only introduced last fall, with a classic tote featuring chain details at compelling price points.  Right before Thanksgiving, we refreshed our offering with updates to Madison and Kristin, along with a new drawstring tote in Chelsea, giving her additional reasons to revisit and repurchase during the key holiday seasons. Our mid-December significant Madison refresh also delivered newness closer to our peak selling period.  Of course, we also had a comprehensive assortment of great gifts, from iPad covers to wristlets, and a wide range of items under $100. Our holiday product was supported by a comprehensive marketing plan, which began in mid-November featuring a powerful gifting message. The emphasis of our marketing was product and item-driven across our core categories and other gifting ideas. Our campaign spanned coach.com, social and rich media advertising and compelling print and in-store marketing. Our addition of digital media to select high-profile store windows was a new element to our in-store marketing and was very well-received.  Looking forward, we're excited about our spring product initiatives as well. Just last week, we launched an updated Poppy collection with a fresh point of view with several new silhouettes, including the hippie, hobo and the Poppy Willis, which harkens back to classic Willis bag of the '90s. We also introduced a fresh spring palette in Madison. In late February, the focus will be on Kristin, with 4 new styles across multiple fabrications and a beautiful new woven leather concept in soft feminine colors.  On the Factory side, our strong results were fueled by a powerful combination of new product introduction with key styles offered at great prices. Our product assortment was also supported by our in-store and direct marketing campaigns.  I'd also like to take this opportunity to provide an update on our digital media strategy and the benefits that we're seeing from it. As you know from previous calls, our digital objective in North America is to drive traffic and build brand awareness while maximizing e-commerce opportunities. Some of our key online initiatives are, first, mobile commerce. We launched our mobile commerce platform this past May, and almost 20% of our web traffic came through a mobile device this holiday season.  Second, social media. With over 2.7 million Coach fans on Facebook, this social platform continues to evolve in its contribution to our overall brand message and success. Facebook provides us with additional marketing and potential revenue opportunities as we continue to learn how to engage with our customer in this space.  Third, Factory online. As mentioned in our last call, in the U.S., we introduced our invitation-only flash-sale site, targeted only towards our most loyal Factory-exclusive consumers. This provides them with the convenience of shopping online while enjoying the same product and value as found in our stores. We're quite pleased with the results of this highly profitable initiative.  While this is a snapshot of our North American Retail digital initiatives, clearly, the Internet will continue to increase in importance globally as both a marketing and communication vehicle and a sales driver. We now have a web presence in 20 countries, 3 of which are commerce-enabled, and we welcome several million visitors outside of North America in the quarter. In China, we're continuing to develop our digital programs and capabilities, which include a planned launch of e-commerce. Additionally, as we grow our international database, we're programmatically communicating with our international consumers via e-mail and seeing engagement at the levels we enjoy here in the U.S. We believe in digital and are clearly recognizing the benefits of this growth vehicle. Our intent is to drive further innovation in this channel, both in the near and long term.  As we mentioned in our press release, we're also really excited about the results we're achieving in our men's business, which is on track to double again in fiscal year '12 to over $400 million globally. We experienced success in men's across all concepts and store types, including dedicated stores, shop-in-shops, dual-gender locations and expanded assortments in existing stores and across all geographies and channels.  In North America, we see men's both -- as both a way to drive productivity in existing stores and a substantial new distribution opportunity. We believe that in this fragmented category where there's no dominant player, Coach has the opportunity to become the market leader. Our approach to growing men's is to create great product, present it in exciting formats, combined with the rigor that we use to understand our consumer and his buying preferences. We also believe based on our surveys that beyond simply taking share, we will actually grow the men's category in North America.  In summary, we're excited with the continued progress we've made in improving productivity and our men's initiative. We're feeling great about the spring season, given the current sales trends in our Retail businesses.  With that, I'll turn it back to Lew for a discussion of our strategies and opportunities for growth. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Mike. As most of you know, we have talked to 3 overarching growth strategies: first, building our women's business in the North America market; second, leveraging the global opportunity; and third, tapping into the largely growing men's accessory category. A fourth has emerged as a global business driver and was also mentioned by Mike, and that is leveraging the growing power of the digital world.  Coach's digital initiatives are an important and effective complementary strategy to our distribution growth as we continue to grow our store base in North America and worldwide. We expect that our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 14% this year compared to 9% last year.  Starting in North America, we will open about 40 new stores for this year, including the 21 opened in the first half. The FY '12 opening includes about 15 Full Price and 25 Factory outlets, with about half being dedicated men's locations. In total, we expect North American square footage growth of about 10% to 11% this year driven by men's.  Turning to China. This year, we're accelerating new store openings with about 30 locations planned or, at least, an additional 15 for the balance of the fiscal year, with the vast majority on the mainland. Virtually all of these openings will be dual-gender stores due to the size of the men's opportunity. Given the continued strength we're experiencing in China, we remain confident that we will achieve at least $300 million in sales during the current fiscal year.  In Japan, spending has remained stable after the first 2 quarters of volatility in the post-earthquake and tsunami period. Our focus continues to be on gaining market share, notably in the men's business. During FY '12, we expect to open about 15 net new locations in Japan or an additional 7 net new stores for the balance of the year, nearly all of them dedicated men's locations. In total, we anticipate that net square footage growth in Japan will increase by about 10% this year compared to 3% in FY '11. Consistent with our strategy of directly operating select Asian markets, at the beginning of this month, we successfully transitioned our Domestic Retail businesses in Taiwan, which has about 25 locations and generates about $50 million of annual sales at Retail to Coach's direct control. This follows our acquisition of the Singapore business last summer and will be followed by the acquisition of the Malaysia Domestic Retail operations next July. It's important to note that these acquisitions allow us to leverage the investment we've already made in the region, utilizing the infrastructure created over the last few years, including our Asia shared services center and the Asian distribution center. In addition, we find that these stores experience a significant improvement in productivity when they become directly managed, as we control the total brand experience.  Outside of our directly operated markets, we continue to have driving distributor-run businesses in other countries. During FY '12, we expect to open about 35 net new international wholesale locations, expanding to new markets, including Brazil, Vietnam and Kuwait. We're also pleased to announce other distribution agreements for Latin America, initially including Colombia, Venezuela, Panama and Chile, and to Indonesia, where the first store's opening next year.  Touching on Europe, we are building a foundation for long-term growth. First, in the U.K., we are beginning to build our multichannel model. Today, we have 3 stores, all opened in the last 12 months, including a mall store in Westfield, our new Bond Street flagship and a Factory store. We will be opening our second London flagship on Regent Street this spring. Importantly, we are gaining traction in this market as the U.K. consumer is embracing Coach and a majority of our business is coming from local customers. And second, in France, where we have partnered with Printemps, our key Boulevard Haussmann women's and men's shop-in-shops are performing well with the global tourist, as we continue to grow our brand awareness with the Parisian shopper.  In closing, we're confident that our 4 overarching growth strategies will continue to drive our business at a double-digit pace.  At this time, I would like to turn it over to Jane Nielsen, our CFO, for further detail on our financials. Jane?
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Lew. Lew and Mike have taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financials of our second quarter results.  As we mentioned, our quarterly revenues rose 15%. Our Direct-to-Consumer, which represents over 85% of our business, was up 17%, and our Indirect business was even with last year due to shipment timing into international wholesale accounts. Earnings per share for the quarter increased 18% to $1.18 as compared to $1 in the year-ago period as net income rose to $347 million from $303 million.  On a non-GAAP basis, our operating income totaled $521 million in the second quarter, up 15% from $453 million in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 36% compared to 35.9% in the year-ago period. In the second quarter, gross profit rose 14% to $1.05 billion, up from $915 million a year ago, and gross margin rate remained strong at 72.2% compared to 72.4% the prior year. As expected, we showed a continued sequential improvement in the year-over-year variance.  Moving to expenses. We were pleased that we were able to gain modest leverage in the holiday quarter, which is our toughest quarter to do so. Specifically, on a non-GAAP basis, SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales improved from the prior year level in the second quarter and represented 36.2% of sales versus 36.5%.  As mentioned in our press release, during the second quarter, we recorded certain items. They included the onetime effect of a reevaluation of deferred tax balances due to a change in the Japanese corporate tax laws and the favorable completion of a multiyear pricing agreement with Japan. Taken together, they yielded a substantially lower tax rate of 30.4% for the quarter, which decreased our tax provision by $12 million. As a result, we made a contribution of $20 million to the Coach Foundation, increasing SG&A expenses by that amount and precisely offsetting the effect of the onetime tax benefit to net income and earnings per share.  Moving on to the balance sheet. Inventories at quarter-end were $429 million, up 17% from the end of last year's Q2 and consistent with our sales growth. This inventory level allow us to support 31 net new North American stores, 13 net new locations at Coach Japan and 23 additional Coach China stores from the year-ago period as well as the acquired stores in Singapore and Taiwan and our men's initiative. Further, it will support strong underlying business trends, enabling us to maximize sales this spring. Cash and short-term investments stood at $1.1 billion as compared with $940 million a year ago, despite repurchases of over $900 million worth of Coach common stock in the interim 12 months. During the second quarter, we repurchased and retired 4.8 million shares of our common stock at an average cost of $62.48, spending a total of $300 million, taking our first half total to about $360 million. At the end of the quarter, about $600 million remained on our current repurchase authorization.  Net cash from operating opportunities -- activities in the second quarter was $604 million compared to $408 million last year during Q2. Free cash flow in the second quarter was an inflow of $555 million versus $382 million in the same period last year.  Our CapEx spending was $39 million versus $26 million in the same quarter a year ago. Consistent with our previous expectations and reflective of our global growth initiatives, CapEx for this year will be in the area of $200 million, driven primarily by the opening of new stores across all geographies and investments in technology necessary to enable our expansion.  We were very pleased to once again report these strong financial results. And as Lew and Mike said, we're well positioned for the rest of the fiscal year. To elaborate, first, we expect to achieve double-digit sales growth with earnings per share growth ahead of the top line. Our sales will be driven in part by at least mid-single-digit comp sales in North America for the second half of the fiscal year. Second, as we said before, we expect our second half gross margin to improve over last year as we anniversary increased sourcing costs. Therefore, we anticipate the gross margin for FY '12 will be essentially level with prior year. Third, on SG&A, we expect our developed businesses to continue to deliver leverage while we also continue to invest in global growth for the future. Fourth, we are committed to delivering an operating margin similar to what we've generated over the past 2 years, at about 32%. And fifth, our tax rate is still likely to be in the area of 33% for the remainder of the year. Before we open it up for Q&A, I want to echo Lew's earlier words. This was an excellent quarter for Coach. Clearly, our holiday results bode well for the future, and we're confident that we will continue to deliver very strong sales and earnings gains over the balance of the fiscal year and beyond.  Thank you for participating in our conference call today. And now Lew, Mike, Andrea and I, joined by Jerry Stritzke and Victor Luis, will take some questions, which will be followed by a brief comment from Lew.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Bob Drbul with Barclays.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The question I have is on the men's. You talked about a lot of the growth and a lot of drivers for the growth. You talked about the $400 million for FY '12. Can you update us on what you think the long-term opportunity is for that business and the timing of it?
Lew Frankfort: Sure. Well, the first word that comes to mind is it's boundless. But to actually try to dimensionalize it, as Mike said, we're experiencing success wherever we're offering a comprehensive assortment of men's, again, across all geographies and all channels, and it's extremely exciting for us. Second, men's spending globally represents about 15% of the global luxury spend. For Coach, with our sales expected as -- men's sales expected at $400 million, that will represent about 8% of our overall sales for this fiscal year. We believe that we can very comfortably get to our rightful share of at least 15% of a larger business over the next few years. So we think $1 billion is well within reach over the next 3 to 5 years, and that's our internal mantra.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great, Lew. And the other question I have, just a quick follow-up, did you guys give ticket and traffic for North American comps?
Lew Frankfort: I'm sorry, Bob, your question?
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you give ticket and traffic for the North American comps?
Michael D. Tucci: Tickets.
Jane Nielsen: And traffic.
Michael D. Tucci: Tickets in North America from a comp standpoint was up slightly. And traffic, as we said, was very consistent with prior quarters. Overall traffic was greater when you factor in across all channels. Our store traffic in Factory and Full Price stores sequentially improved from Q1, which was a benefit to us. However, it was still down in Full Price and up in Factory.
Operator: Our next question is from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray.
Neely J.N. Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Let me add my congratulations to the whole team as well. I also have a question, very specific question on your mantra on your men's business. Lew and Mike Tucci, maybe if you guys could give us some explanation in terms of the rollout on the North American side. It's been our understanding that you guys are actually pretty under-penetrated within the North American Retail footprint. I'm just wondering, more specifically, what kind of the game plan is maybe as we head into Father's Day this year in terms of getting more products in the stores.
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. There are a lot of components to that. And I think what we plan to do with the investor community is share a very detailed global view of our approach to men's expansion for FY '13. But let me give you some grounding and some headlines on what we're doing. First, we're very pleased with the results of our freestanding men's stores. There are a handful of them out there. They are great learning platforms for us, and the performance in those stores is excellent. The larger opportunity that we see is actually expanding our men's business in existing Retail locations through shop-in-shops, what we call concept shops and, in fact, selling more men's products in all stores globally. We're doing this through increased presentations through actually selling our product via our website, enabled in-store through laptops. There's a very broad opportunity for us to sell more product in men's. Where I see us going in Father's Day is several new men's shops which will be installed this spring. The opening of our Pentagon dual-gender location, which will happen in May. That's a women's and men's side-by-side location. And as we enter FY '13, a significant rollout of men's shops in existing Retail locations. So where we see the growth is driving productivity in our existing stores, taking advantage of the men's momentum that we're seeing through CBSR, our Coach By Special Request program, as well as growing freestanding men's stores. Victor, if you want to add little bit on the global side, what we're doing in Asia?
Victor Luis: Sure. When we look at -- Lew had mentioned in his remarks that the men's opportunity globally is approximately 15% of the global premium handbag and accessories market, which is at about $28 billion. The Asia opportunity today is about 25% of a $12 billion market. Of that, Japan is approximately $4.4 billion; China at $3.2 billion, including Hong Kong, Macau, including duty-free; and then the rest in -- the rest of Asia. Japan, the men's penetration is at about 25%, and we're still very much in a rollout stage. Today, we have 14 dedicated men's locations, 7 in Full Price, 7 in Factory. As many of you know, most of our distribution in Japan is within department stores where we are on the women's handbag floor, and there, the opportunity will be to increase distribution with the men's floors, which we are now commencing. And initial results have been quite promising. China is really a massive opportunity for us. When we look at mainland China, for many of our competitor brands, men's represent 50% or more of their sales. And there, of our 65 mainland China locations today, 28 of them are dual-gender locations where we have, basically, stand-alone men's presences. Of the 30 locations we are opening this fiscal year, practically all of them will be dual-gender locations. So we're starting with -- very early stages, as basically a global men's and women's brand. And we are seeing truly terrific results with very early stages, 25% to 30% penetration for men's in these locations at a point where we really still don't have an awareness as a men's brand. As many of you know, in the past, we've discussed our brand awareness, our unaided brand awareness at 16%, up from 8% last year, and we're really just starting in the men's space. So to achieve these penetrations this early is truly exciting and bodes well for the future. And in the rest of Asia, we're still at our very early stages. We have, of course, as Lew announced, just taken back our Singapore business and Taiwan only a few weeks ago. And there, we are commencing the men's rollout as well, and that -- and expect to see similar penetrations to what we're seeing in China in the medium term, in the next 2 to 3 years.
Operator: Our next question is from David Schick from Stifel, Nicolaus.
David A. Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: And let's congratulate you by asking the third question in a row about men's. Just -- the growth is so dynamic, and I'm sure we all have these questions because it sounds like we're going to be talking about it for a long time. Maybe some other metrics we could get into. Gifts versus self-purchase, is it bringing in a new customer or is it a customer making a different trip? Is there a different proportion of gifts versus self-purchase for the men's as you're seeing it? This is just shorter term, but the comp versus distribution growth, just in the number you're talking about, the $400 million. And then lastly, just anything you can tell us about ticket just to sort of round out our view a little bit more again about the characteristics of the men's business.
Lew Frankfort: Sure. Well, first, gift versus purchased, it varies a lot by market. What we're-- and by channel. At present, I would say it's -- in North America, a slightly greater proportion of men's is for gift than self-purchased, we estimate self-purchase. Among women -- I'm sorry. Gifting for women is about 20% of our sales. I would estimate men's might be 30%. It's obviously a great marketing opportunity for us, and you'll see us just distorting a good portion of our marketing globally, both on the Internet and in traditional media, as well as social networking towards men's to both build awareness and to encourage gifting. And in terms of existing consumers versus new consumers, we are in North America attracting a higher rate of new customers into the franchise through men's than we are women's. But that should be expected, because the women's business is, of course, extremely developed with growth opportunities ahead. But in men's, it's early days. In terms of distribution growth versus same-store sales growth, what I -- I am being cautioned not to provide much detail. What I would say is that we are achieving significant double-digit same-store growth in the men's area.
Michael D. Tucci: So let me come in on this one. And what we understand is that the concept is prudent. We have enough exposure in the marketplace and enough experience with consumers to know that the concept is a very proven concept and the category is very real. We need a little more time to very tactically break out the opportunity from a distribution standpoint: our digital opportunity with our men's website; our global opportunity in terms of store footprint, both the existing opportunity in large-format flagship stores to add men; the new opportunity to develop men's and women's dual-gender stores; and how we can provide a men's presence in all stores where we trade that are currently women's stores is something we need to sort out. So we need to really work through the entire fleet in Full Price in North America alone. That's 350 stores. We're doing that work today, and we have traction in each of the formats, which gives us a path for growth. On the product side, what's interesting is that as we expand this category, it's not all about bags. Bag is still the anchor, but we're seeing very strong response to Accessory, to lifestyle category, to emerging categories like by footwear, outerwear, small travel pieces. So we believe that this concept hangs very well on its own and drive very strong productivity metrics comparable to our women's business in terms of ticket size and from a margin structure very comparable as well.
Lew Frankfort: You probably heard more about men's just now than you wanted to.
Operator: Our next question is from Christine Chen with Needham & Company.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Wanted to ask in women's, handbags, $400 and up. Was curious if you were able to increase the penetration for the holiday season. And I'm wondering what your outlook is for that part of the handbag business going forward for the rest of the year.
Michael D. Tucci: Sure. Our overall handbag performance was actually very strong. Comps were positive. We saw growth there. Our mix in handbag, average unit retail was about flat for the quarter, and that was very intentional around our gifting strategy and a mix strategy where some of our core price points at $298 and $198 were extremely successful. The handbag performance at over $400 is actually down from prior year, although our outlook going forward would suggest that, that is still a growth opportunity for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Barbara Wyckoff with CLSA.
Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I'm more -- I'd like to have some more color on China. What are they selling versus the other markets? You talked about men's and women's, which is fine. How many stores do you think you can have in China in the next 3 to 5 years? And then is there a chance that travel Retail would be a candidate for you to take in-house?
Lew Frankfort: Victor?
Victor Luis: Sure. First, maybe we can talk a little bit about the distribution. We are, as Lew mentioned in his opening remarks today, 80 doors, with the vast majority of those, 65, on the mainland. When we look at the opportunity, it is truly boundless. And, Barbara, you know well the socio-demographic socio-economics of the market, 1.3 billion population, of which 50% is urban and continuing to urbanize, already 120 cities with a population of 1 million or more. We are today only in 28 of those cities. And with our broad collection from a style perspective as well as our broad price points, we're able to much more easily than traditional luxury brands, of course, to go into the second- and third-tier cities, where we're seeing success. Of course, we are also seeing a rapidly growing middle class, and we're not seeing many limitations from a distribution perspective. When we start looking at Coach's strategy towards a multichannel -- towards multichannel rollout, China really fits nicely. We have approximately 600 department store doors today in China, of which already over 110, 120 are doing incredibly well in the imported luxury cosmetics space, which serves as a barometer for us. Malls are continuing to develop nicely, both in the Full Price as well now an increasing rollout of Factory outlet malls, of course, which we know well. Looking at the rollout for this year, as we've announced, 30 doors, and we see us continuing at that pace for the foreseeable future. I think the second question was on products, and there, we really don't see a tremendous difference globally, quite frankly, in terms of our collection. Madison, Poppy, Kristin are truly global collections for us. The difference and what truly differentiates Coach from many of our competitors is that we have a group of very talented merchants in each of our markets. We're supported by a truly -- a superb consumer insight team. We're constantly listening to our consumers, and that allow us to tweak our collections, whether it be from color, size, shape, style, and, therefore, maximize the opportunity in each of our markets. But the difference, as I touched to earlier, of course, in China is really the men's opportunity, and we're starting out from the beginning in these very early stages as a dual-gender brand. Whereas we have been 3, 4 years earlier opening 1,000- to 1,500-square-feet locations that were basically women's only locations. Today, we're targeting 2,000- to 2,500-square-feet on average. Locations with a men's and women's entrance in most cases and getting truly terrific results in seeing our products resonate, even though we still have very low awareness levels at these early days. Touching on duty-free, and specifically, we're looking at, I would say, 2 parts of the travel Retail piece. Of course, for China, the big opportunity is, outside of China, approximately half of Chinese luxury sales occur outside of China. We're very active in this, developing our distribution in Asia, and we're seeing tremendous benefits from that, of course, within China itself, in Hong Kong and Macau, and beginning to see some of that in other markets as well. Within China domestically at the airports, there will be opportunities, both in the duty-paid as well as in the duty-free spaces as airport authorities begin to put the infrastructure in place. It's something we're investigating. We haven't made a move in that space at the moment, because there's so much opportunity in the urban areas themselves that we're going after, but it is something that we're paying attention to.
Barbara Wyckoff - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Great. Can I just ask one more question about the China outlets? How many malls are there now? How many are you in?
Victor Luis: We, today, are in 9 malls, including Hong Kong and Macau, 7 in mainland China. Only a few months ago, I attended a conference with global Factory outlet developers in the city of Suzhou, where there were talk of 100 or so outlets being developed in the next 5 to 10 years. So we expect the channel to develop rather quickly and to be a substantial opportunity.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Randy Konik with Jefferies.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: First, Lew, how do you think about the U.S. consumer for 2012 versus 2011? What's your thoughts there? And then I guess, Lew or Jane, if we kind of think about the various moving pieces of increasing Asian -- increasing China as a percent of sales, increasing men's as a percent of sales and then taking back these various Asian geographies, how do we think about the long-term operating margin structure for the company? They're very consistent, in the low 30s the last couple of years. How can we think about where that -- those operating margins end up over the next few years?
Lew Frankfort: Firstly, Randy, as I mentioned, the consumer sentiment has really improved over the last 90 days. And actually, 60% of consumers now in North America believe the economy is stable or improving, and that's up from 48% just 3 months ago. In -- it's also evident that consumers are beginning to borrow more and save somewhat less. Savings rates, as you know, are down to about 3.5% from 5%. And year-on-year non-mortgage borrowing is increasing, which says that the consumers are more encouraged than they -- at any point than they have been in the last 6 to 12 months. So we feel, barring any unexpected event, that the consumer sentiment will continue to be positive. Obviously, the recovery is very uneven. While unemployment is still at a terribly high rate of 8.5%, unemployment for college graduates over the age of 25, who is our primary consumer, is only in the mid-4 range. So we are benefiting from our positioning, which is to offer excellent product at accessible and affordable price points, and our very diversified consumer base is responding well. So guardedly optimistic.
Jane Nielsen: And I think as we look at the components of operating leverage, I think that the net -- long-term positives that we have are: our growing international business driving overall operating margin as it continues to grow and achieve scale, our men's business as it grows internationally, achieves scale, will also be a positive operating driver and will continue to drive productivity initiatives and efficiency initiatives that we've delivered over time to keep our high operating profit and to continue to invest in growth. As we say -- as you know, as we've talked before, as we take over markets like Taiwan, Singapore and Malaysia, there is -- we -- there is the initial few quarters as we purchase the inventory at wholesale rates and we cadence our flow of merchandising and take over the store operations. Over time, those become very good businesses for us. But we have the first few quarters of transition before their operating margin stabilizes and becomes a net benefit for us.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Is it -- can you hear me?
Lew Frankfort: Yes.
Jane Nielsen: Yes.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry. Is there just a number we could look towards? Is there like a 35 number or anything like that you'd want to kind of...
Lew Frankfort: Randal, we don't have an aspirational goal. You know us well. We drive to build a lasting franchise and give our shareholders an excellent return. And it's -- and obviously, we're working in all areas to maximize operating income consistent with building a lasting franchise.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Tunick with JPMorgan.
Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Questions, Lew, on the gross margins here. I mean, it still sounds like we're hearing that double-digits labor cost increase in China. So just trying to understand sort of where is your gross margin improvement coming from. If you can just give us little more color there. Is it channel mix? Is it all relief and sourcing, and how that's happening? And then on the new headquarters that we've been hearing about, can you maybe talk about any cash flow implications from that, and does that change -- or your commitment towards your continued share repurchases or dividends? Maybe just talk about the cash flow and your minimal cash balance requirements.
Lew Frankfort: Sure. Let me ask Jerry Stritzke to jump in here.
Jerry Stritzke: On the sourcing opportunities, I mean, we were very pleased with the job that our team has really done trying to mitigate some of those challenges. And it's hard work that we've done, a lot of work trying to get raw material sources in place to help offset -- working on where we're doing our manufacturing, how we're doing it. But it is still a pressure that we have to cope with that, push it the wrong way, and it creates some pressure on our margin. We're forcing in that as our International business does grow. Particularly in Asia, that's a plus. But then there's -- we have puts and takes. As we expand the other markets we get, we go the other direction. So we are really striving to kind of -- to lose point to hold the ground. But there are puts and takes, and we fight that battle every other time. And we've talked, I think, before about our kind of sourcing activities in Vietnam, India. We're actually continuing to expand that and aggressively look at that. We've had some great successes that have worked to our benefit. I think it's a reflection of the talent we have offshore, which we think is unique to Coach, to really build manufacturing capabilities. And our hands-on activity do that in the way that ensures that we continue to deliver high-quality product.
Jane Nielsen: And in the next quarter or 2, as is our practice, we'll come back and talk to you about our next year's outlook on gross margins.
Brian J. Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And how about the headquarters and the cash flow thoughts?
Jane Nielsen: Yes, I think that what you've seen in our Q2 repurchase activity, we remain committed to 2 things. One is investing in our business to continue to drive long-term growth and return, and the second is we remain committed to returning capital to shareholders. We're doing that through a combination of dividends, which you've seen increase over time since our initiation, and through stock repurchases. And I don't anticipate that our building would stop that in any meaningful way.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Jane.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you all for joining us on our conference call today. It is now 9:30. The market's about to open. So as is our tradition, I'd like to turn it back to Lew for a few closing words. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: Well, thank you, Andrea. Obviously, a lot of good discussions around men's; China; our stabilizing gross margins, which I think is a testimony to the nimbleness of our team; the digital world is really powerful and is now for us an overarching strategy. So we do feel good about where we are, and we feel excited about our prospects.  So have a good day, everybody. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude the Coach earnings conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-10-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jane Nielsen - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President Michael Tucci - President of Retail Division - North America Andrea Shaw Resnick - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications  Lew Frankfort - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Amanda Sigouin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Erika K. Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division David A. Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Faye I. Landes - Consumer Edge Research, LLC Edward J. Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO; and Jane Nielsen, Coach's CFO. Mike Tucci, President of North American Retail, is also joining us for a holiday preview. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth rates may not be indicative of future growth. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will begin with an overall summary of our first fiscal quarter 2012 results and will also discuss our progress in global initiatives. Mike Tucci will review our key programs for the holiday season. Jane Nielsen will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Jerry Stritzke, our President and Chief Operating Officer. This Q&A will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. We will then conclude with some brief summary comments.  I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Good morning, and thank you, Andrea. And welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, we posted another strong quarter, reflecting the global resonance of our brand proposition with both women and men, based on innovation, relevance and value, as well as the vitality of the category in all markets as our customers look to update their wardrobes through our fashion right, leather goods and lifestyle accessories. In North America, we are continuing to grow our share of an expanding market, while in developing geographies, we are leveraging the inherent opportunity, investing in distribution and marketing initiatives. Beyond the top line, we are also very pleased with our high levels of profitability and substantial cash generation in Q1. Looking forward, and given the strength of our product pipeline, breadth of our assortment and shoppers' strong interest in accessories, gifts and self-purchase, Coach is clearly well positioned for another excellent holiday season. While I will get into further detail of our current condition and the outlook of business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some highlights were: first, net sales totaled $1.05 billion versus $912 million a year ago, an increase of 15%; second, earnings per share totaled $0.73, up 16% from prior year; third, direct-to-consumer sales, which now include our Singapore business rose 17% to $910 million from $777 million in the prior year on a comparable basis; fourth, North American same-store sales for the quarter rose 9.2% from prior year, while total store sales rose 15%; fifth, sales in Japan rose 1% on a constant currency basis and 10% in dollars; and finally, in China, we continue to generate very strong growth with the continuation of significant double-digit comps. We're also very pleased to announce the acquisition of our domestic retail business in Taiwan, which is expected to occur in early January. During the quarter, we opened 2 North American retail stores, including one in the new market for Coach, Winnipeg in Canada, and the men's mall store in Garden State Plaza in New Jersey. Two retail stores were also closed. In addition, we opened 9 factory stores, including 8 men's stand-alone factory stores. At the end of the period, there were 345 full-priced and 152 factory stores in operation in North America. Moving on to China. During the quarter, we opened 5 net new locations, 4 in the mainland, one in Macau, bringing the total to 71 locations.  In Singapore, as planned, we took control of our retail businesses this quarter and opened one new store as well. We now have 6 company-operated locations in that country. And in Japan, 3 locations were added during the quarter, all of them dedicated men's shops, while one retail location was closed. At quarter end, of 178 total locations in Japan with 20 stand-alone full-priced stores, including 8 flagships, 119 shop-in-shops, 32 factory stores and 7 distributor-operated locations. Indirect sales, which for context represent about 13% of Coach's sales on an annualized basis, increased 4% to $140 million from $134 million in the same period last year on a comparable basis. At POS, U.S. department store sales rose slightly on a year-over-year basis in the quarter. At the same time, international retail sales rose at a double-digit pace, driven primarily by distribution growth. It should be noted that the international traveler represents a meaningful growth opportunity as Coach's global awareness and presence increases. Moving on. We estimate that the addressable women's U.S. handbag and accessory category rose about 5% to 10% last quarter. At the same time, in our own North American stores and on the Internet, Coach's handbag and accessory sales rose 12%. It's worth noting that our men's business was a significant driver of our overall all sales growth in Q1. Our North American performance is also benefiting from our rising global awareness, which is visible by the sharp increase of tourists in select stores in travel markets around the country, including Hawaii, Las Vegas, Florida, and of course, New York. In these locations, Coach has become a key shopping destination.  Our total revenues in North America rose 13% for the quarter with our directly operated stores up 15% as distribution growth augmented comp. As noted, total Q1 same-store sales rose 9.2%, fueling the strong overall comp with similarly strong gains in both channels, driven by significant increases in conversion from prior year, while tickets rose as well and store traffic declined. It's important to note, however, that we continue to experience significant gains in traffic and sales on the Internet. Looking at online traffic in combination with store traffic, it's more representative of our consumers' shopping behaviors in this growing digitally enabled environment, notably for the full-priced channel. In aggregating this metric, traffic into our retail channel actually rose with increases on coach.com more than offsetting the modest declines in store. This is consistent with our increased emphasis on digital, both through our own website and social media. In Japan, we posted a 1% increase in constant currency and a 10% increase in dollars, as mentioned. Coach now holds the #2 place within the Japanese imported accessories market with a 17% yen share. Our position reflects the strength and relevance of the Coach brand, as the Japanese consumer will become increasingly value oriented.  As we've discussed many times outside of North America, China is clearly our largest geographic growth opportunity given the size of the market and the rate of growth. During the quarter, our sales rose sharply from prior year, fueled by distribution and significant double-digit same-store sales. Clearly, the Chinese consumer has embraced Coach, as evidenced by the extremely high repurchase intent among existing customers. While Jane will get into more detail on our financials and I will discuss our outlook in some detail shortly, I wanted to give you this recap. As you know, Mike Tucci has joined us today to discuss our product performance for Q1 and our holiday sales initiatives. Mike?
Michael Tucci: Thanks, Lew. During the first quarter, as always, we maintained a high level of product innovation and distinctive newness, driving higher conversion levels and improved productivity. In addition to our relaunch of an evolved Poppy collection in July with updated styles, patterns and prints, we launched the new Chelsea collection featuring a modern, faceted turnlock inspired by our heritage and offered in timeless silhouettes. In August, we offered new fall fabrications, colors and patterns in Madison and a new shoulderbag style in Chelsea. During September, we focused on Kristin with several new totes and satchel styles. Clearly, our balanced and more refined handbag assortment continues to drive sustainable growth in North America. Handbags once again posted strong comps in the quarter, the penetration rising to 58%, the low single-digit increase and average unit retail. To open the second quarter, we brought in Madison, our core holiday collection, completely updated and featuring several new silhouettes. Lindsey, a new style and feature of our holiday ad campaign, was an immediate hit with consumers. Abigail is also a new fashion silhouette and key item. Both are available in the range of fabrications, including gathered leather, and price from a $358 up to $898 for limited edition. Also new to Madison are the Mini Sophia, the smaller version of this foundational style, the flat carryall and the Caroline Dowel satchel. With this being the most fully developed the Madison offering, we are seeing the highest penetration level for the collection ever, eclipsing its highly successful launch 3 years ago. For November, we're excited about Poppy, offered in new styles including 2 totes, a foldover crossbody silhouette, a hippie and a satchel. Liquid gloss or soft patent lightweight fabric, we'll bring additional excitement and color to the collection. We'll also be adding some newness to Chelsea. Only introduced this fall was a tote that features chain detail at compelling price points. Right before Thanksgiving, we'll refresh the assortment with updates to Madison and Kirsten, along with a new drawstring tote in Chelsea, giving her additional reasons to revisit and repurchase during the key holiday season. Of course, we'll also have a comprehensive assortment of great gifts, from iPad covers to wrist list and a wide range of items under $100 as well. In addition, our holiday product will be supported by a comprehensive marketing plan beginning in mid-November featuring a powerful gifting message. The emphasis of our marketing will be product and item-driven across our core categories and other gifting ideas. Our campaign will span coach.com, social and rich media advertising and compelling print and in-store marketing to drive traffic. We'll also be adding digital media to select high-profile store windows as the new element of our in-store marketing. I'd also like to take this opportunity to provide an update on our digital strategy and the benefits that we're seeing from it. As mentioned in previous calls, coach.com is our most important marketing tool. Our primary objective online in North America is to build top-of-mind brand awareness while maximizing e-commerce opportunity. In fact, within North America, coach.com is our fastest-growing retail store with double-digit sales growth.  Additionally, we're especially pleased with the early results of our mobile commerce site with over 15% of coach.com's total site traffic coming from a mobile device. Our digital presence expands far beyond our own website. We continue to evolve our engagement with our customers in a very relevant and authentic way through social media, with Facebook being the most important platform where Coach enthusiasts actively participate in our brand.  Also in the U.S., we recently launched our factory flash sale site. Offered by invitation-only to our factory loyal consumers, this highly-profitable 48-hour private sale events complement our store strategy and give our customers another way to engage with that channel. While this is a snapshot of our North American retail digital initiatives, our web presence is global. We also have an e-commerce site in Japan and informational site in 16 important countries. We'll continue to use our digital capability to build awareness and as a customer touchpoint as we expand the Coach brand globally. Moving to our stores. Lew already mentioned our store openings in North America this quarter. As you heard, our new distribution is primarily focused on growing our men's business, with 9 of the aggregate 11 stores opened in Q1 dedicated men's locations. While we're only 1-year into our focus on the men's initiative, we've been extremely pleased with our results as our business doubled on a global basis last year. In North America, we see men's as both a comp driver in existing stores and a substantial new distribution opportunity.  Similar to the way we viewed the brand's potential in the women's category in the late 1990s, we believe that Coach can be the authority in men's bags and accessories in the years ahead. As we created the world of Coach for women across categories, we're now doing the same for men, designing collections with a distinct point of view, sharing the modern, classic aesthetic that is a hallmark of Coach. Clearly, the male shopper is engaging with the brand in increasing numbers. In summary, we're excited with the continued progress we've made in improving our full-priced productivity and our growing men's business. We're feeling great about the holiday season given the current sales trends in both our full-priced and factory channel.  With that, I'll turn it back to Lew for a discussion of our strategy and further opportunities for growth.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Mike. Mike just discussed a number of our productivity initiatives, including men's, which we're confident will be a significant contributor to top line sales in the seasons and years ahead, both in North America and in international markets.  I would like to now focus on distribution growth. As mentioned in August, we expect that our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 12% this year compared to 9% in FY '11. Starting in North America, we will open about 40 new stores this year, including about 15 full-priced and 25 factory outlets with more than 1/2 and each channel being dedicated men's locations. In total, we expect North American square footage growth of about 7% this year, in line with last year but primarily driven by men's. Turning to China. This year, we're accelerating new store openings with about 30 locations planned or an additional 25 for the balance of the fiscal year, with the vast majority on the mainland. Virtually, all of these openings will be dual-gender stores due to the size of the men's opportunity. Given the continued strength we're experiencing in China, we are now projecting sales of at least $300 million for FY '12, the top end of the range we articulated in August. As previously mentioned, we are making significant investments towards increasing awareness in China as we leverage our 70th anniversary campaign to build on our positioning as a New York fashion brand grounded in heritage and history. This integrated campaign has several key elements, including an international brand ambassador, Gwyneth Paltrow, who has proven relevancy in China and other international markets. In November, she'll be traveling to China with us and participating in several key press events. In Japan, spending has stabilized from the post-earthquake and tsunami period. Our focus continues to be on gaining market share. During FY '12, we expect to open about 15 net new locations in Japan, nearly all of them dedicated men's stores. In total, we anticipate that net square footage growth in Japan will increase by about 10% this year compared to 3% in FY '11. Consistent with our strategy of directly operating select Asian markets, and as I mentioned briefly, we are pleased to announce that we've reached an agreement to take control of our domestic retail business in Taiwan, which has 24 locations and generates about $50 million of sales at retail. This transition is expected to occur in early January. And as previously announced, our Malaysia distribution will be acquired next July. It's important to note that these acquisitions will allow us to leverage the investments we've already made in the region, utilizing the infrastructure created over the last few years, including our Asia shared services center and the Asia distribution center. Outside of our directly operated markets, we do have thriving distributor-run businesses in other countries. During FY '12, we expect to open about 35 net new international wholesale locations, expanding to new markets, including Brazil and Vietnam, as noted on our last earnings call. Touching on Europe. During Q1, we added one location within Printemps in France, 2 in Ireland and one in Spain. Of course, we're excited about our new Bond Street flagship, which opened last month. Our international brand ambassador, Gwyneth Paltrow, co hosted a number of events heralding our opening, which helped raise brand awareness. During the balance of FY '12, we expect to open about 8 additional locations in Europe. In closing, as most of you know, we have 3 over-arching growth strategies: build -- first, building our women's business in the growing North America market; second, leveraging the global opportunity; and third, tapping into the large and growing men's category. Taken together, we are confident that they will drive our business at a double-digit pace during our planning horizon. At this time, I would like to introduce to you Jane Nielsen, our new CFO, for further detail on our financials. Jane?
Jane Nielsen: Thanks, Lew. It's great to be with all of you on my first Coach earnings call. Lew and Mike have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our first quarter results.  As mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased 15% with direct-to-consumer up 17% and indirect up 4%. Net income for the quarter totaled $215 million, up 14%, with earnings per diluted share of $0.73, up 16%. This compared to net income of $189 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.63 in the prior year's first quarter. Our operating income totaled $322 million, 13% above the $286 million reported last year, while operating margin was 30.7% versus 31.3%. We were extremely pleased with this level of growth and at the high level of profitability. During this quarter, gross profit totaled $765 million versus $676 million a year ago, an increase of 13%. As expected, gross margin rate was 72.8%, a sequential improvement from the 71.8% reported in Q4 '11. This compared to 74.2% a year ago, reflecting the impact of higher sourcing cost this year. Our expense ratio in Q1 totaled 42.1% compared to 42.8% reported in the year-ago quarter. We were able to gain 70 basis points of leverage in the quarter as our primary direct businesses here in North America and in Japan provided leverage to the corporate P&L, more than offsetting the impact of our investment spending. We believe we're striking the right balance between driving future growth opportunities and operating efficiencies. Inventory levels at the end of the quarter were $520 million, 13% above the $459 million reported at the end of last year's Q1. This inventory level allows us to support 24 net new North American stores, 8 net new locations at Coach Japan, 22 additional Coach China stores, the 6 stores from our acquisition in Singapore and our men's initiative. Further, it will support strong underlying business trends, enabling us to maximize sales this holiday.  Cash and short-term investments stood at $848 million as compared with $712 million a year ago. During the first quarter, we repurchased and retired nearly 1.1 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $55.30, spending a total of $59 million. This brought our trailing 12-month repurchase total to nearly 18 million shares, equaling about $1 billion. At the end of the quarter, approximately $900 million remained under our company's present repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter was $225 million compared to $177 million last year during Q1. Free cash flow in the first quarter was an inflow of $194 million versus $154 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $31 million versus $23 million in the same quarter a year ago. Consistent with our previous expectations and reflective of our global growth initiatives, CapEx for the year will be in the area of $200 million, driven primarily by the opening of new stores across all geographies and investments in technology necessary to enable our expansion. We were very pleased to once again report these strong financial results, and as Lew and Mike said, we're well positioned for the holiday quarter and the rest of the year.  To elaborate, first, we expect to achieve double-digit sales with earnings per share growth ahead of the top line. Our sales will be driven in part by at least mid-single-digit comp store sales growth in North America for the balance of the year. Second, as we said before, we still expect our gross margin to improve sequentially in the first half of the year versus the second half of FY '11, though our gross margin will still contract in the first half on a year-over-year basis. However, the second half is expected to improve over last year as we anniversary increased sourcing costs. On balance, we anticipate the gross margin will remain in the 72% to 73% range for the year. Third, on SG&A, we expect our developed businesses to continue to deliver leverage while we will also continue to invest in global growth for the future. Fourth, we are committed to delivering an operating margin similar to what we've generated over the past 2 years. And fifth, our tax rate is likely to be in the area of 33% for the remainder of the year. In summary, our first quarter results demonstrate our ability to manage our business nimbly while investing prudently in longer-term opportunities. We have accelerated our distribution plans to leverage the emerging market opportunity with a particular focus on China while also exploring new geographies, capitalizing on the increased popularity and recognition of the Coach brand with discerning consumers globally. We are also optimizing the brand's potential in men, leveraging our long heritage and equity in this category. And with the business model that generates significant cash flow and with virtually no debt, we are positioned to take full advantage of profitable growth opportunities globally while continuing to return capital to our shareholders. I'd now like to open it up to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Drbul with Barclays Capital.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Lew, the first question that I have is on China. You just reported strong China results and took your numbers up. What are you seeing there that gives you such confidence? And are you at Coach at all concerned about a hard landing or a slowdown in China?
Lew Frankfort: Well, first, we're focused on Coach, and our performance continues very strong. We've seen no slowdown in our rate of growth in China. As I mentioned, the repurchase intent is extremely high, and we're continuing to realize significant double-digit comp sales. And as we've discussed, we are opening 30 new locations. More broadly, I'm confident there will not be a hard landing in China. I think it's going to be a soft landing that will largely exempt the emerging middle-class population, which is our target consumer. She's a professional. She's young. She sees herself as part of the global marketplace. And she's going to be least affected.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. And then just a follow-up question is, in the U.S., Mike, can you talk about the trends above $300 and below and sort of any changes that you see and how you think the fourth quarter -- or the second quarter for you guys will play out from that perspective?
Michael Tucci: Sure, Bob. Using Q1 as the proxy where we kicked off the year, we are right at $2.99 in average unit retail. So we were up slightly over last year, which is very important. We had some pricing advantage. That was driven by an increased contribution penetration of handbags over $400, particularly on the back of the strength of Madison. And as you know, Madison is our lead collection for Q2. It's performing very, very well out of the gate. And I believe that, that affords us some pricing opportunity within the second quarter, albeit our second quarter is a little bit more of a price-sensitive quarter given the gifting nature of the business. So we're very, very enthusiastic about where the mix is landing, and we see Madison as a key driver.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christine Chen with Needham & Company.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to follow up on that question. You mentioned that greater contribution from bags over $400. What was that contribution? And what was it last year? And I'm wondering with the whiplash in the market, have you seen particular volatility in your traffic trends at either full-priced stores or factory stores?
Lew Frankfort: Sure. $400 -- over $400 handbag offering was up, represented about 22% of handbag sales versus 16% last year in Q1. That's a nice increase. Traffic volatility is not something that we're seeing at all. We see a very consistent pattern.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Schick with Stifel, Nicolaus.
David A. Schick - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Question. You mentioned, Lew, at the beginning that the women's market itself is going 5% to 10%. You grew faster at 12%. Where would you peg the growth rate of the men's market in North America or globally?
Lew Frankfort: We actually don't have any good numbers there. We think we're going to make the market in North America. It's highly fragmented and very small. We're really confident that we're already growing the market in North America and it will be more pronounced in years to come. Outside North America, we're playing real catch-up. There's a very developed market in China where roughly 40% of total luxury spend is on men's products, and we want our rightful share. Today, it's only 15% of our sales in China. And similar levels of spending occur in other East Asian countries, in Japan where it's about 15% of our sales as well that we believe we can grow our share there, too. So we're very optimistic that internationally, it's a catch-up. And the new markets, which we're entering, such as Europe and China, it's a major emphasis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson, Bank of America.
Lorraine Maikis Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You mentioned on the call that your e-commerce this year, 16 informational sites in various countries. Should we expect to see those moved to full e-commerce channels, particularly in China? And what are the hurdles that you face in doing so?
Lew Frankfort: Mike.
Michael Tucci: As we develop our business in these countries, particularly from a retail presence, we build the market from a store basis, and we're really accenting our position in the market with informational sites. As the business develops, we will convert our informational sites to e-commerce sites. So for example, China will convert to e-commerce later this year. We have an e-commerce site in Japan. So it will be market by market and it will be enabled by the opportunity that we have in countries from a distribution and fulfillment standpoint. Also, the informational sites allow us to drive awareness to our stores, traffic to our stores and capture customer information e-mail and other productive information.
Operator: Our next question comes from Randy Koenig from Jefferies.
Amanda Sigouin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is Amanda Sigouin in for Randy. Question also on China. Roughly how much is the pricing premium there versus the North American business? And also on the product there, do you see any differences between the handbag penetration in China versus the U.S. or kind of the average price points there?
Lew Frankfort: Well, first, on the second part of your question, what we're finding within our global assortment are very little differences. So that handbags have a similar level of penetration that we have in the United States. However, as I mentioned, we are distorting our development towards men's. As we open our future stores, we expect virtually all of them to be dual gender. So very quickly, men's penetration will rise dramatically. In terms of our pricing, we have a global pricing strategy, and it is consistent with other luxury brands.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Jane, welcome, look forward to working with you. Jane, can you give us your initial take on Coach, a little bit about what your priorities are in the role now? And Lew, I was in the store on -- and Mike, I was in the store on Bond Street on Sunday. It looks terrific. I saw the 41 Bond Street collection and I could see why you're going to do well there. Can you talk a little about overseas and where you expect overseas sales and profits to be as a percent of total over time?
Jane Nielsen: Well, I can take the -- I'll take the first question since it was directed at me. I guess what I found at Coach is a lot what you see in our Q1 earnings. Great, just incredible passion for the business. It's an incredibly knowledge-driven management team that's both numerous and really knows the business cold. As CFO, I really appreciate the disciplined and rigorous processes that really support all the decision-making but really retains the sense of flexibility to respond to the market. And I guess what I appreciate most is the passion that everybody approaches the business with and that everyone has for the brand. As CFO, I really think that finance can contribute in 4 important ways. I'd love for the finance team to be viewed as a business partner that really takes great ideas and makes some great businesses, to really be a model of stewardship and that leads by example and to really be a driver of a well-controlled organization that's committed to delivering results the right way.
Lew Frankfort: Okay. When we say overseas growth, I'm going to reference business outside North America. First, the good news is that Coach continues to be a growth market. So it's hard to beat the overall growth in North America. But as we develop scale, particularly in China and East Asia, we expect that 50% of our growth over the next 5 years will be outside of North America. And what that means is that we will go roughly, and I'm going to give you a rough number, from about 30% of our sales today outside North America to over 40%. The other element I'd just like to emphasize is that as we grow internationally, there is a spillover impact into the United States, and we're really benefiting enormously from the surge in awareness and brand cache among tourists, as I said earlier, in key markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez, Nomura.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you talk about in which businesses you saw year-over-year improvement in the EBIT margin line, if any? I'm just trying to understand how much the EBIT margin drag was from mix versus actual declines in those individual segments.
Jane Nielsen: Paul, we don't discuss EBIT margins for our individual business units. The individual business units' operating margin for the 2 major channels, direct and indirect, will be provided in the Q.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And just maybe one follow-up. I was a little surprised that you didn't buy back more stock during the quarter. Just wondering what your thoughts are there.
Jane Nielsen: Well, I wouldn't interpret too much from our Q1 buyback. We remain committed to returning capital to our shareholders and fundamentally believe that share buybacks are a good means of doing that. We're always balancing the working capital needs of our business to fuel growth with the open window that we have to buy back our shares. And as you know, Q1 is our shortest window to do that buyback.
Operator: The next question comes from Liz Dunn with Macquarie.
Lizabeth Dunn - Macquarie Research: As it relates to your men's business, can you just talk a little bit about how you're thinking about the openings in the U.S.? Are they clustered in sort of tourist locations? And how does the productivity of the men's business in the U.S. compare to the productivity of your women's business?
Michael Tucci: Sure. I'll break this out. Let me start with full price. We are seeing the opportunity in full price to add men's presence in our best locations in the United States. And that's either going to occur with an expansion within our most productive stores or malls or taking existing real estate in those most highly productive stores and dedicating more space to men's, as we've done, for example, in our Madison Avenue store at 57th Street, at 342 Madison store and others throughout the country. The approach in men's will be top-down. We're going to go from our most productive locations, most highly productive, highly traffic, most premium locations in North America and attack those first. And that is really what we're working on. A format that we're most excited about that we need to get built out is what we're calling a side-by-side format where, for example, in Pentagon Mall in Washington this spring, we'll take our existing store, which is a women's-only store, relocate it to a larger format with a side-by-side men's, women's location in about 3,700 square feet, bringing men's to the lease line and creating a dual-gender view to the customer. We believe that, that, on the full-price side, is an enormous growth opportunity for us. In factory, we are seeing incredible response to our men's. And there, we have 2 formats: one is a separate men's store in the neighborhood of our women store; or again, combining our men's and women's presence under one roof side by side. And we see both of those opportunities as viable and I think, long term, going deep into our fleet in terms of penetration. Our men's productivity is significant. It's very comparable to women's at very high margins and very high returns.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Maschmeyer with Robert W. Baird.
Erika K. Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Just one clarification to start. We are at least mid-single-digit comp guidance. Is that what you're thinking about for each quarter over the rest of the year just? Or the remainder of the year as a whole? And then can you talk a little bit about the trends that you're seeing on the wholesale side? I noticed that you kind of moderated your language around the shipments and the U.S. department store POS are up less than they had been. So I guess anything that you're seeing there?
Jane Nielsen: Yes, the guidance for the mid-single-digit that we're giving is for the balance of the year.
Lew Frankfort: At least mid...
Jane Nielsen: At least mid-single-digit balance of the year.
Lew Frankfort: With regard to wholesale, again for context, it's 13% of our sales. And that does include our international wholesale business, which is growing double digits at POS. And our U.S. department stores, we were pleased to post a 3% comp performance in what we consider a very developed channel and a very strong promotional environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Edward Yruma with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Edward J. Yruma - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: With so much of your growth coming in the North American business from men's, can you talk a little bit about how you're changing your marketing to focus on men and how you're trying to introduce the brand to that man customer that doesn't know that there's a men's product for them at Coach?
Michael Tucci: Okay. Well, first, the context. A significant majority of our growth in the first quarter came from women's, not men's. So women's is really continuing to grow rapidly. As we quickly develop scale in men's, we expect naturally to see a greater proportion of our growth come from men's. In terms of our marketing to men, we are going to distort spending starting this holiday season here in the States towards men, particularly both in publications that men tend to read, as well as through focused digital opportunities. So for us, key is really building awareness that we have a very broad and excellent assortment and for those men on the call we invite you to visit our stores or the Internet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley.
Kimberly C. Greenberger - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Well, it sounds like your North American growth is going to be largely driven by men's here in the near term. I'm wondering if you can just step back and look out at the next 2 to 3 years and tell us what do you think the total men's store opportunity is here in the North American market and how does that compare with the total women's opportunity? And then just a clarification on your earlier commentary, if you can help us understand in that 9% North American comp how the full-priced business and the factory business compare to one another?
Lew Frankfort: I'll let Mike begin, and I'll amplify.
Michael Tucci: Sure. While the easy one is on the comp performance between the 2 channels, very, very consistent with prior quarters and both channels performing very, very similarly. On men's, I think it's important to understand that it's still early. We're very enthusiastic about what we're seeing. The men's opportunity on the factory side of the business is demonstrated. And there, I would say we are in more than a rollout in distribution growth mode. On the full-price side, real estate acquisition and positioning in the marketplace, frankly, is more of a long-term challenge and will take more time. And we continue to experiment with what the optimal format is in men's on the full-price side. So I would say there, we need a little bit more time to commit to how large the opportunity can be. Confidently, we're going to double our men's business this year in North America and build it to a meaningful base and a meaningful penetration to our total company business. It is also providing comp and productivity to the overall channels in full-price and factory. Long-term target, I see men's as being -- I would go out on a limb and say that men's can be 15% to 20% of our women's business over time, which obviously sets it up as a substantial growth opportunity, both within North America, as well as from a global standpoint. Lew, do you want to add?
Lew Frankfort: I would only add that I do believe that markets such as China and select Western European and Middle Eastern and East Asian markets will actually be higher. And in fact, this year, we expect the penetration of men's to exceed 15% both in Japan and China, heading quickly towards 25% in China.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad: Quick question. The markets continue to be a little bit concerned about the fragility of the economic environment, and the U.S. consumer continues to defy gravity in some sense. And retail sales numbers tend to be good, especially for some of the great brands out there like yours. How do you feel about that kind of aspirational consumer and their health? And are you seeing anything in your research or in your trends in the stores that lead you to believe that this strength is temporary?
Lew Frankfort: We can offer a very broad commentary, but I'll just hit a few different points. Consumers are cautious and concerned. However, unlike what occurred in '08 and '09, there's been no increase in the percentage of consumers that believe we're going to go into a deep recession. So even though there is worry, there isn't a feeling that the bottom is going to fall out, point one. Second, when we look at our consumer, she and he skews towards college graduates. And when we look at college grads, which represents about 1/3 of the total labor force, the unemployment rate is only about 4,%, higher than it should be, but it's only 4%. So the middle and upper middle class as the professional classes are doing a lot better than America overall, and those brands that are able to provide innovation, relevance and perceived excellent value are continuing to thrive. And we, as an acceptable luxury brand, are extremely well positioned to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faye Landes with Consumer Research.
Faye I. Landes - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Can you just -- a couple of sort of cleanup questions at this point. First of all, I just want to make sure because I think there may otherwise be some confusion, just clarify, just, I guess, lead to lead the witness, how little the contribution is of Singapore to the total?
Lew Frankfort: Go ahead, Andrea.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: It's de minimis, Faye. At this point, you'll recall that in Jane's section, I think we talked specifically to the fact that we acquired 6 stores. So it is really extremely small. We did note and we state our prior-year number indirect to direct by $2 million so we can give you an idea of exactly how small that business is.
Faye I. Landes - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. And also, Lew, I was hoping -- if you can just elaborate a little bit more on China. I heard what you said and I appreciate it. The results speak for themselves, but needless to say, investors need a lot of handholding on this. And I think even the term soft landing is something that might unintentionally spook people. So I know you do a lot of insight work here, so if you can...
Lew Frankfort: Okay. I got it. When we say soft landing, we're talking about 8% growth rate falling to 6% or 5% for a short period of time. We're not talking about anything significant. Yes, there's a perceived bubble in the extremely high-end real estate market. That is not our consumer. So we're not feeling anything, and we don't expect it to be material. And just in closing, we actually increased our guidance for performance for the year to the top end of our range. So if anything, our performance is exceeding our expectations of 3 months ago.
Faye I. Landes - Consumer Edge Research, LLC: Okay. And also just one more quick follow-up on that. You talked -- I mean you do -- you are leading the charge in a certain sense outside of the Tier 1 cities and you've been very farsighted on that. Can you just talk a little bit about what the differences you're seeing in consumer behavior, in general, among the different -- in between the different tiers?
Lew Frankfort: Well, first, we have lower -- Coach has lower brand awareness in our second-tier cities, second- and third-tier cities, so we've been partnering with the department stores or with the malls to develop special programs to introduce Coach. Out of the gate we're performing extremely well beating our expectations. More broadly, we find that there's an appetite for a limited-edition product as well, even in situations where we're the first international accessories brand within the areas. And what we're finding is we're enjoying great success and very high repurchase intention. And I'll just close with a lasting comment, a broad general comment, which is shopping is the #1 pastime in the secondary and tertiary markets, as it was in the United States 30 years ago. So when we visit our malls, we find multigenerations of consumers browsing, and we're building awareness and driving sales.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thanks, everybody, for joining us on our conference call today. As Mike noted, I'd now like to turn back to Lew for a few closing words. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: I think we said it all. The quarter was good. We are on track for an excellent holiday season. You can tell by our -- beyond the words, the energy that all of us have that, we're feeling really good about our over-arching strategies. Growth in North America, which is expanding share in a growing market, the incredible international opportunity with the sharp focus in China. And lastly, of course, men's, which is going to be a roar for Coach. Thank you, everybody.
Operator: This does conclude the Coach earnings conference. We thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-08-02 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Victor Luis - President of Coach Retail International Michael Tucci - President of Retail Division - North America Lew Frankfort - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael Devine - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer And Executive Vice President Andrea Resnick - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications 
Analysts: Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc. Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Lorraine Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman; and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Please note that the results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ending July 2, 2011, included 13 and 52 weeks, respectively, while the same periods in fiscal 2010 included 14 and 53 weeks, respectively. All discussions of comparable store sales are calculated based on an equivalent number of weeks for each period, 13 weeks versus a comparable 13-week period for the fourth quarter and 52 weeks versus 52 weeks for the fiscal year.  Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our fourth fiscal quarter and annual 2011 results and will also discuss our overarching strategy. Mike Devine will continue with details on financial and operational results of the quarter and the year. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Mike Tucci, President, North American Retail; Victor Luis, President, International Retail; and Jerry Stritzke, our President and Chief Operating Officer. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Lew will then conclude with some brief summary comments.  I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our release this morning, we were very pleased with our fourth quarter results, including excellent sales and earnings growth. This quarter's performance demonstrated a continuation of the momentum we have been experiencing throughout FY '11, as we continue to improve productivity while expanding our distribution in new and existing geographies. Our results reflect a growing recognition of the Coach brand globally and the success of our new initiatives.  Before I review the highlights of the quarter, I wanted to mention our CFO transition. First, as you know, Mike Devine announced his retirement earlier this year effective later this month. This will be his last earnings call with Coach, and we will miss Mike greatly. Mike has played a critical role in developing and executing the strategies that have driven our superior sales and earnings growth during his tenure with the company. We wish him every success in the future. At the same time, we're pleased to welcome Jane Nielsen as our new CFO who will be officially starting in early September. Moving on with some key highlights of our quarter and fiscal year. Our performance in FY '11 was highlighted by increases of 18% in revenues, 20% in operating income and 30% in earnings per share, all on a comparable 52-week basis. It was a year of many milestones including, first, Coach surpassed $4 billion in sales, driven by gains in all of our business units. Second, we placed an increased emphasis on the globalization of our business, as we accelerated our international distribution growth, especially in Asia while we continued to open new stores and gain market share in North America. Third, we successfully refocused on the men's opportunity for Coach, as we began to open dedicated men's and dual gender locations globally, doubling the business year-over-year. And fourth, we increased our quarterly dividend by 50% and authorized another $1.5 billion buyback in January, demonstrating our financial strength, cash flow generation and our commitment to shareholder return.  This annual performance was capped off by an excellent fourth quarter. Some key metrics were: first, net sales totaled $1.03 billion, an increase of 17% on a comparable 13-week to 13-week basis. Second, earnings per share totaled $0.68, up 22% from the $0.56 in the prior year on a same 13-week basis. Third, direct-to-consumer sales rose 18% on a comparable 13-week to 13-week basis. Fourth, North American same-store sales for the quarter rose 10% on a comparable basis from prior year while total North American store sales rose 18%. Fifth, sales in Japan rose 6% in dollars and declined 7% in constant currency, also on a comparable basis, modestly impacted by the ongoing effects of the earthquake and tsunami. And finally, we continue to generate very strong sales and comps in China. During the quarter, we opened 3 North American Retail stores, including 2 in new markets for Coach, Fredericksburg, Virginia and Albuquerque, New Mexico, as well as our first mall-based men's store in Copley Plaza in Boston. We also closed 2 locations. In addition, we opened 9 factory stores, including 6 men's dedicated locations.  At the end of FY '11, there were 345 full price and 143 factory stores in operation in North America. This was a net increase of 3 full price stores, including one men's retail store, as well as 8 factory stores and 14 men's factory stores from the end of FY '10. Total square footage grew 7% for the year.  Moving to Japan, 2 locations were added, a shop-in-shop and a men's factory store. Separately, all but 2 of the stores that were closed due to the earthquake and tsunami had reopened by year end. And over the last month, the remaining 2 have reopened.  At year end, there were 176 total locations in Japan, with 20 stand-alone full price stores, including 8 flagships, 119 shop-in-shops, 30 factory stores and 7 Duty Free locations. In total, a net of 9 locations were added in Japan during FY '11, and 3 were expanding, yielding total square footage growth of about 4%.  And in China, we added 11 new locations, 9 on the Mainland and 2 in Hong Kong. At the end of the quarter, there were 66 Coach locations in China, including 53 locations in the Mainland and 22 cities. Additionally, there were 11 locations in Hong Kong and 2 in Macau. In aggregate, there was an increase of 25 net new locations for the fiscal year for a square footage increase of 62%.  Indirect sales, which represent about 13% of Coach's sales on an annualized basis, increased 12% on a comparable 13 to 13-week basis or 4% as reported to $113 million. This increase was driven by both international wholesale shipments and shipments into U.S. department stores.  At POS, international sales rose significantly, driven by both distribution and comps, while U.S. department store sales rose high single digits.  We estimate that the addressable U.S. women's handbag and accessory category rose 5% to 10% during our fiscal fourth quarter. Over the same period, Coach's bag and accessories sales rose about 14% across all channels in North America including in our own stores.  For the fiscal year ended June, we estimate that the addressable category rose about 10% to approximately $9.3 billion, while Coach's North American bag and accessories sales rose 14% across all channels and 17% in our own stores over the same period.  Separately, it's worth noting our customers' outlook for the economy has been stable over the last few quarters with 1/3 of those surveyed still believing that the U.S. economy is improving. Our intention to purchase Coach remains high, with over 2/3 of consumers surveyed noting they probably or definitely would purchase a Coach product in the next 12 months. Our total revenues in North America was up 17% in the quarter on a comparable 13-week to 13-week basis, with our directly operated stores up 18%, as distribution growth augmented the comp performance.  Fueling these overall comp results were strong gains in both the full price and factory channels, driven by significant increases in conversion from prior year while ticket and traffic were essentially the same. We were particularly pleased with the improvement in the conversion rate since it is the driver that we have the most control over through product and service.  We also have been delighted by the very strong sales trends we're experiencing in our North American coach.com business, our largest store which, of course, is also extremely profitable. While we have long viewed this channel primarily as a marketing vehicle, sales growth accelerated at a significant double-digit pace during the fourth quarter. We expect that Internet sales will grow rapidly in the years ahead while also importantly driving consumers into the stores.  While the fall season is just underway, we are pleased with our current trends and consumers' continued response to our product and positioning. As noted for the quarter, we posted a 7% decrease in local currency in Japan and a 6% gain in dollars, excluding the extra week from last year's results. Five of the 7 stores that remain closed at the end of March due to earthquake and tsunami damage reopened during the fourth quarter, and the remaining 2 just reopened this month as mentioned. Generally, business in Japan is trending where it was prior to the events of March 11, as business improved over the period.  Naturally, I want to call out China, which is our single largest geographic growth opportunity. During the fourth quarter, as for all previous quarters this year, we achieved significant double-digit comp growth. And as I referenced earlier, we are opening stores primarily on the Mainland where increasing numbers of consumers are participating in the category.  Moving on to product. During the fourth quarter, we maintained a high level of product innovation and distinctive newness. In April, we introduced a collection of Natalie novelty straw totes along with new colors and a Dream C print in Poppy. In May, we launched Audrey, a modern tote story featuring perforated leather, op art and print concepts. Additionally, our lead collection for Mother's Day was Madison, offered in fresh colors and patterns. For June, we introduced new leather and pattern colors in Kristin, as well as a strong new op art print. Our Kristin hobo continues to be the key item within the collection. This season's product was very well-received, and both handbags and women's accessories achieved strong comps in the quarter with handbag penetration in our North American Retail stores remaining at 55%.  In addition, in July, we launched the new Chelsea collection and evolved Poppy with updated styles, patterns and prints. The Chelsea collection features a modern faceted turnlock inspired by our heritage and offered in timeless silhouettes. Poppy has an updated look with new leather and local fabrics and new pushlock closures.  In August, we're offering new fall fabrications, colors and patterns in Madison and a new shoulder bag in Chelsea. On the factory side, our strong results were fueled by a powerful combination of new product introductions with key styles offered at great prices. Additionally, our inventory investment strategy enabled us to capture sales upside throughout the quarter. Our product assortment was also supported by our in-store and direct marketing campaigns.  Naturally, I also want to touch on men's, a global initiative. As many of you know, we decided about 18 months ago that we would create a strong capability to leverage our reputation in the marketplace for quality leather men's products. Over this period, we've built a team and the infrastructure to become a market leader in the men's category. And we’ve begun to expand our global footprint in men's. In the U.S., we've opened 3 full price dedicated men stores: Bleecker Street in New York, Copley Plaza in Boston and, most recently, Garden State in New Jersey. In addition, we've created about 40 dedicated men's concept shops in select full price flagships. We also opened a total of 14 North American men's dedicated factory stores as mentioned. Our results have exceeded our expectations and underscore the opportunity for Coach men's in the U.S.  Outside of the U.S., where the male customer tends to be more style conscious, we've also opened a number of men's dedicated stores, notably in Japan where we have 7 men's stores today. Our future store growth in Japan will primarily be dedicated men's locations. More generally, in Asia, including China, we are seeing excellent early results from dual gender stores.  Our first year results have been excellent, as our men's sales doubled to over $200 million in FY '11. This performance underscores our confidence in men's as a significant growth driver for Coach, and we now believe it could contribute 25% or more of the company's growth over the next several years.  As we enter FY '12 beyond the men's initiative, our overarching strategies remain largely unchanged. We will continue to focus on expansion opportunities, both in North America and increasingly in international markets. In addition, as always, we're focused on improving performance in existing stores by increasing Coach's share of our consumers' accessories wardrobe while continuing to attract new customers into the franchise. Moving on to distribution growth. We expect that our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 12% in FY '12 compared to 9% last year.  Starting in North America, we will open about 40 new stores in FY '12 with more than half being dedicated men's locations. In total, we expect to open about 15 net new full price locations, about half will be men's, and 25 factory outlets, including 15 men's stores. In total, we expect North American square footage growth of about 7% this year in line with last year and driven by men's. As we've discussed many times, outside of North America, China is clearly our largest geographic opportunity, given the size of the market and the rate of growth. The Chinese consumer has embraced Coach, as evidenced by the significant double-digit comps we're consistently generating and the extremely high repurchase intent among existing customers.  Our sales in China totaled over $185 million, up from $108 million last year, as the market grew rapidly, and we increased our share to 6% on the Mainland. In addition, our unaided brand awareness among P.R.C. consumers jumped to 16%, about double last year's level. This year, we will accelerate new store openings with about 30 locations planned for the Mainland. The vast majority will be dual gender stores, given the size of the men's opportunity in China. Overall, we're now projecting sales of between $280 million and $300 million for FY '12, up from our previous guidance of $250 million. We also intend to open a few locations in Hong Kong in FY '12, along with 1 or 2 in Singapore where we just acquired the operations of our distributor last month as planned.  In FY '12, we will make significant investments towards increasing awareness in China, as we leverage our 70th anniversary campaign to build on our positioning as a New York fashion brand grounded in heritage and history. This integrated campaign will have several key elements, including an international brand ambassador, Gwyneth Paltrow, who has proven relevancy in China and other international markets.  In Japan, the overall consumer market remains very challenging, and the category continues to contract. Our focus continues to be on gaining market share, and we have done this quite well in our core women's business. As discussed, we're now also focusing on men's where we have seen early success. During FY '12, we expect to open about 15 net new locations in Japan, nearly all of them dedicated men's doors. In total, we expect the net square footage growth in Japan will increase by about 10% this year compared to about 3% last year.  Finally, beyond our directly owned international businesses in Japan, China and now Singapore, we do have significant and growing distributor-run businesses in other Asian countries. We're also pleased to announce distribution agreements to open the first Coach stores in Brazil, which are expected to open next spring, and in Vietnam with the first openings expected late this calendar year. During FY '12, we expect to open between 35 to 40 net new international wholesale locations, bringing our total number to nearly 250.  Touching on Europe. Last year, we opened a total of 14 locations, including 7 in Printemps in France and through our JV with Hackett, 6 shop-in-shops in El Corte Inglés, 5 in Spain and 1 in Lisbon, along with 1 retail store in the U.K. We've been pleased with our initial performance and the early reaction of domestic shoppers and international tourists to the Coach proposition. For FY '12, we expect 3 additional openings in Printemps, including 2 men's shops, as well as a number of new locations in Spain, the U.K. and Ireland through our joint venture. Naturally, we're very excited about our New Bond Street flagship, which is on target for a September opening and will be supported by our new ad campaign featuring Gwyneth Paltrow.  Beyond the opportunities in the Coach brand, as you know, we launched Reed Krakoff last September in a few boutiques in the U.S. and Japan, as well as through prestigious international specialty retailers. We are pleased that the product is appealing to the targeted pinnacle luxury consumer. As we mentioned on the 3Q call, Valérie Hermann joined Reed Krakoff as President and CEO this April from YSL and has been a valuable addition to the leadership team.  What I have just reviewed are our strategies to drive our business at a double-digit pace, given the continuing strength of the Coach business and our increasing global expansion. We have significant runway ahead of us, both in North America, which remains a growing market, and worldwide, while our refocus on men's provides an additional opportunity for growth. At this time, I will turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further details on our financials. Mike?
Michael Devine: Thank you, Lew. Lew has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our fourth quarter results. As mentioned, on a comparable non-GAAP basis, our quarterly revenues rose 17% with Direct-to-Consumer, which represents about 87% of our business, up 18%, and our indirect segment, up 12%.  Similarly, operating income rose over 20%. Net income for the quarter increased 18% and totaled $202 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.68, up 22%. On a reported basis, sales rose 9%. Net income rose 4%, and earnings per share gained 7%. For the fiscal year, sales rose 18% on a comparable non-GAAP basis, totaling $4.16 billion, while earnings per share were $2.92, up 30%, and net income was $881 million, up 24%. On a reported basis for the full year, sales rose 15%, net income gained 20%, and earnings per share increased 26% from fiscal 2010. For the quarter, operating income totaled $312 million, up 20% from the prior year on a comparable non-GAAP basis and 5% above the $297 million reported in the year-ago period. Operating margin was 30.3%, 80 basis points better than the 29.5% generated in the prior year on a comparable basis and versus 31.2% on a reported basis. During the quarter, gross profit rose 6% to $740 million from $697 million reported a year ago, while gross margin rate was 71.8% versus 73.3%, reflecting the impact of higher sourcing costs, partially offset by channel mix and modestly lower levels of promotional activity in our North American factory business.  SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales totaled 41.5% compared to the 42.1% reported in the year-ago quarter. We were pleased that we were able to gain 60 basis points of leverage on a reported basis in the quarter, as our primary direct businesses here in North America and in Japan provided leverage to the corporate P&L, more than offsetting the impact of our investment spending. We believe we're striking the right balance between driving future growth opportunities and operating efficiencies. For the full year, operating income totaled $1.3 billion and 32% of sales, up 20% from the prior year on a comparable basis and 14% above the $1.15 billion reported in the year-ago period. On a comparable basis, operating margin expanded 50 basis points and was above our stated objective and last year's actual margin of 31.5%. On a reported basis, operating margin was 31.4% versus 31.9%.  During the year, gross profit rose 15% to $3.02 billion from $2.63 billion a year ago. Gross margin was 72.7% versus 73.0% a year ago. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales totaled 41.3% compared to the 41.1% reported in fiscal 2010. As a reminder, there were a number of items that affected comparability for the fourth quarter and the full year. First, the 53rd week in FY '10 contributed about $70 million to sales, $24 million to net income or $0.08 to earnings.  In addition, as noted in our press release, we recorded certain onetime items during the third quarter of 2011 which resulted in a substantially lower tax rate of 26.5% in that quarter. These included a favorable settlement of a multiyear tax return examination, which decreased Coach's provision for taxes by $16 million. In addition, the company made a $21 million contribution to the Coach Foundation and also contributed JPY 400 million or just under $5 million to the Japanese Red Cross. Together, these contributions totaled nearly $26 million pretax, impacting GAAP SG&A expenses by that amount and precisely offsetting the benefit of the tax settlement to both net income and EPS. Moving to the balance sheet. Inventory levels at quarter end were $422 million, up about 16% from FY '10 year end, consistent with our expectations and sales growth. This inventory level allows us to support 25 net new North American stores, 8 net new locations at Coach Japan and 25 additional Coach China stores from the year-ago period, as well as the Asia distribution center, the Reed Krakoff brand and our men's initiatives. Further, our current inventory support the strong underlying business trends and will allow us to maximize sales this summer and fall.  Cash and short-term investments stood at $702 million, essentially even with $696 million a year ago after $1.1 billion of share repurchase in the interim 12 months. During the fourth fiscal quarter alone, we repurchased and retired about 6.3 million shares of our common stock at an average cost of $60.08, spending a total of $381 million. At the end of the year, approximately $962 million remained under our present repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter was $221 million compared to $182 million last year during Q4. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was an inflow of $164 million versus $152 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $57 million versus $29 million in the same quarter a year ago.  For the full fiscal year 2011, net cash from operating activities was $1 billion compared to $991 million a year ago. Free cash flow in fiscal year '11 was an inflow of $886 million versus $910 million in fiscal year '10. CapEx spending totaled $148 million for the year compared to $81 million in the prior year.  It's important to note that based on our current plans for FY '12, we expect the CapEx for next year will be up in the area of $200 million -- up to the area of $200 million, driven by the timing shifts of certain projects or primarily for the opening of new stores across all geographies and investments in technology necessary to enable our global expansion.  While we are not giving specific guidance for FY '12, we see the year unfolding very similarly to FY '11 with strong revenue trends, robust core businesses delivering leverage while we continue to invest in the future.  First, and most generally, we do expect to achieve double-digit sales with earnings per share growth ahead of the top line. Our sales will be driven in part by at least mid-single-digit comp store sales in North America. Second, as we've said before, our gross margin is likely to improve sequentially in the first half of the year versus the second half of FY '11, though it will still contract on a year-over-year basis. The second half is expected to be slightly easier as we anniversary increased sourcing costs, while channel mix and our sourcing initiatives contribute to profitability. On balance, we expect gross margin to remain high and in the 72% to 73% range for FY '12. Third, on SG&A, we expect our core businesses to continue to deliver leverage while we will also continue to invest in global growth for the future. Fourth, we are committed to delivering an operating margin similar to what we've generated over the past 2 years. And fifth, our tax rate is likely to be in the area of 33% for the year, as we further refine our international tax strategies. In summary, our fourth quarter and FY '11 results demonstrated our ability to manage our business nimbly while investing prudently in longer-term opportunities. We're accelerating our distribution plans to leverage the emerging market opportunity, with a particular focus on China, while also exploring new geographies, capitalizing on the increasing popularity and recognition of the Coach brand with discerning consumers globally. We are also optimizing the brand's potential on men's, leveraging our long heritage in this category. And with a business model that generates significant cash flow and with virtually no debt, we are in a position to take advantage of profitable growth opportunities globally while continuing to return capital to shareholders. As Lew mentioned, this will be my last earnings call. So before I open it to questions, I just wanted to say that this has been the most remarkable and rewarding 10 years of my professional career. I'm quite proud of what Coach has accomplished over this time. And in addition to all the many people at Coach I need to thank, at this time, I'd especially like to thank all of my many, many good buy-side and sell-side friends out there. Your support has been tremendous. I'd also like to welcome Jane, who I know is listening as she takes the best CFO job in global branded retail, and close by saying that I plan to be a long-time shareholder as Coach's prospects have never been brighter. And I look forward to watching its continued success as I pursue my board work and spend more time with my family. Thank you. I would now like to open it up to questions and answers.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Mike D.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Drbul with Barclays Capital.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: I guess the first question that I have is on the comp results for this quarter, what really drove the upside to your plans? And do you think those drivers should remain intact for potential for upside in your plans for the next fiscal year?
Lew Frankfort: Mike Tucci will take that.
Michael Tucci: Sure. We had -- we're very pleased with the quarter. We're very pleased with the year. The drivers behind it, conversion’s significant, more importantly behind conversion, improved handbag productivity through pricing where we had average unit retail increases as well as unit comps. That was a significant driver, and I think it speaks to the longer-term rebalancing of the assortment and driving a focus on balance in our assortment in handbags. Additionally, we're starting to see men's become a comp driver, contributing to overall productivity in our stores, particularly in the significant high profile stores where we have men’s in a more definitive and larger format within those stores. As you well know, we tend to be conservative planners. And while it's early in the quarter in Q1, the trends and tempo of the business that we saw coming out of Q4, we really see that continuing in the early stages of July. We like what we see happening with the response to product, largely driven by Chelsea, a very strong response to what I would call a more a refined look within Poppy and continued reaction to newness in our factory channel where we continue to refine our flow strategies there. And I think the other important channel to mention is that our digital opportunity continues to be a growth driver for us, not only from a sales and revenue standpoint, but in terms of visitation and browse. And we know that a large reason for our consumers coming to our site is to pre-shop our stores, so we see that as a continued opportunity as we enter into Q1.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: Great, and just one follow-up question is, I think, Lew, you mentioned strong gains on a comp basis in both full price and factory. Was there a variance between the 2 this quarter?
Lew Frankfort: It was roughly the same.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc.: Quick question on your international wholesale business. It sounds like there's some -- a little bit of acceleration in the store growth plan for this year, especially in light that a couple more of those businesses are now in-house. Could you kind of put that in context, what's going on there, especially with the announcement today on Brazil and in Vietnam?
Lew Frankfort: I mentioned earlier that our growing awareness globally has created substantial opportunities for us. And so first, in existing markets, we're finding that we're gaining on higher awareness, increased traction, which gives us confidence that we can continue to open new locations. We're also benefiting in many markets from the global tourist who is contributing substantially to our sales in many locations. Due to the new distribution agreements and increased traction, we're in a position to open many more locations than we have had -- than we have opened in the past.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc.: And how will the sourcing work in Brazil? I know there are sometimes some tariff issues for imports. Is your partner there going to source locally?
Lew Frankfort: We're going to be -- consistent with the way we run our business, we're going to do outsourcing [ph]. We're going to deal with the tariffs as we need to. The assortment will be a global assortment.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc.: Okay, great. And then one quick question on men's. Could you remind us what it was historically at its peak in terms of a percent of total Coach sales? And do you think it could get back there someday?
Lew Frankfort: I'm sorry, men's...
Andrea Resnick: 20% to 25% of our sales as recently as the late 90s, Omar.
Lew Frankfort: It's conceivable that we could. I mean, right now, we're looking to grow our business from about 4% to over 10% during our planning horizon.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Kimberly Greenberger, Morgan Stanley.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: I wonder if you could talk about your pricing and your mix strategies in North America. And are you planning to increase price in order to offset rising cost of goods sold? And then Mike, could you just help me a little bit on your gross margin outlook? Can I read your comments to mean that you're expecting flat gross margin in 2012? Or do you think there's a possibility you could see some recovery in the year, obviously, with the improvement in the second half of the fiscal year?
Michael Devine: Why don't I take the latter half of that first, and then, perhaps Mike or Lew could jump in on the first part of the question? But Kimberly, we're -- yes, what we're asking people to model is essentially a flat gross margin rate. At this point in the year, it's still very early days of the year, but we're actually feeling guardedly optimistic about gross margin. We do believe that the quarter just reported is likely the low point. And we feel that we can continue to deliver margin rates similar to '10 and '11 for FY '12 with some gradual upside improvement in the out years, and that's in spite of continued sourcing pressures, the most worrisome of which is wage inflation in China. As we've talked about, we're at the beginning of a very aggressive program to move 50% of our units produced out of China. And while it's early days, we're ahead of schedule on this one, and we'll continue to battle it as we're now actually hearing some rumblings of wage inflation elsewhere. But in terms of materials, our design, merchandising and sourcing teams have done just a remarkable job in designing into cost and counter-sourcing. And of course, our cost of materials are not as dramatically impacted as some of the apparel brands you might be following. And we do feel like as we move into the second half of the year, we'll be anniversary-ing the worst of the material cost inflation. Really, all the other dynamics of the business will be helpful to gross margin as we move forward, most notably, channel mix, as our full price businesses in our mature markets continue to trend positive. And notably, China grows far more quickly than total Coach. Also the conversion of these distributor businesses, namely Singapore thus far, with Malaysia on horizon will also be helpful to gross margin rate. And I think, ultimately, long term as men's shares increases, we can also drive gross margin rate longer-term, as our relatively new men's team gets their legs under them. And frankly, we believe that our male consumers are not as bargain-obsessed as their wives and girlfriends. So the last thing I think that can be helpful to gross margin rate is as the overall economy generally improves, I think we'll continue to see full price trending nicely and perhaps over time have a little bit of pricing power in the factory channel as well. So we're looking for -- to model relatively flat FY '12 as the year plays out. The wildcard will be the promotional levels probably in factory, but there is gradual improvement in upside into the out years.
Michael Tucci: Okay, on retail pricing, the answer is we absolutely see opportunity for pricing, and it's not absolute price increases. It's driven by mix and offer. Couple of things that are happening in the market that are favorable to us. One is we're in a strong leather cycle, which affords us the ability to get higher retails, and that will drive average unit retails up in our handbag category, had an impact on Q4 where you see average handbags over $400 contributing 17% to our overall handbag sales versus '11 in the prior year. That's a big deal. The refinement of the Poppy strategy allows us to work the mix with inside of Poppy for some potential retail upside. And one other significant opportunity is what we're calling small bags and cross body, which offers us a pricing opportunity and also protects our opening price points both within Poppy, as well as in the overall mix. That's a very important element. So while we dialed back to a target of $300 and landed in the $280 range a couple of years back, we're now working our way back in trying to capture that $20 of upside in average unit retail in handbags. And I think overtime, we see that as a real opportunity. On the factory side, it's a similar story with a strong leather trend and also being very creative there on our pricing strategy to create differentiation in our retail strategy between leather offer and signature offer which the customer accepts on the factory side and allows us to gain average unit retail increases in our handbag category. That was also helpful and a driver, and we see that continuing.
Michael Devine: And a driver of gross margin rate as well, particularly in factory.
Lew Frankfort: I'd like to just add one clarification, Mike D. When we talk about 50% of our units coming from outside of China, what we're really referring to was incremental production requirements. We plan to maintain the same level of jobs in China that we have today, but all of our future requirements we're planning to come from outside of China.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Tunick with JPMorgan Chase.
Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I guess my question's on the SG&A side. Just maybe talk about the investment spending this past year on RK in Europe and the continuation of the design buildout. How much of a drag was that this past year? And how should we think about that going forward in FY '12? Can this business get back to that 38% SG&A, as a percentage of sales, especially if you guys get to that $5 billion in revenue target over the next couple of years? And just quickly, on the Hong Kong listing, is there any update on timing of what we should we be looking for and your time -- your thoughts on that?
Michael Devine: I'll take the simpler one, the Hong Kong listing first, although actually it's not simple. It’s proving to be complex. And we're currently going back and forth with the exchange answering some questions based on the documents we've submitted, required to get listed. I think we're looking probably for a listing sometime in the early fall. But going back to SG&A, we were very pleased actually in the fourth quarter and the way we just delivered, as we talked about, we delivered, on an as reported basis, 60 basis points of leverage to the SG&A line, and we did that in spite of losing some of our healthiest revenue from Japan as a result of the earthquake. And again, that's on the 14 versus 13-week compare. So we're continuing to see great leverage being delivered by our mature businesses here in North America and in Japan while we continue the investment spend. So we talked about that investment spending as it was directed for RK, the infrastructure build in China and in other parts of Asia to allow us to capitalize on the opportunity there as being an investment in the neighborhood of about $0.08 this most recent year. I think we can look to see that investment continue to improve into '12 and into the out years. Valérie Hermann has come in and is really doing, I think, a number of the right things around RK. We're likely to pick up a couple of pennies of investment spend there. What will happen is that in the first half of the fiscal year, we will pick up the Singapore direct expenses. And while relatively modest to total Coach, that will be a drag to the SG&A rate. It will take Victor Luis and his team a little bit of time to bring that business to its full profit potential. We will get there, but to get there quickly, it takes a while for us to install our retail processes, adjust the assortment. And remember, when we transition a business from the distributor to a direct business, we're buying that inventory back at wholesale prices. So the first 6 months of selling is also at somewhat reduced gross margin rates. But going forward into FY '12, the balance of all these investments and the leverage we expect to get from our mature businesses looks like we're going to have a pretty flat SG&A rate for the year while we grow the business very strong double-digit top line.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson, Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to follow up on the men's business. And how are you thinking about the total store base for both factory and full price domestically and then in Asia?
Lew Frankfort: Mike T?
Michael Tucci: We’re a little further along on the factory side only because it's more demonstrated there. We do have 15 stores opened. We opened a handful of stores this past several weeks, so we're adding to that. The factory opportunity from a store count standpoint is significant. And while we're not committing to a long-range number, we will be nimble and aggressive in terms of taking opportunities in the marketplace to gain space on the factory side. On the full price side, we're really pleased with what we see happening in the couple of stores that we have open outside of Bleecker Street, and we’ve committed to a handful of stores this year that we're working on, including a format where we have men's and women's side-by-side with a pass-through that will open in the spring in Pentagon Center Mall outside of D.C. That's when we talk dual gender. That's the format that we want to get into the marketplace. It's a format that we're seeing a lot of success with internationally, and we think that opportunity may play itself out in North America as well. I think it's important to note on the full price side that men's is a more premium proposition for us, and we're going to target the absolute best real estate within the full price arena. As we get more experience, we'll be better informed, and we'll approach the men's full price opportunity accordingly.
Lew Frankfort: Victor, would you touch on Asia for us, please?
Victor Luis: Sure. First, from the size of opportunity perspective, I think it's important to understand the scale of the opportunity that stands in front of us. We're looking at a premium handbag and accessories market in Asia of about $12 billion today, of which approximately 25% is men's. That would be the approximate penetration in Japan and in P.R.C., in Mainland, China, we see the penetration of men's closer to 50%, so a truly tremendous opportunity for us. From a distribution perspective, of course, you're all aware that we have a more mature distribution in Japan. And as Lew mentioned in the speakers’ notes, today, we have already 7 locations in Japan, 3 full price locations and 4 factory locations. We're planning to open 15 doors in FY '12, the vast majority of which will be men's freestanding locations. Increasingly, we're also experimenting with bringing men's into current women's doors where it makes sense from a distribution perspective. This is slightly more difficult in Japan, given that most of our locations are in department stores, where often we're on the women's handbag floor. In China, the opportunity is truly boundless, as we like to say. We have, today, 53 locations in the Mainland combined with 13 in Hong Kong and Macau, as you know. Of those 53 locations in the Mainland, already 23 of those are those dual gender locations that Mike referred to earlier. And of the 30 locations that we’ve plan to open in FY '12, approximately 27 of those will also be dual gender locations, so it is very much at the center of our strategy. We have the opportunity to go boldly there, given that, of course, we are building distribution from scratch. Across other Asian markets, we are looking at both strategies as we are in Japan and here in the U.S. where we have the opportunity to start with new doors and it works, we're going in with the dual gender location, and where not, we're going in with the men's standalone locations.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: I wanted to -- a couple of things, how much production are you planning to shift out of China in this upcoming year? And if you think about the outlook [ph] business and the returns, what was the penetration of the main 4 products this quarter versus last year, and how you see those margins?
Lew Frankfort: The first question, in terms of -- over 85% of our production will be coming out of China this year. And if I understood your question correctly, Mike, in terms of made for factory?
Michael Devine: About 85%. [indiscernible] was where we've been.
Lew Frankfort: And to close out on that, yes, Dana, that does carry a slightly higher margin than the full price transfers into the channel.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Great, and any thoughts on any remodels for the full line stores for this year with CapEx dollars?
Michael Tucci: We are -- there are a couple of things happening. One is we're actually in the process of taking a look at the entire fleet on a full price side and, in particular, looking at potential locations where we either have lease opportunity or space opportunity to better position men's and renovate the stores at the same time. And an example I would give you, a couple of examples locally, one would be we're about to reopen our store at 342 Madison where we were able to reformat the space and add a men's point of view and shop in that space. We did a very significant project at 595 Madison. So we have at least allocated slightly more capital to the idea of renovation and remodels within North America, particularly around taking advantage of the men's opportunity.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you all for joining us on our conference call today. That will be our last question. I'd like to turn it back now to Lew for a few closing words. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: I think our results and our comments speak for themselves. We're off to a great start in fiscal '12, and we believe we have the strategies in place to continue to grow at double digits with the bottom line growing faster than the top line. And as I've said many times before, stay tuned. Thank you, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, and this does conclude the Coach Earnings Conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-04-26 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Victor Luis - President of Coach Retail International Andrea Resnick - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Lew Frankfort - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael Devine - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Rick Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. David Schick Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO; and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Victor Luis, President, International Retail, will report on our Asia direct opportunity.  Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth.  Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our third fiscal quarter 2011 results and will also discuss our strategies going forward. Victor Luis will speak to our Asian direct businesses, providing an update on China and other markets in the region. Mike Devine will continue with details on financial and operational results of the quarter. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session where we will be joined by Mike Tucci, President, North American Retail. We'll end the Q&A shortly before 9:30 a.m. Luke will then conclude with some brief summary comments.  I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our release this morning, we were very pleased with our quarterly results, including store sales and earnings growth and the continuation of excellent comparable store sales in our North American Retail businesses.  Our performance clearly demonstrates the brands of vitality across channels, geographies and bodes well for the future. Further, the ability to generate these results in light of the tragic events and their aftermath in Japan speaks to the diversification of our business model and the strength of our brand proposition globally. Beyond the top line, we are also very pleased with our high levels of profitability and substantial cash generation. In addition, we make continued progress against our global business initiatives, including international expansion, men's and digital media. We experienced strong response to our new collection, and our pricing and assortment strategy continued to resonate with consumers worldwide. We're well situated to build upon our leadership position and continue to gain market share. Further, the announcement today of the increased dividend reflects our financial strength and our confidence in Coach's future. Before I review the quarter and provide an outlook for the category and our business, I would be remiss not to touch on the tragedy in Japan. Of course, we have been saddened by the devastation in Japan, but we're relieved to learn within days of the earthquake and tsunami that all Coach colleagues was accounted for and safe.  When I visited Japan early April, I was impressed by the resiliency of the people and the progress made in restoring more normal conditions. And I was moved by the incredible spirit and tenacity of our own Coach Japan colleagues, who rallied together during a very difficult time. Moving on to some key highlights of our third fiscal quarter. First, earnings per share rose 23% to $0.62 compared with $0.50 in the prior year. Second, quarterly net sales totaled $951 million versus $831 million a year ago, an increase of 14%. Third, Direct-to-Consumer sales rose 15% to $832 million from $726 million in the prior year. Fourth, North American same-store sales for the quarter are robust, rising 10% from prior year, while total North American Direct-to-Consumer sales rose 16%. And fifth, sales in Japan were down 9% to prior year in constant currency and rose 1% in dollars. And finally, we continued to generate very strong sales growth and significant double-digit comps in China. During the quarter, and as part of our regular real estate review, we closed 3 North American Retail stores, while we opened 5 factory stores. Thus, at the end of the period, there were 344 full price and 134 factory stores in operation in North America. Moving to Japan. 4 locations were opened and 1 was closed. At quarter end, there were 174 total locations in Japan with 19 full price stores, including 8 flagships, 119 shop-in-shops, 29 factory stores and 7 distributor-operated travel retail locations. As noted in our release, 7 stores in the Sendai area remained closed due to damage at quarter end, with 3 reopened this month. And in China, we added 4 new locations all in the mainland and closed 1 store in Hong Kong.  At the end of the quarter, there were 55 Coach locations in China, including 9 in Hong Kong, 2 in Macau and 44 locations on the mainland in 18 cities. As we've discussed previously, there are nearly 120 cities in China with a population of 1 million or more, and we are building a multichannel distribution model with a focus on the mainland to leverage this opportunity. Indirect sales increased 14% to $119 million from $105 million in the same period last year. This gain reflected significant growth in shipments and to international wholesale in U.S. department stores given positive POS sales trends in both businesses. Specifically, sales for the quarter at retail in international wholesale locations was strong, driven by new distribution, while sales at POS and U.S. department stores rose 4% for the quarter. We estimate that the addressable U.S. handbag and accessory category rose at a 5% to 10% rate in the third quarter, similar to the increase it experienced in calendar year 2010. At the same time, Coach's bag and accessories sales rose about 13% across all channels in North America during the most recent quarter. In our Direct businesses in North America, handbag and accessory sales rose 17%. We continue to estimate that the category will increase to $9 billion this year, surpassing its previous peak achieved 3 years ago. Separately, it's worth noting, our customers' outlook for the economy has been stable over the last few quarters, with a third of those surveyed still believing that the U.S. economy is improving. Their intention to purchase Coach remains high with over 2/3 of consumers surveyed noting they probably or definitely would purchase a Coach product in the next 12 months.  Our total revenues in North America rose 16%, with our directly operated businesses up similarly, driven by 10.3% in same-store sales increases and new distribution. Fueling these overall store and comp results were similarly strong gains in both channels with significant gains in conversion from prior year and a modest growth in average transaction size, partially offset by a decline in traffic due to the calendar shift. We were particularly pleased with the improvement in conversion rates since it's a driver that we have the most control over in product and service. We have also been delighted by our traction on the Web notably the North American coach.com business. While we view this channel primarily as a marketing vehicle, traffic and sales at our site continue to grow at a double-digit pace during the third quarter, driven by our base business, as well as our efforts in social media where we now have over 1.8 million Facebook fans.  Additionally, next month, we're looking forward to the launch of mobile commerce in North America, another digital platform for customers to engage with our brand. As noted in Japan, we posted a 1% increase in dollar, a decline of 9% in constant currency. It's worth noting that prior to the events of March 11, we were on track to deliver another quarter of slight growth in yen terms. Our market share further expanded against continued contraction in the category.  Once again, I want to call out China, our fastest-growing business. During the quarter, our sales continued to rise rapidly from prior year, fueled by distribution growth and significant double-digit comps. Clearly, the Coach proposition is resonating with this consumer who is participating in this category, increasing numbers. Victor will talk more about our opportunity in China shortly. Across all Full Price businesses, our robust results reflect the strength of our offering. As always, we maintained a high level of product innovation and distinctive newness. Beginning on December 24, we transitioned to spring with the introduction of the Colette collection offered across multiple fabrications and silhouettes anchored by both our hobo and tote styles. This was followed by the relaunch of Poppy in February and the new Kristin collection in March.  With its distinctive hardware and soft feminine styling, Kristin is an important collection for Coach and has been the feature of our spring ad campaign. This season's product was very well received, and both handbags and women's accessories achieved strong comps in the quarter with handbag penetration in our North American retail stores rising to 60% from 59% last year, driven by unit comp sales increases and a slight increase in average unit retails. Just this month, we introduced the collection of Natalie novelty store totes along with new colors and a Dream C print and Poppy. And last week, we launched Audrey, a modern tote story featuring perforated leather, op art and print concepts. Additionally, our lead collection for Mothers' Day is Madison offered in fresh colors and patterns. For June, we're introducing new leather and pattern colors at Kristin, as well as a strong new op art print. Our Kristin hobo continues to be the key item within the collection. In addition, this July, we will launch a new Chelsea collection and evolve Poppy with updated styles, patterns and prints.  On the factory side, our strong results were fueled by a powerful combination of new product introductions with key styles offered at great prices. Additionally, our inventory investment strategy enabled us to capture sales upside throughout the quarter. Our product assortment was also supported by our in-store and direct marketing campaigns. I also wanted to spend a moment [Audio Gap] Which are located next to or nearby our most productive factory locations, are performing extremely well. We believe the strong consumer response we're experiencing reflects the strength of the Coach brand and the factory consumers' focus on value and function. It confirms our belief that there is a particularly large opportunity for Men's in our factory channel.  In summary, we're excited with the continued progress we've made in improving our overall full price productivity. In addition, we're very pleased with the current sales trends in both our full price and factory channels and are well positioned on Mother's Day and the balance of the spring season.  Our strategies continue to be focused on expansion opportunities both here in North America and increasingly, in international markets. In addition, as always, we are focused on improving performance in existing stores by increasing Coach's share of our consumers accessories wardrobe, while continuing to attract new customers into the franchise. I just discussed our Men's initiative, which we're confident will be a significant contributor to global growth in the seasons and years ahead. Moving on to distribution growth. As mentioned in previous earnings calls, we expect that our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 10% this year, compared to 8% last year. Starting in North America, we will open 3 stores in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011, bringing the total to 8 new North American retail stores for the year. In addition, we will open 9 new factory stores during the balance of the year, primarily on our Men's initiative, bringing the total to 14 dedicated men's factory stores and 8 traditional factory stores for the year. In total, we expect North American square footage growth of about 8% this year. I want to finally touch on Europe, a new region of expansion for Coach. To date, we have opened 7 boutiques and Printemps department stores in France. And through our JV with Hackett, we launched the brand with 4 shop-in-shops in Spain and 1 in Lisbon, with 1 more to go before year-end, all within El Corte Ingles. Last month, we opened our first retail store in the U.K. in the Westfield White City Mall and have been very pleased with its early results.  Beyond the opportunities in the Coach concept and brand, as you know, we launched Reed Krakoff in September and a few boutiques in the U.S. and Japan, as well as through prestigious international specialty retailers, While still very early days, we are pleased that the product is appealing to the targeted pinnacle luxury consumer, and we were very pleased to announce the appointment of Valérie Herman as President and CEO, Reed Krakoff, who joined us just this month from YSL. Earlier this fiscal year, we announced the creation of a new international retail organization with 3 major Asian hubs: Japan, mainland China and other Asian markets. We also announced the addition of 3 senior executives who will enable Coach to capitalize on the significant growth opportunities that exist for the brand in the region. Key to this new organization was the promotion of Victor Luis to the newly created position of President, Coach Retail International, with a responsibility for all of Coach's Directly-owned businesses outside North America.  I will now and the turn the call over to Victor. Victor?
Victor Luis: Thanks, Lew. To put the opportunity in perspective, the premium bag and accessory market in Asia, including Japan, is nearly $12 billion today. And in contrast to the global market, which is about 85% women's and 15% men's, in Asia, Men's represents nearly 1/4 of the spend.  Excluding Japan, the market is growing at a double-digit rate led by mainland China. In addition, Hong Kong, Korea and Southeast Asia are all expected to grow at more than 10% for the next several years, while Taiwan is projected to grow at a slightly slower pace. Overall, the region offers excellent potential where we can leverage our well-honed retail skills and international experience to drive the business, as we have done in Japan and are now doing in China. Coach is already among the top 5 brands in these markets with at least a mid-single digit share, and we have proven strategies in place to increase brand awareness and grow sales. In Japan, the overall consumer market has been challenging for some years, and the category has contracted. Our goal was and continues to be market share gains, and we have done this quite well in our core Women's business. As elsewhere, we're now also focusing on Men's where we've already seen early success.  As Lew noted earlier, we do expect the continued impact from the tragedy over the next few months, primarily a function of reduced traffic as the infrastructure problems in the northern and eastern parts of the country remain, resulting in transportation and power issues.  However, barring further significant aftershocks or worsening of the nuclear crisis, we expect our business to continue to show steady improvement. We expect to open 2 more stores in the fourth quarter for a total of 9 new Coach Japan locations, including 5 Men's stores for the year. In total, we expect the net square footage growth in Japan will increase by about 4% this year, similar to last year. Moving on to China, our largest geographic growth opportunity, where our sales are growing rapidly against a strong market backdrop. We will be adding 11 locations in the fourth quarter, 9 on the mainland and 2 in Hong Kong, taking us to 26 openings for the year and a total of 66 locations. As you know, we doubled sales in FY '10 to over $100 million and are now on track to generate sales of about $185 million this year, up from our estimates of $175 million shared on our last earnings call. We are targeting a 10% market share of what is projected to be over a $5 billion market or about $500 million in sales by FY '14, up from about a 5% share today. Driving this growth, we expect to add about 30 new locations per annum during our planning horizon, focused on the mainland and across a multichannel model, including flagship, stand-alone retail stores, shop-in-shops and department stores and factory stores.  In addition, based on our conversion opportunity against already strong traffic trends as the consumer becomes increasingly qualified to purchase luxury accessories, we expect to continue to achieve double-digit comp rates over this planning horizon.  In fact, our research indicates that the purchasing population is growing at nearly 20% annually, driven by the growth in the target segment, primarily through income gains and the increasing participation rate in the category itself.  We would also note that in China, men participate heavily in the category both for self purchase and for gifting to other men and represent nearly half of the spend and up to 50% or more of our competitive set sales, yielding another opportunity for Coach.  Further, as we grow awareness in China, we benefit globally from the growth in mainland China tourists as they visit and shop in key capitals around the world. In fact, we estimate that sales to mainland Chinese nationals represent as much as 25% of sales globally to our major competitors.  Today, sales to Chinese nationals represents only 5% of Coach's global sales. Therefore, there is tremendous opportunity for us to take a larger share of a growing market where our proposition is clearly resonating and where building our distribution, team and awareness will lead to continued growth. As you may remember, China is the market where Coach enjoys its highest repurchase intent among existing consumers with over 90% of Coach shoppers expressing a positive intent to repurchase. In FY '12, we will make significant investments towards awareness building as we leverage a 70th anniversary campaign as a foundation to build on our positioning as the New York fashion brand grounded in heritage and history. This integrated campaign will have several key elements, including an international brand ambassador, Gwyneth Paltrow, who has proven relevancy in China and other international markets. Beyond our Directly-owned business in China, we have significant wholesale businesses throughout Asia, and Lew referred to the strong sales growth we're experiencing in this channel earlier Some months ago, we announced that we've signed an agreement to take control of our Domestic Retail businesses in Singapore and Malaysia, which, together, generate annual sales at retail of about $50 million. The agreement provides for a phase transition of the current Coach Retail businesses over the next year, beginning this July with Singapore. While the impact of the transition will be small, it is an important step towards controlling our future in Asia.  We are especially excited about a new Singapore flagship on prestigious Orchard Road, which will be a directly-operated store opening in spring 2012. It will immediately raise brand awareness as Singapore is an important tourist gateway in Southeast Asia, serving the Indonesian and Indian shopper, while increasingly attracting mainland Chinese consumers as well. We also have significant and growing distributor-run businesses in Korea, the second largest market for premium leather goods after Japan and the region; and Taiwan. Together, they represent about $200 million at retail for Coach in FY '11, serving both the domestic and travel retail customer through about 80 locations, over 50 in Korea and 30 in Taiwan.  Given our focus in the region during this fiscal year, of the nearly 40 targeted new international wholesale locations, more than 20 will be in Asia.  Separately, it's important to note that our Asia distribution center and Asia shared services center are online, shipping globally and prepared to provide savings, while also serving as a back office backbone for Coach China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia and any future directly operated markets in the region. Simply put, it is ready to be scaled for leverage across the region.  In summary, we are excited about the global opportunity for Coach, especially the emerging market potential given the rapid growth of the category and the foundation which we have begun to build in the key Asia region.  At this time, I will turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further details on our financials. Mike?
Michael Devine: Thank you, Victor. Lew and Victor have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our third quarter results.  As mentioned, our quarterly revenues rose 14% with Direct-to-Consumer, which represents over 3/4 of our business, up 15% and Indirect up 14%. Earnings per share for the quarter increased 23% to $0.62, as compared to $0.50 in the year-ago period, as net income rose to $186 million from $158 million.  As noted in the press release, we estimate that the events in Japan impacted sales by approximately $20 million and earnings per share by about $0.025 during March and the third quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, our operating income totaled $280 million in the third quarter, up 12% from $249 million in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 29.4%, compared to 30% even in the year-ago period. In the third quarter, gross profit rose to $692 million from $616 million a year ago, and gross margin rate remained strong at 72.8%, compared with 74.1% a year ago, reflecting the impact of higher sourcing costs. Moving to expenses. We were pleased that we were able to gain 70 basis points of leverage in the quarter. Specifically, SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales, also on a non-GAAP basis, improved from prior year levels in the third quarter and represented 43.4% of sales versus 44.1%.  Once again, our primary Direct businesses here in North America and in Japan provided leverage to the corporate P&L, more than offsetting the impact of our investment spending. We believe we're striking the right balance between driving future growth opportunities and operating efficiencies. As noted in our press release, we recorded certain one-time items during the third quarter, which resulted in a substantially lower tax rate of 26.5%. These included a favorable settlement of a multiyear tax return examination, which decreased Coach's provision for taxes by $16 million.  In addition, the company made a $21 million contribution to the Coach Foundation and also contributed JPY 400 million or just under $5 million to the Japanese Red Cross. Together, these contributions totaled nearly $26 million pretax, impacting GAAP SG&A expenses by that amount and precisely offsetting the benefit of the tax settlement to net income and EPS. Moving on to the balance sheet. Inventories at quarter end were $391 million, up 28% from the end of last year's Q3, but up 9% on a two-year basis. Our current inventory support the strong underlying business trends and will allow us to maximize sales this spring. Generally, it's worth reminding everyone that we've been rightsizing our inventory this year, bringing it up to more appropriate levels to support our growth. Including new initiatives such as Men's, global square footage expansion, Reed Krakoff and our new distribution center in Asia.  Cash and short-term investments totaled $886 million, as compared with $908 million a year ago despite repurchases of nearly $1.2 billion worth of Coach common stock in the interim 12 months. During the third quarter, we repurchased and retired 3.5 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $54.51 per share, spending a total of $192 million. At the end of the period, approximately $1.3 billion remained under our repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the third quarter was $227 million, compared to $205 million last year during Q3. Free cash flow in the third quarter was an inflow of $186 million versus $190 million in the same period last year due to higher net income, offset by working capital and fixed-asset expenditures.  Our CapEx spending was $42 million versus $15 million in the same quarter a year ago. As we stated on our last 3 earnings call, based on our plans for the year, we expect that CapEx would be about $150 million, primarily for the opening of new stores across all geographies.  Naturally, we were very pleased to report these strong financial results. And as Lew has said, we're well positioned for the remainder of the fiscal year. While we do not give specific guidance, as you know, I always think it's helpful for you modelers out there to keep a few things in mind when forecasting the finish of our year. First and most generally, we continue to target double-digit sales increases globally with double-digit earnings growth. And given the ongoing strength in our business, we now believe that we'll achieve high-single digit same-store sales growth in North America for the fourth quarter, even in the face of more difficult compares. Additionally, we expect the continuation of our positive POS trends in our Indirect businesses.  As noted in our release, given current conditions and projections for Japan, we expect a similar impact in the full fourth quarter of about $20 million or 2% to total Coach sales and about $0.02 to $0.03 to earnings per share. However, as discussed on prior calls, our fourth quarter comparisons will be impacted by the timing of shipments in our Indirect businesses and the extra week in the prior year's fourth quarter. As you may recall, this extra week contributed $70 million of sales and $0.08 of EPS to last year's Q4. Second, we were excited that our top line sales growth drove higher levels of profitability in the first 9 months of the year. While our previous comments regarding gross margins still stand, our sales growth, coupled with controlled spending, will help offset both cost and channel mix pressures.  Therefore, we're reiterating our previous guidance of a full year FY '11 operating margin at about last year's levels of about 31.5% on a 52-week basis, despite the quake-related shortfall in our very profitable Japan business.  Third, our non-GAAP tax rate is likely to stay in the area achieved in the first 9 months for the balance of the year, as we further refine our international tax strategies. And fourth, I did want to update our share count guidance. We now believe that our fourth quarter average will be similar to 3Q at about $302 million on a fully diluted basis. Before we open it up for Q&A, I want to echo Lew's earliest words. This was another excellent quarter for Coach. Clearly, our results bode well for the future, and we're confident that we'll continue to deliver very strong sales and earnings gains for the foreseeable future.  Thank you all for joining us on our conference call today. And now Lew, Victor, Mike Tucci, Andrea and I will take some questions, which will then be followed by a brief comment from Lew, who is, I'm sure you can tell, is suffering from a touch of laryngitis but is hanging in boldly. So now we'll open the floor up to questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bob Drbul with Barclays Capital.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: I guess I'd like to ask the team a question about China, really [indiscernible] spent a lot of time on it. Can you size the opportunity longer term? Do you think it can be bigger than your North American business? And can you address any goals or your thinking around the profitability of that region in a near term, but even longer term?
Lew Frankfort: Why don't I begin, and then turn it over to Victor. First Bob, the opportunity in China is boundless. It's still early days. Our market share is only in the area of 5%. Our category is growing rapidly. We like to set our reasonable milestones. So our first challenge is for China to surpass Japan, which today is at over USD $700 million, and China this year, as we reported, will do about $185 million. On an effort to actually eclipse the U.S., we will need to become the # 1 brand in China at a time when the China accessories market is large enough to support our such sales. Is it something that might occur? Perhaps, but we in the end have a long way to go. Victor?
Victor Luis: Sure. I would add that today, we're looking at a market in China that's approximately $3.2 billion, including travel retail, which we expect to grow to approximately $7 billion by FY '15. So already larger than Japan, which today is approximately $4 billion and where, as Lew mentioned, we today are over $700 million in sales. So we do see tremendous growth in a market where, as Lew mentioned in his remarks, we have at least 120 cities with a population of 1 million or more and truly tremendous opportunity in terms of distribution as well. China is developing as a wonderful market for multichannel distribution, both in department stores where we have tremendous opportunity. There are today approximately 600 department stores in China, of which approximately 100 of them already have luxury cosmetics, with sales approaching the top 100 department stores in Japan as another great measure, as well as the rapidly-developing shopping mall and slowly but surely developing factory outlet mall channel, which will be another terrific opportunity for us. So we're truly excited, and I would echo Lew's comments that we do feel the opportunity to truly be boundless. I'll turn it over to Mike for some comments on profitability.
Michael Devine: Yes, Bob, as you've heard us say many times on these calls and in other forums, we're very excited about the level of profitability we feel the China business can achieve for a couple of fundamental reasons. Firstly, we do sell through at a premium to North America pricing in the region, not premiums as rich as Japan's but in the neighborhood. And so our gross margin rates in China are quite robust rivaling even that of the Japan business. In terms of store four-walls, we are already seeing four-walls nicely into the 40% range and so that's driven of course by that gross margin rate. But also as you might suspect, our store wages are lower in China than they are anywhere else in the world, contributing to a healthy four-wall. And as we gain in productivity and the brand gains awareness with landlords, we'll see our occupancy rate. The other big expense items on the store P&L begin to decline as a percentage of sales further enhancing store four-walls. Victor mentioned in his prepared remarks our approach to the region with a Asia distribution center and an Asia shared service center. So we're keyed to drive an efficient back office infrastructure to support both the China business and Pan-Asian approach. So all of those things taken together a lot of words will drive very, very healthy rates of profit and volume of profits from the region as we move into '12 and beyond.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Mike.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: And Mike, I just have one quick follow up. On the $0.025 hit from Japan this quarter, can you give us an estimate on how detrimental Japan was to the gross margin that you reported this morning?
Michael Devine: Yes, it could be helpful, Bob. Clearly, with Japan being one of our highest gross margin regions, losing that $20 million was hurtful of the gross margin rate but relatively immaterial. We certainly would've recorded a modestly higher gross margin rate, but it is a small percentage of the total company's business, and we were able to absorb it. I would add, though, I have to take this opportunity, that had we had that $20 million of sales and about $0.025 of earnings, we would have actually seen operating margin that leverage. We were -- did come up just short of Q3's op income level. Had we had the $20 million of that very profitable Japanese business, we would've seen operating margin improvement, which I have to say coming into the quarter, I do not think was going to be possible. So the business operated very efficiently across all geographies and mature businesses during the quarter. Similarly, I would just say for the fourth quarter, same dynamic. In our own projections that we've just kind of shared with you, we will see some very modest operating margin deleverage for the quarter. We would have gotten operating margin leverage had we not had the quake impact. Of course these are all forward-looking statements now to talk about fourth quarter. But I do think it demonstrates the diversity of our business model globally that we're able to absorb this profitable loss and still project that we can hit 31.5% op income for the year, kind of what we've been pointing to for a number of quarters now. So in a way I'm thinking about that as an increasing guidance, if you will, adjusted for the quake impact.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Congratulations on a nice quarter.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Kimberly.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: I'm wondering if you can talk about your outlook for sourcing cost inflation and the pricing strategies as you look into the back half of calendar 2011. And Mike, if you could just remind us about your gross margin outlook here for the remainder of the calendar year, that would be helpful.Thanks.
Michael Devine: Sure. Kimberly, we're essentially in the same place on gross margin as we have been in terms of our guidance for the balance of FY '11. You'll recall that we were one of the first companies to talk about inflationary pressures well over a year ago, and that's holding. That being said, there are a number of positive things going on within gross margin to help offset these pressures. And we're guardedly optimistic that we'll see some modest sequential improvement actually in the first half of our FY '12, the back half of this calendar year versus the second half of our FY '11. It's because of counter-sourcing efforts, material inflation will not hit us as hard as others. The other thing that will be helpful is we'll also begin to anniversary those higher input costs from early last year's fiscal '11. Wage inflation is our biggest issue and we're battling that by moving products into lower-cost countries. We're ahead of schedule on this initiative, but it is still very early days there. And so while we are protecting our opening price points, we are also surgically taking advantage of pricing power, and we're doing this in both channels, both in our full price and our factory channel. The other thing we'll start to see which will be very helpful, is channel mix will actually begin to help us, we believe, as we move into FY '12, which will be a nice thing as growth in the Asian region that Victor spoke to helps channel mix there. And also just the underlying trends in our Full Price business in our mature markets of North America and Japan will also help channel mix. So we still are feeling good about our previous guidance gross margin in the boundary of 72% to 73%, going forward. We feel it very achievable.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, Mike. Is it helpful at all that global automobile production is expected to fall short, this year, of the prior expectation? I think that the auto industry is one of the largest consumers of leather.
Lew Frankfort: It's a very good point, Kimberly. It's a supply and demand equation of course, as you would imagine. And so if demand is down, that will certainly help buyers of leather. Our team has done an amazing job counter-sourcing, and leather is not a big driver of our inflationary cost pressure, especially year-over-year. So the issue you bring up will be helpful to us but somewhat immaterial to the total reported gross margin with all the other factors that impact it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray.
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies: Let me also add my congratulations on a great quarter. Victor, thanks for joining the call. And I'm just wondering if you can walk us through a little bit more on some of the evolution of this company as you go from just being primarily 2 geographies to multi-geography? Clearly, you spoke to the back office aspect as in the shared services but could you give us a sense again and just let us know how you guys are designing for the different geographies and buying from designs? Are you doing a good global design and then having regional people purchase towards the preferences of each individual consumer? Just help us understand that a little bit more as the company continues to clearly grow globally.
Victor Luis: Sure, as you all know of course, we have 1 design team, which is based here in New York, and that design team does design globally. In each of our geographies, we have in-market merchants who, constantly, with the support of our consumer insights team, are looking to understand the consumer and provide the design team with some logic to add to the magic that they of course do in designing the product. We have a very strong merchant team in Japan. We have today a merchant team in Shanghai, as well as Hong Kong, that is developing. And those teams provide the inputs into New York and then we'll buy from a global assortment, which occasionally, of course, is tweaked to meet local needs. On the whole, though, I would say that our assortments are rather global. In Japan, China, collections such as Madison, Poppy and Kristin, which are today the main drivers in the North American business, are also main drivers for us in the region. There may be some functional areas that we have to tweak, whether it be in smaller goods or in handbags. As an example, for example, in handbags across Asia, across body bags, given the amount of commuting that takes place, do tend to have a higher penetration than say here in North America. That is something that we simply input into our buys locally. And I think one of the most important differences, as I've mentioned in my remarks, is the Men's opportunity. In Japan, the Men's market of that $4 billion size today, represents approximately 20%. In mainland China, it can represent 50% to more for most of our competitor brands, and it's approaching about 50% of the market, again. In Hong Kong, Macau and the rest of the region, and we're looking at 25% to 30% as well. And so our, in-market merchant teams are working very, very closely with our central merchandising teams and our design team to ensure that those very specific needs of that specific Asian male consumer are met. And so it's a highly collaborative effort with a tremendous amount of consumer insights, as well as, of course, the design talent, which is very much focused on presenting 1 New York Coach aesthetic to the world based here in New York.
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies: That's really helpful, Victor, thanks. And good luck and feel better, Lew
Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rick Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch: Rick Patel in for Lorraine. Can you just update us on your mix of handbags priced below $300? Do you feel this mix is appropriate today, given what you're seeing in the marketplace? And how should we expect that to change over time?
Victor Luis: Sure. We have -- we've been very dedicated to this overarching $300 price positioning. Our handbag under $300 penetration and offer is right at about 50%. We see that as being a really important level for us, and we also see some trend growth happening in leather, which is impacting price point, gives us an opportunity to nuance some of our pricing in a positive way. There's some margin opportunity there. And we had very, very nice growth incidentally in handbags over $400. With that penetration, it went to about 18% versus 10% in the prior year. That's a big deal and driven very much by this leather trend that we're seeing. I think just to add a sense or two on factory, very similar trends there, strong leather trends. And we had a very nice AUR increase in handbag in the Factory business, while maintaining what we think is the competitive positioning in that channel.
Rick Patel - BofA Merrill Lynch: That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine Chen, Needham & Company.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Thank you and congratulations on a good quarter.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Christine.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: I wanted to ask about your Factory business. Your factory channel seems to be really clean of full price inventory. Wondering what the percentage of factory, specific factory exclusive it was in the quarter versus last year? And then wondering about footwear, what is it as a percentage of your total? And is it driving the increases at the department store level? Or is it pretty equal between bags and footwear there?
Victor Luis: Christine, I think you're breaking up a little bit, but the essence of your question was around mix of product in Factory.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Yes.
Michael Devine: Where we saw again a very, very strong contribution from factory exclusives, terrific response to newness there. The level there was 86%, and that's been a running average for us, in about that zone. Again, a forward [indiscernible] pricing and margin flexibility there, and we see that continuing. Our Footwear business is very good, stable. We don't have a significant Footwear business in our factory channel but on the Full Price side, our Footwear business continues to be positive.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: What about at the department store level?
Michael Devine: On the department store side, our Footwear business has also been healthy. We haven't seen account growth there, but we're very much focused on what we see as an assortment productivity opportunity in the wholesale channel, and that has been very successful for it this spring.
Lew Frankfort: We enjoyed that 5% market share in that channel.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: And have you been able to pull back on some of the promotions at Factory? [Technical Difficulty]
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: I'm sorry, I said were you less promotional at the factory channel?
Michael Devine: In fact, our margins in Factory were slightly better, and our promotional levels were pretty much even with the year prior.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Great. Thank you, and good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Schick, Stifel Nicolaus.
David Schick: When we hear about 40%-plus I think you said four-wall contribution in China and that's the fastest-growing business you have, and it feels like Men's is partially what Coach is doing around Men's but also maybe a growing global marketplace for Men's or demand for Men's. And we look back at what you've done margin-wise. How should see operating margin-wise? What should we think about ,for operating margin 5 or 7 -- not in the immediate planning future but 5 or 7 years out, should it be higher than what you've achieved in the past? Given those new businesses growing at higher margins?
Lew Frankfort: It's a provocative question, David. There are so many factors that go into determining operating margins including, of course, our raw material cost. Our general view is that operating margins should continue at the 30%-plus level and could very well approach the mid-30s over the next few years.
David Schick: You've done better than that. Beyond that given the growth [indiscernible]
Lew Frankfort: Think boldly, David.
David Schick: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Paul Lejuez with Nomura.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Thanks, guys. Just wondering as you think about the European expansion how much of your store growth will be centered on tourist-type destinations versus stores that are more likely to attract a more local customer? Thanks.
Lew Frankfort: Good question. And initially, a good portion of our business will be focused on tourists because we're opening major locations in major cities where tourist accounts for a majority of business within those markets. As we develop awareness and interest on the brand among locals and expand our fleet to the secondary cities as well as the suburbs, we will see that mix change.
Paul Lejuez - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Thanks, and good luck.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you for your attention, and now I'll turn it back to Lew for a few closing words. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: Just a few. I wasn't sure whether my voice was going to last through the call. Of course, we posted an excellent quarter. As you well know, I think all of you are familiar with our track record. We feel very good about where we're positioned for the rest of the spring season and for the fall and do look forward to double-digit top line and bottom line growth and would like you along for the journey. Have a good day.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you everyone for your attention. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude the Coach earnings conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-01-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Tucci - President of Retail Division - North America Andrea Resnick - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Lew Frankfort - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael Devine - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co Omar Saad - Crédit Suisse AG Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC Lorraine Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you Shirley. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO; and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Mike Tucci, President of North American Retail is also joining us to discuss our holiday performance and spring initiative.  Before we begin, we'd now point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal year. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations and based upon a variety of risks and uncertainties, such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also please note that the historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth.  Now let me outline that the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2011 results. He will also discuss strategies going forward. Mike Tucci will review the holiday season from the U.S. retail perspective and discuss key initiatives for the spring season ahead. Mike Devine will continue with details on financial and operational results of the quarter. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session that will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. We will then conclude with some brief summary comments.  I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our release this morning, we were very pleased with our holiday results, including strong sales and earnings growth and exceptional comparable store sales in our North American Retail businesses. Our performance clearly demonstrates the brands of vibrancy across channels and geographies and bodes well for future growth. Beyond the top line, we were also very pleased with our high levels of profitability and substantial cash generation.  In addition, we made continued progress against our global business initiatives, including international expansion, Men's, and digital media. We experienced strong response to our new collections, and our pricing and assortment strategy continued to resonate with consumers worldwide. We're well situated to build upon our leadership position and continue to gain market share. Further, the announcement today of the authorization of a new buyback program reflects our financial strength and our confidence in Coach's future. While I will get into more detail about the outlook for the category and our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some key highlights of our second fiscal quarter were: First, earnings per share rose 33% to $1 compared with $0.75 in the prior year; second, quarterly net sales totaled $1.26 billion versus $1.1 billion a year ago, an increase of 19%; third, Direct-to-Consumer sales rose 17% to $1.1 billion from $934 million in the prior year on a comparable basis; fourth, North American same-store sales for the quarter accelerated, writing 12.6% from prior year, while total North American Direct-to-Consumer sales rose 17%; and fifth, sales in Japan were even to prior year in constant currency and rose 8% in dollars; and finally, we continue to generate very strong sales growth and significant double digit comps in China. During the quarter, we opened two North American retail stores both in Canada, as well as one factory store. Thus, at the end of the period, there were 347 Full Price and 129 factory stores in operation in North America.  Moving to Japan, one Coach shop-in-shop was opened in addition to a travel retail location. At quarter end, they were 171 total locations in Japan with 20 Full Price stores, including eight flagships, 117 shop-in-shops, 27 factory stores and seven distributor-operated travel retail locations. And in China, we added three new locations all in the mainland. At the end of the quarter, they were 52 Coach locations in China, including 10 in Hong Kong, two in Macau and 40 locations on the mainland in 16 cities. As we've discussed previously, we are building a multichannel distribution model in China, including flagships, retail stores, shop-in-shops and factory stores.  Indirect sales increased 28% to $168 million from $131 million in the same period last year. This gain reflected significant growth in shipments into international wholesale and U.S. department stores given positive POS sales trends notably in the international business. Specifically, sales for the quarter at retail and international wholesale locations were very strong driven by double-digit gains in same-store sales and new distribution, while sales at POS and U.S. department stores rose 3% for the quarter. We estimate that the addressable U.S. Handbag and Accessory category rose at a 5% to 10% rate in the holiday quarter, similar to the increase it experienced in the preceding nine months of the calendar year. At the same time, Coach's bag and accessory sales rose about 14% across all channels in North America during the most recent quarter. In our Direct businesses in North America, Handbag and Accessory sales rose 18%. Importantly, it now appears that the category will increase to $9 billion in FY '11, surpassing its previous peak achieved three years ago.  Separately, it's worth noting that we've seen continued modest improvement in our customer's outlook for the economy with over a third of those surveyed now believing that the U.S. economy is improving, the best reading in over three years. Her intention to purchase Coach over the next year is significantly higher than where it was a year ago, with over 2/3 of consumers surveyed noting they probably or definitely would purchase a Coach product in the next 12 months. Our total revenues in North America rose 17% with our directly operated businesses up similarly, driven by 12.6% in same-store sales increases and new distribution. Fueling these overall strong comp results were significant gains in conversion from prior year and modest traffic growth, partially offset by a slight decline in average transaction size. We were particularly pleased with the improvement at conversion since it's a driver that we have the most control over through product and service. Mike Tucci will discuss our performance in more detail in just a moment.  In Full Price stores, conversion was the primary contributor to our comp growth, while average transaction size was also modestly higher compared to prior year. Traffic trends was slightly lower year-over-year. In factory, where our business remained remarkably strong, we saw increases in traffic and conversion, while transaction size declined modestly. Our factory store growth continued to be driven by increased spending of factory channel, loyal Coach shoppers and by new consumers entering the franchise.  As noted, in Japan, we posted an 8% increase in dollars on a flat performance in constant currency. Our market share further expanded against continued contraction in the category. Our growth in share reflects the relevance of our accessible luxury positioning with the Japanese consumer who is becoming more value-oriented. Once again, I want to call out China, our fastest-growing business. During the quarter, our sales continued to rise sharply from prior year fueled by distribution growth and significant double-digit comps. Clearly, the Coach proposition is resonating with this consumer who is participating in this category and increasing numbers. While Mike Devine will get into more detail on our financials and I will discuss our outlook in some detail, I wanted to give you this recap.  Now I will turn it over to Mike Tucci to discuss our North American Retail businesses. Mike?
Michael Tucci: Thanks, Lew, and good morning. Today, I'd like to review what was an exceptional holiday season touching on the three important productivity drivers within our North American business: product performance, digital strategy and coach.com results and progress on our new Men's initiative.  During the holiday quarter, as always, we maintained a high level of product innovation and distinctive newness, ensuring that we had a steady flow of new product throughout the period. A key to this effort was that we are somewhat less front-end loaded than in previous holiday seasons. In October, we relaunched the Madison collection featuring the new Sophia satchel in core leather, gathered leather and novelty applications, along with the fresh dotted op art logo. The reception was excellent and Madison was our top collection for the quarter. We also benefited from a first-time inclusion on Oprah's favorite things for holiday featuring our large patent Sophia in crimson and camel on network TV. During the quarter, we also updated Poppy and added new colors in our Madison and Kristin collections. In mid-December, we introduced the Alexandra tote group to capture peak sales with new products just before holiday.  Additionally, we generated excellent sales increases in women's accessories in the quarter, notably in money pieces and small bags. Our holiday product was supported with a comprehensive marketing plan, which highlighted a powerful gifting message for the shopping season. The emphasis of our marketing was item-driven across handbags, women's accessories and other gift ideas. Our campaign span coach.com, digital media and compelling print and in-store marketing to drive traffic into stores and on the Internet.  Most generally, the merchandising and pricing strategies we initiated last year to create a more balanced and productive handbag assortment have become proven sustainable growth drivers in North America. Both handbags and women's accessories achieved positive comps in the quarter with handbag penetration holding at over 53% of sales with a high single-digit increase and average unit retails. This pricing power was driven by mix as leather and novelty continued to trend very well.  Looking forward, we're excited about our spring product initiatives as well. We've been pleased with our performance of our newest collection, Colette, which launched on 12/24 featuring new tote, hobo and carryall silhouettes. And for spring, our major product launch is the new Kristin collection, which will be introduced on February 18. Kristin is the strong assortment of beautiful hobos, totes and satchels offered in a range of leathers and novelty fabrications such as embossed python, linen signature and op art, appealing to a broad range of consumers. This relaunch will be supported by a comprehensive broad-based marketing campaign, including window vinyls, special shopping bag and a focused online and print media campaign. On the factory side, our strong results were fueled by a powerful combination of new product introductions with key styles offered at great prices. Our inventory investment strategy enabled us to capture sales upside throughout the season. Our product assortment was also supported by our in-store and direct marketing campaigns. Importantly, while we're bold in our pricing strategies, the gains in our Factory business drove improved operating margins. As we enter the spring season, we continue to see opportunity to leverage our factory model and increase productivity within this business.  A second important growth area in the quarter was digital. As we discussed last quarter, coach.com is a key marketing tool and it's becoming a very important revenue opportunity as well. We noted that our primary objective online in North America is to build top-of-mind brand awareness and drive store traffic while also maximizing e-commerce opportunities. In our second quarter, we saw the digital initiatives we've put into place for holiday such as the virtual gift guide and e-gift card pay off in the exceptional performance of our online business. In fact, coach.com is now our fastest growing Full Price channel in North America where both traffic and sales continue to grow at a double-digit pace during the holiday quarter.  Of course, our web presence is now global with informational sites in 16 countries, three of which U.S., Canada and Japan are e-commerce platforms. More generally, we will continue to use our digital capability as an enabler and customer touch point as we expand the Coach brand globally. Moving back to our stores, as Lew mentioned, we opened two new retail stores in Q2, Pickering in Ontario and Victoria, British Columbia, taking our first half openings to five, all of which are performing very well and ahead of plan. We also opened one new factory store, taking the first half total to eight, including our first five Men's stand-alone factory stores, which opened in Q1. These stores also opened strongly and are running above our pro formas.  In Full Price, based on the initial success of our first Men's stand-alone store in Bleecker Street and our Men's sales growth in core Coach stores, we'll be opening two additional Men's retail stores later this fiscal year, including the one at Garden State Plaza in New Jersey and one in Copley Plaza in Boston. This month, we dedicated more space and introduced a broader Men's product assortment to seven additional stores bringing our total Men's concept store count to 37 in North America, including eight flagships such as 595 Madison Avenue in New York. On the factory side, our Men's stores, which are located next to or nearby our most productive factory locations, are performing extremely well. We believe the strong consumer response we experienced reflect the strength of the Coach brand and the factory consumers focus on value and function. It confirms our belief that there is a particularly large opportunity for Men's in our factory channel. During the remainder of that FY '11, we're planning to open at least five more Men's factory locations. In summary, we're excited with the continued progress we've made in improving our Full Price productivity and our Men's initiative. We're feeling great about the spring season given the current sales trends in both old Full Price and factory channels.  With that, I'll turn it back to Lew for a discussion of our strategies and opportunities for growth. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Mike. Our strategies continue to be focused on expansion opportunities both here in North America and increasingly, in international markets. In addition, as always, we're focused on improving performance in existing stores by increasing Coach's share of our consumers' accessories wardrobe while continuing to attract new customers into the franchise. Mike just discussed our Men's initiative, which we're confident will be a significant contributor to global growth in the seasons and years ahead, both in North America and in international markets.  Moving on to distribution growth, as mentioned in prior earnings calls, we expected our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 10% this year compared to 8% last year. Starting in North America, we will open about five stores in the back half of fiscal 2011, bringing the total to about 10 new North American retail stores for the year. In addition, we'll open about 12 new factory stores during the balance of the year primarily to support our Men's initiative. In total, we expect North American square footage growth of about 8% this year, similar to last year.  In China, as mentioned, our sales are growing rapidly as the market continues to develop swiftly. Last year, we doubled sales to over $100 million and are on track to generate sales of over $175 million this year. We are also now targeting $500 million in sales during FY '14, a 10% market share compared with 5% today. Driving this growth in addition to same-store sales, we expect to open about 25 new locations this year, increasing square footage by about 65%. Over the next few years, we're targeting to open about 30 new locations per annum. These locations will be primarily focused on the mainland and mirror our multichannel distribution model in North America and Japan.  In Japan, the overall consumer market remains very challenging, and the category continues to contract. Our goal continues to be market share gains, and we have done this quite well in our core Women's business. As elsewhere, we're now also focusing on Men's, where we've already seen early success. This year, we now expect to open about 10 net new Coach Japan locations, including five Men's stores. In total, we expect the net square footage growth in Japan will increase by about 6% this year, similar to last year. Beyond our directly owned businesses in China and Japan, we have a significant international wholesale business, generating over $400 million in sales at retail. Most of these sales come from other markets in Asia where the Coach brand resonates well and includes a sizable travel retail business catering to the growing population of Asian travelers. Given our focus in this area, we're also opening about 25 new distributor-operated locations in the Asian region during this fiscal year. Moving to Europe, it is a new region of expansion for Coach. To date, we've opened six boutiques in Printemps Department stores in France and expect to open one additional location within Printemps during the balance of the fiscal year. And through our joint venture with Hackett, we've launched the brand with four shop-in-shops in Spain and one in Lisbon with one more to go before year end, all within El Corte Inglés.  Last quarter, we also announced plans for our initial stores in London, a stand-alone store in the Westfield White City Mall, which is on plan to open in late February and a 5,100 square foot flagship on New Bond Street, our first global flagship store in the region coming this summer. We've been pleased with our initial results in Europe as our brand gains recognition with the domestic consumer and benefits from our popularity among tourists notably those who are Asian based.  Beyond the opportunities in the Coach concept and brand, as you know, we launched Reed Krakoff in September and a few boutiques in the U.S. and Japan, as well as two prestigious international specialty retailers such as Lane Crawford in Hong Kong and Colette in Paris. While it's still very early days, we are pleased that the product is appealing to the targeted pinnacle luxury consumer.  In summary, we are excited about the global opportunity for Coach especially the emerging market potential given the rapid growth of the category and the foundation, which we have begun to build in the important Asian region.  At this time, I will turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further detail on our financials. Mike?
Michael Devine: Thank you, Lew. Lew and Mike have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our second quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues rose 19% with Direct-to-Consumer, which represents over three quarters of our business, up 17% and Indirect up 28% due to higher shipments into international wholesale accounts and the U.S. department stores.  Earnings per share for the quarter increased 33% to $1 even as compared to $0.75 in the year ago period as net income rose to $303 million from $241 million. Our operating income totaled $453 million in the second quarter, up 19% from $381 million in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 35.9% compared to 35.8% in the year-ago period.  In the second quarter, gross profit rose 19% to $915 million from $771 million a year ago, and gross margin rate remained strong at 72.4% even with the prior year. Gross margin reflected the impact of channel mix and continued high levels of promotional activity in our factory channels, offset by sourcing cost improvements.  Moving to expenses. We were pleased that we were able to gain modest leverage in the holiday quarter, which is our toughest quarter to do so. Specifically, SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales improved from prior year levels in the second quarter and represented 36.5% of sales versus 36.6% last year. Once again, our two primary direct businesses here in North America and in Japan both provided leverage not only to their own P&Ls but to the corporate P&L as well, more than offsetting the impact of our investment spending. We believe we're striking the right balance between driving future growth opportunities and operating efficiently. Inventories at quarter end were $367 million, up 36% from the end of last year's Q2 but down 4% on a two-year basis. Clearly, these inventory levels were key to delivering the exceptional holiday quarter. Our current inventories support the strong underlying business trends and will allow us to maximize sales this spring. Generally, it's worth noting that we've been rightsizing our inventories this year, bringing them up to more appropriate levels to support our growing businesses, including new growth initiatives such as Men's, global expansion and our new distribution center in Asia.  Cash and short-term investments stood at $940 million as compared with $1.1 billion a year ago, despite repurchases of nearly $1.4 billion worth of Coach common stock in the interim 12 months. During the second quarter, we repurchased and retired nearly 7 million shares of our common stock at an average cost of $55.72, spending a total of $388 million. Net cash from operating activities in the second quarter was $408 million compared to $364 million last year during Q2. Free cash flow in the second quarter was an inflow of $382 million versus $347 million in the same period last year, due to higher net income offset by working capital items; our CapEx spending was $26 million versus $17 million in the same quarter a year ago. As we stated on our last two earnings calls, based on our plans for the year, we expect the CapEx will be about $150 million in FY '11, primarily for the opening of new stores across all geographies.  Naturally, we were very pleased to report these strong financial results and as Lew and Mike have said, we're well positioned for the back half of our fiscal year. While we do not give specific guidance, as you know, I always think it's helpful for you modelers out there to keep a few things in mind when looking at the year. First, and most generally, we continue to target double-digit sales increases globally with double-digit earnings growth. And given the ongoing strength in our business, we now believe that we'll achieve high single-digit same-store sales growth in North America for the balance of the fiscal year, even in the face of more difficult spring compares. This is up from last quarter when we projected mid-single-digit growth. Additionally, we expect the continuation of our positive POS trends in our Indirect businesses. However, our second-half comparisons will be impacted by the timing of shipments in those Indirect businesses and the extra week in the prior year's fourth quarter. As you may recall, that extra week contributed $70 million of sales and $0.08 of EPS.  Second, we were excited that our top line sales growth drove higher levels of profitability in the first half, and while our previous comments regarding second-half gross margins still stand, our sales growth, coupled with controlled spending, will help offset both product cost and channel mix pressures. Therefore, we are reiterating our previous guidance of a full year FY '11 operating margin at about last year's level of about 31.5% on a 52-week basis.  Third, our tax rate is likely to stay in the area achieved in the first six months for the balance of the year as we continue to refine our international tax strategies.  Fourth, I wanted to briefly touch on share count. We would expect second-half share count to be similar to where we ended second quarter.  Before we open it up for Q&A, I wanted to echo Lew's earlier words. This was an exceptional quarter for Coach. Clearly, our holiday results bode well for the future, and we're confident that we'll continue to deliver very strong sales and earnings gains over the balance of the fiscal year and beyond.  Thank you all for joining us on our call today, and now Lew, Mike, Andrea, and I would be happy to take questions, which will be followed by brief closing remarks from Lew.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Bob Drbul with Barclays Capital.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: Lew, I guess the first question that I have is can you talk about what contributed to the upside in the comp versus the mid single-digit guidance, and sort of what impact it had through the P&L as you look at it? And the second question I have is for Mike is so where, if you could, put any buckets on the inventory increases with the various initiatives in terms of quantifying any of the specific buckets on each category?
Lew Frankfort: Sure, Bob. I'll actually ask Mike Tucci to answer your first question regarding comps.
Michael Tucci: Sure, good morning, Bob. We had strong performance across-the-board from a comp standpoint. When I look at the business by channel, the Full Price channel performed very well, balanced throughout the quarter, a really strong online quarter, which was very nice for us. We continue to see that channel grow from an interaction standpoint, as well as being able to drive revenue there. So that was very pleasing to us, and that did provide some upside. On the factory side, the quarter was extremely strong. And we felt like from a positioning standpoint, while we were able to drive the value in terms of our proposition, we did see some upside there based on ownership of product, the very strong handbag assortment, which drove sales as we went right into peak through Christmas and the week after. So I would say across-the-board, we had strength. We are pleased with the pricing power in handbags, which drove comp in both Full Price and factory. And we had a very strong accessories quarter and it feels like the cycle, from an accessories standpoint, was a driver of comp within the quarter as well.
Michael Devine: Bob, let me jump in on inventory levels. We've never answered inventory levels with that degree of specificity, but let me just say a couple of things about it. Our inventory investments are nicely aligned with our growth opportunities, and I think so that would spend a number of our initiatives. I would firstly say that our investment in factory inventories allowed us to capture the outperform during the holiday quarter that Mike just spoke to, that we wouldn't have been able to get to this time last year or so that investment was well placed. Also, investment in our Men's initiative is a part of the inventory driver. And then lastly, feeding inventory into the Asia region through the ABC is also a subset of where the inventory growth came from. But the thought I want to leave with in addition to enabling the growth is that our inventories are exceptionally clean and current and really position us well now that maximize sales as we move into the spring quarter, I'm sorry, the spring half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Morgan Stanley.
Kimberly Greenberger - Morgan Stanley: I was hoping you could talk to us about your gross margin outlook. And in particular, in light of sourcing cost inflation, are you considering any very slight increases in pricing? Or are you simply redesigning into the, I guess, higher cost of goods? How are you thinking about gross margin progress throughout the calendar year of 2011 and with sourcing cost inflation coming? How does that impact your thinking?
Lew Frankfort: So I'll take the cost part of the gross margin equation, and then I'll ask Mike to speak to the pricing power. But Kimberly, we really are where we've been for about a year now in terms of talking about our gross margin rates. We did have called out inflationary pressures would have a dampening impact on our gross margin rates in the back half of our FY '11, and so that is still going to hold. The way we wanted to ask everyone to think about it, however, is also the guidance that we've given previously, the gross margin rates coming in for the year in the 72% to 73% range are still valid. That guidance that we give a couple of quarters ago, we still feel very good about. And of course, we could go on and list. In addition to the inflationary pressures, all the positive things that we're doing to move gross margin and help to offset those pressures, things like counter-sourcing materials, looking to migrate a substantial amount of our production into lower-cost countries out of China into countries like Vietnam and India as an example. And ultimately with the top line growth in the Asian region, most notably China. We'll start to get some help from channel mix as well. So there are a number of positives going on in the gross margin line that will help mitigate on the inflationary pressures.
Michael Tucci: On the Retail side and Full Price, there's absolutely a focus on finding pricing opportunity within handbags in particular using Q2 as a foundation where we took handbag average unit retails to $2.95. Again, we're targeting that $300 sweet spot, that was about a 9% improvement. We will continue to focus on that area in the back half, and there are a couple of things going our way. One is a shift towards leather, which helps us from a pricing standpoint on the retail side, so we do see an opportunity to impact average unit retail in the second half, on the Full Price side of the business that will carry through to factory. And I really want to be clear on the factory side. We do have pricing power. We were aggressive in the quarter. However, we were able to protect margins from a gross margin standpoint in factory and we drove tremendous operating margins. That effort positions us very well on the back half to continue to focus on unit retail gains and the factory channel productivity gains in the factory channel and drive operating margin.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Tunick with JPMorgan.
Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I guess one clarification first on this channel mix that impacted the gross margin here. Was it deeper promos at factory or was it selling less made-for-factory products?
Michael Tucci: It was actually neither one. It was not deeper promos or discount rate, and factory was virtually the same. Our margin rate in factory was actually a touch higher. It's purely a function of volume. When we put that volume increase into the quarter, it moves a bigger percentage of our overall pie into the factory channel, which has an impact on gross margin, also has a very positive impact on operating income. Hence, you see the EPS impact that we were able to deliver. So that's the story on channel mix there.
Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then on China, you guys talked about this $500 million goal by FY '14. Can you maybe give us a sense about how you think about profitability expectations in this channel, clearly, I guess higher gross margins. But how would you expect China by '14 to rank in terms of profitability versus your other channels?
Lew Frankfort: Mike D?
Michael Devine: Yes, Brian, I'll jump in on that one. We're very excited about it. We already are achieving four-wall store operating margins in China that begin with the four. And so as we gained same-store sales, those four walls will only drive higher. And as we grow the top line, open additional stores, realize same-store sales year-over-year, will more than cover the infrastructure investment that we have on the ground there today. And so we will have a positive as we talked about, of course, one of our highest gross margin channels that it will also help gross margin from a channel mix perspective, but ultimately be a strong driver of operating income as we grow the top line and leverage the infrastructure there with these exceptionally strong four-wall operating margins from of the China stores.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Omar Saad with Credit Suisse.
Omar Saad - Crédit Suisse AG: I wanted to ask about the SG&A flow-through in the quarter. I know you've got a lot of investments going on. Can you help us understand how you think about managing SG&A, the duration of some of these investments? I know you got a lot of growth, as you've just talked about in China and other markets. How should we be thinking about modeling SG&A on those lines?
Michael Devine: Omar, I'll take that one as well. I was really pleased with that flow-through during Q2 and we really leverage the top line growth. If you go back actually as I did in preparation for this call and looked at the Q1 transcript, I actually called out that I didn't see us having SG&A leverage in the December quarter. And the reason there is, if you look across the four quarters of the year, you'll see that Q2 last year was in the mid-30s where at the balance of the quarter for the year are in the 43%, 44% range in terms of SG&A as a percentage of sales. Point being that we already have so much leverage in this holiday quarter because of the top line growth. So the fact that we outperformed in our North American business, that Japan did as well as it did with a tough market backdrop, really allowed those mature businesses to pull our leverage to the P&L that help us offset our investment spending in Europe, in other parts of Asia, in the new RK brand, et cetera. So I was very pleased that the flow-through was as strong as it was in Q2, and that really bodes well, for the flow-through coming our way in the back half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kristin Chen with Needham.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: I wanted to ask, so your opportunities to increase AUR at the Full Price stores, wondering if you could share with us on the really high-end bags, bags over $400, what was that penetration in the holiday quarter versus last year? And then on another note, as far as factory, what was the percentage of factory-exclusive product in the holiday quarter versus last year? I think last quarter you had mentioned that it had ticked up pretty substantially from the year before.
Michael Tucci: Sure. There is absolute opportunity by price bucket in Full Price. We had a very good quarter. Average with handbag over $400, and that's just the benchmark, penetrations were double-digit, north of 10%, which is very good. We will focus on that opportunity, particularly given the fashion cycle that we're in around manipulated leathers, gathered leathers, treated leathers, some of the burnishing that we're doing on bags. So that offers us a pricing opportunity on the Full Price side as we move forward as we develop our assortments into spring and next fall. On the factory side, our product mix in factory was very much driven by made-for-factory product. Again, I think we were north of 80% in made-for-factory. In fact, it was 89% for the quarter, probably an all-time high, very little clearance, very little Full Price delete activity in the quarter in the factory channel, and that trend will continue. One of the things that we did this quarter, which helped us on the factory side, is that we corrected a flow imbalance that we had last year where we were chasing inventory in factory and doing a lot of pull-forward on spring goods to sell in the holiday quarter. We corrected that this year, and we are able to maximize the quarter with products that was actually planned within the quarter, and that also positions us very well as we entered into January.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: And what were the penetrations last year?
Michael Tucci: About 85%, in fact, made-for-factory.
Unidentified Analyst: And then the $400 bags in Full Price last year?
Michael Tucci: About the same.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson with Bank of America.
Lorraine Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch: I wanted to follow up on the Men's business, both in Full Price and factory. Could you just give us a little bit more details about your plans for size of stores, expected productivity versus Women's and then what your expectations are for margins over the long term for Men's?
Michael Tucci: I'm sorry?
Lew Frankfort: The question focuses on Men's, Mike, what type of size of store we're contemplating, what kind of productivity are we achieving or anticipating relative to our Women's stores.
Michael Tucci: Sure, Okay. The Men's stores actually are being targeted smaller, probably less than 1,000 square feet of selling space, about 1,500 square feet overall. You can assume that productivity on those stores will be extremely high given our sales thresholds, so it's a very intimate environment. On the factory side, store size will be about 2,500 square feet. We're still working the model. We're also trying something or we're exploring something on the Full Price side where we'll have a dual-gender stores side by side with a separate Men's environment and Women's environment, and that may give us some productivity opportunity. So we actually see this from a margin standpoint in terms of store contribution, as well as gross margins, these stores are very attractive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neely Tamminga with Piper Jaffray.
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies: Lew, can you talk a little more about the Chinese consumer as you're learning more and more about this customer in terms of their preferences? Or is there any price resistance, some of the price points that have out there? Just a little bit more on the qualitative side about those consumers will be helpful.
Lew Frankfort: Sure. What we're finding is that she wants to participate in the accessory category as she does in other modern fashion areas. And she's looking for authenticity, quality, value. She's discerning. She's thoughtful. We see her as embracing Coach. The purchase reintent is approaching 90%, which is remarkable, a level we have not seen in any other market, at any other state, at any early stage of our business. And we have the emerging Chinese middle-class consumer growing at a 30% rate. And she sees Coach as an expression of authentic New York fashion. She likes the spirit. She likes our heritage, and she sees us as offering exceptional value, and she's willing to pay two to three weeks of her annual income to purchase a Coach bag.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jennifer Black from Jennifer Black & Associates.
Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates: You've expanded your price points as well as the appeal in your Poppy collection with your most recent floor set. And I wondered if you plan to do the same with your other collections? And I also wondered if you already seen an impact on your blended AURs on Poppy?
Michael Tucci: I think as we get more time with each major collection, we're constantly moving and refining it. What's happening within Poppy, specifically, is that we're trying to capture the opportunity around trend in some novelty applications and leathers and mix materials. And that actually will have a positive impact on pricing within Poppy, which really flows through the balance of our collections as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Laura Champine with Cowen and Company.
Laura Champine - Cowen and Company, LLC: In Japan, even though you mentioned that you're still gaining share, sales weren't quite as strong as what we were looking for. Maybe you could comment on the pace of share gain or more importantly, what your long-term views are of the health of that market and how that'll color your investments there.
Lew Frankfort: Well, first, our business was even with last year, which is running about 10% ahead of the category during the corresponding period. We were very pleased with our results. We were able to maintain very strong profitability in that business. Ramp up, Men's, which offers a future opportunity. And I believe our share today is in the neighborhood of about 17% or 18%. We believe this opportunity starts to gain additional share in the years ahead because the Japanese consumer is extremely value-oriented. In terms of the future of the category, unfortunately, the category has been on a 10-year decline. And while we expect it to slow in the rate of decline, we're not optimistic considering the aging of the Japanese population and the absolute decline in population that the category will resume growth. So our focus is to be efficient, develop our Men's business, leverage our team in Japan to assist us in growing our Southeast Asian region, and we're doing all of those things.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Maschmeyer with Robert W. Baird.
Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I remember when you first started talking about lowering your handbag AUR, you would talk to more of a $200 to $300 sweet spot, and today, I think you mentioned $300, is that a subtle change in your philosophy?
Michael Tucci: No, our $300 target, and again, it's a benchmark. It's really where we built the assortment strategy going back almost two years now. What's happening as we anniversary that strategy and we continue to fine-tune the assortment and the cycles evolves, we will constantly look at ways to impact that from a growth and productivity standpoint, price being one of them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: As you talked about new sourcing opportunities and shifting production out of China into maybe India and Vietnam, what categories are moving? How do you see the percentages shifting on the impact on margin? And then just lastly, department store and wholesale business has done well. Are you gaining further selling space and what's changing there?
Lew Frankfort: I'll take the second part first, Dana. We do have a healthy department store business. We're pleased with its performance and our accounts there as well. We do have a very strong presence today, and situationally, we do gain real estate in some locations, but in general, we're very comfortable with the nature of our distribution and the size of the space we have. And we are looking forward to a good and strong spring season. Mike D, with regard to production?
Michael Devine: Sure, Dana, in terms of moving production out of China, we have a lot of opportunities available to us. We actually have implemented or started, effective January 1, under Jerry Stritzke's leadership enact a four-year plan and measure progress and look to drive that growth by measuring and revisiting it frequently. Our big opportunities, firstly, will be to move factory store production out of China and into these new markets. And we're also going to target small leather goods, which as you can imagine are more labor-intense than bigger bags. And we had a lot of success there in India already, and we'll continue to build on that success. And we believe we can get to somewhere in the neighborhood of 40% to 50% of unit production sourced out outside of China by the end of our four-year plan. So it's an important meaningful initiative that we're putting a lot of energy against.
Lew Frankfort: In terms of gross margin impact, obviously, labor costs are increasing in a variety of markets and so does a whole set of assumptions that we've made that we believe this migration in four years will benefit us by at least 150 basis points from what it would have been had we remained in China.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you for joining us today for our second quarter conference call. I will now turn it back over to Lew for some closing remarks. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: We've had a lot of attention on individual metrics, and I think that's appropriate, and it's probably also appropriate for me to bring us back to our overall performance. Not only were we pleased with the exceptional top line growth but we were also equally pleased with the exceptional bottom line growth. And importantly, I think you need to appreciate that our organic strength has not been as strong as it had been for several years, and we are leaving this recession with all guns blazing and feeling very confident that we will continue to be able to drive top line, double-digit sales growth and double-digit earnings growth, and we're committed to that. The individual metrics will move around a bit. We measure ourselves primarily via on operating income and return to shareholders, EPS. And we will manage our balance sheet tightly.  I just want to also comment very briefly on inventory. About 2/3 of the inventory growth that we have year-over-year is to actually support new locations in terms of model stocks, as well as a new Asia distribution center. So it's only about our inventory like-for-like is up about, we believe -- our estimate about 15%. So thank you, and have a good day, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude Coach's earnings call. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2010-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Resnick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO; and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Mike Tucci, President of North American Retail, is also joining us for a holiday preview. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters of fiscal year. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties, such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our first fiscal quarter 2011 results and will also discuss our progress on global initiatives. Mike Tucci will review our key programs for the holiday season. Mike Devine will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session that will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. We will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I'd now like to now introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As noted in our press release, we posted an excellent quarter as key financial metrics show double-digit growth and bottom line results that well exceeded top line sales. All of our business units posted strong performances despite muted consumer spending as the merchandising, marketing and pricing strategies, we put into place in FY '10, continued to drive growth. In addition, we made continued progress against our global business initiatives including international expansion, men's and digital media. We experienced strong response to our collections, and our pricing and assortment strategy continued to resonate with consumers worldwide. Beyond the top line, we were also very pleased with our high-level of profitability and substantial cash generation in the first quarter. Looking forward, we're very pleased the current trends we're experiencing in the business and are well positioned for the upcoming holiday season. While I would get into further detail about current conditions and the outlook for our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first.  Some highlights were: First, net sales totaled $912 million versus $761 million a year ago, an increase of 20%; second, earnings per share totaled $0.63, up 43% from prior year; third, direct-to-consumer sales rose 19% to $775 million from $654 million in the prior year; fourth, North American same-store sales for the quarter rose 8.5% from prior year while total store sales rose 17%; fifth, sales in Japan rose 14% in dollars and 3% on constant-currency basis despite the difficult environment; and finally, in China, we continue to generate very strong sales growth with a continuation of significant double-digit comps. During the quarter, we opened three North American retail stores, including one in the Newmarket for Coach, Corpus Christi, Texas. In addition, we opened seven factory stores, including our first five Men's stand-alone factory stores. At the end of the period, there were 345 full price and 128 factory stores in operation in North America. Moving on to China, we opened eight locations, all in the Mainland during the quarter, bringing the total number to 49 locations. And in Japan, two locations were added during the quarter, including our first Men's stand-alone factory location. At quarter end, there were 169 total locations in Japan with 20 stand-alone full Price stores including eight flagships, 116 shop-in-shops, 27 factory stores and six distributor-operated locations. Indirect sales, which the context now represents about 12% of Coach's sales on an annualized basis, decreased 27% to $136 million from $108 million in the same period last year. This gain reflected significant growth in shipments into U.S. department stores and international wholesale locations, given positive POS sales notably in our international businesses and expectations for a stronger holiday season for Coach. Specifically, sales at POS in U.S. department stores rose slightly for the quarter. At the same time, international Retail sales grow sharply, driven by both distribution growth and comparable store sales. The international traveler represents a meaningful growth opportunity as Coach's global awareness and presence expands. We estimate that the addressable U.S. handbag and accessory category rose about 5% to 10% last quarter, similar to the increase we experienced in the first six months of the calendar year. At the same time, Coach's bag and accessories sales rose about 16% across all channels in North America over the same period. In our own stores, handbag and accessories sales rose 20%. It's worth noting that our customers' future purchasing intent is at the highest level we have seen in the last two years. Our total revenues in North America rose 18% for the quarter, with our directly-operated stores up 17% as distribution growth augmented the positive comp performance. As noted, total Q1 same-store sales rose 8.5% fueled by conversion, and we were very pleased with the positive comps posted for both channels. In Full Price stores, both conversion and ticket rose, partially offset by traffic. In Factory, conversion and traffic rose, partially offset by average transaction size. As noted in Japan, we posted a 14% increase in dollars on a 3% increase in constant currency. Our market share further expanded against a very weak category backdrop. Coach now holds a 16% yen share of the Japanese imported accessories market. This share growth in the very tough Japanese market reflects the strength and relevance of our accessible luxury positioning with the Japanese consumer who has become more value-oriented. Once again, I want to call out China, our fastest growing business, which represents the single largest geographic opportunity to Coach. During the quarter, our sales rose sharply from prior year, fueled by distribution and significant double-digit comps. Clearly, the Coach proposition is resonating with this consumer who was participating in this category in rapidly increasing numbers. While Mike Devine will get into more detail on our financials and I will discuss our outlook in some detail, I wanted to give you this recap. As you know, Mike Tucci has joined us today to discuss our product performance for Q1 and our holiday sales initiatives. Mike?
Michael Tucci: Thanks, Lew. During the first quarter, as always, we maintained a high level of product innovation and distinctive newness. In addition to a relaunch of Poppy in July, we brought in Mia, a new soft-tailored collection which featured Maggie, our most popular hobo, as well as the carryall silhouette. We also delivered new choices in Madison and Kristin. Madison and Poppy continued to be our lead collections for the period, with both collections performing well. More generally, the merchandising and pricing strategies we initiated one year ago to create a more balanced and productive handbag assortment are proven sustainable growth drivers in North America.  Both handbag and women's accessories achieved positive comps in the quarter with handbag penetration holding at 57%, with a slight increase in average unit retails. Earlier this month, we started flowing in our holiday assortment, including a relaunch of the Madison collection, featuring the new Sophia satchel in core leather, gathered leather and novelty applications, along with a fresh dotted Op Art logo.  The initial reception has been excellent. You will continue to see a high level of newness over the next few months, with updates to Poppy and new colors in Madison and Kristin. In mid-December, we'll be introducing the Alexander tote to capture peak sales with new products just before the holiday. We're also excited about the trends in small bags, which will be great gift-giving items and help to balance our price offer. In addition to our holiday product will be supported by a comprehensive marketing plan, building on the successful elements of the campaigns of the last year. We will execute a targeted strategy beginning in mid-November to highlight a powerful gifting message for the holiday shopping season. The emphasis of our marketing will be product- and item-driven across handbags, women's accessories and other gifts ideas.  Our efforts will span coach.com, digital media and compelling print and in-store marketing to drive traffic. I'd also like to take this opportunity to provide an update on our digital media strategy, and the benefits that we're deriving from it. As mentioned in previous calls, coach.com is our most important marketing tool. Our primary objective online in North America is to build top-of-mind brand awareness and drive store traffic, while also maximizing e-commerce opportunities. In addition, our digital presence expands far beyond our own website. Social media has become an important component of our marketing strategy, including Facebook, where we now have over 1 million fans who enthusiastically engaged with our relevant messaging and exclusive offers such as product reviews and free shipping. We've also expanded our digital footprint in advertising, highlighted by our recent Poppy project campaign, and our rich media takeover adds featuring the Sophia bag. These are just the few of the initiatives that drove double-digit year-over-year increases in sales and traffic to our North American site in Q1. Building on our strong digital platform, visitors to coach.com this holiday will be able to engage with our virtual gift guide, featuring a robust selection of compelling gifts. They'll pick their favorites, add it to a wish list and even share it through social media. We're also excited about enabling customer comments and likes for our Poppy product pages. Inviting our guest to participate in our brand message becomes viral, ultimately driving traffic and sales to our website and stores. Finally, we'll soon introduce our e-Gift card feature, perfect for last-minute shoppers. While this is a snapshot of our North American digital business, our web presence is global. During the quarter, we launched coach.com informational sites in 10 important countries such as Singapore, Taiwan, Korea, France and Spain. This brings our total web presence to 14 countries, three of which are e-commerce platforms. We will continue to use our digital capability as an enabler in customer touch points as we expand the Coach brand globally. Moving back to our stores, as Lew mentioned, we opened three new retail stores in Q1, which are performing well and ahead of plan and seven new factory stores, including our first five Men's stand-alone factory stores. Updating our Men's store opening plans for fiscal year '11 and full price based on the initial success of our first store on Bleecker Street, we will be opening a few additional Men's retail stores later this fiscal year, as we secure premium locations in our most productive centers in North America. On the Factory side, our new Men's stores located in dominant factory centers such as Woodbury Commons, Riverhead, Chicago Premium, Ontario Mills and Orlando, are off to a great start. We believe the initial strong response reflects the strength of the Coach brand and the consumers focus on value and function. It underscores our belief that there is a large opportunity for Men's domestically in our factory channel as well. During the remainder of FY '11, we'll open at least five more Men's factory locations. In summary, we're excited with the progress we've made in our Full Price productivity improvement and our Men's initiative. We're feeling great about the holiday season, given current sales trends in both our Full Price and Factory channels. With that, I'll turn it back to Lew for a discussion of our strategies and opportunities for growth. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Mike. Our overarching strategies remain largely unchanged. We're focusing on expansion opportunities, both here and North America, and increasingly in international markets. In addition, as always, we're focused on improving performance in existing stores by increasing Coach's share of our consumers accessories wardrobe while continuing to attract new customers into the franchise. Mike just discussed our Men's initiative, which we're confident will be a significant contributor to top line sales in the seasons and years ahead, both in North America and international markets. As we noted in August, the Men's global premium bag and small leather goods market is estimated to be about $4 billion today or 15% of the total premium accessories market, with the addressable market much larger. At the same time, Coach's Men's sales represent only 3% to 4% of our total sales today. Given our long-standing heritage in Men's, including a diversified archive of iconic styles, we're well positioned to grow in this category. Clearly, we have a significant opportunity for Coach to substantially increase its share in the Men's accessories market. In Japan, where the male consumer is more brand- and fashion-oriented than in the U.S., we have introduced a comprehensive Men's assortment in key full price locations and have open two stand-alone stores. This quarter, we opened our first freestanding Men's factory store, which is off to a great start. We believe that over time, our share of the Men's market in Japan can equal our total market share of about 16%. Beyond North America and Japan, we believe that Men's will be a major growth driver for international business, especially in China and other Asian markets. We are currently accepting opportunities in these markets and plan to introduce a broad and comprehensive Men's assortment in all new Coach locations where size permits. Moving on to distribution growth. As mentioned in August, we expect that our square footage globally and across all channels will increase about 10% this year compared to 8% in FY '10. Starting in North America, we will open about 30 new stores this year, including the 10 locations we opened in Q1. In total, we expect North American square footage growth of about 8% this year, similar to last year. As we've said many times, outside of North America, China is clearly our largest geographic opportunity, as luxury accessories are expected to double from about 10% of the global market today to about 20% during the next four or five years, contributing the majority of worldwide category growth. Last year, our sales at Retail doubled in China to over 100 million as the market grew rapidly and we increased our share from 4% to 5%. This year, we're accelerating new store openings with about 25 new locations planned, up from the net of 13 open last year, increasing square footage by about 60%. All of these locations will be in Mainland China. In Japan, the overall consumer market remains very challenging, and the category continues to contract. Our goal continues to be market share gains, and we have done this quite well in our core Women's business. As elsewhere, we're now also focusing on Men's where we have seen some significant early successes. This year, we expect to open about seven net new locations in Japan, including the two opened in the first quarter. They include three Men's and one Poppy location. In total, we estimate that net square footage growth in Japan will increase by about 5% this year, similar to FY '10. Earlier this month, we announced the creation of a new international retail organization with three major Asian hubs: Japan, Mainland China and other Asia markets. We also announced the addition of three senior executives who will enable Coach to capitalize on the significant growth opportunities that exist for the brand in the region. Key in this new organization has been the promotion of Victor Louis to the newly created position of President, Coach Retail International, with responsibility for all of Coach's directly-owned businesses outside North America. Finally, beyond our directly-owned international businesses in China and Japan, we have significantly been growing distributor-run businesses in other Asian countries. During this fiscal year, we expect to open about 40 net new international wholesale locations, including the three opened last quarter, bringing our total number to over 220. As most of you know, in April, we announced the two-pronged approach to address Europe through the establishment of a joint venture with Hackett for distribution in the U.K., Spain, Portugal and Ireland, and a wholesale distribution agreement with Printemps for France. To date, we opened three boutiques in Printemps Department Stores in France, including a 1,700 square foot location on the main floor of Printemps' iconic flagship on Boulevard Haussmann last June. We've seen excellent early results where the shop is attracting both local consumers and tourists. We expect to open an additional five locations within Printemps during the balance of the fiscal year. We're also very pleased to announce our initial stores in London. Our stand-alone store in the Westfield White City Mall coming in early spring and a 5,100 square foot flagship on New Bond Street, our first global flagship store in the region coming next summer. Finally, in Spain, we opened our first boutique in El Corte Inglés in Madrid earlier this month and two others in Barcelona and Valencia just last week. During the balance of the fiscal year, we plan to open at least three more Coach shop-in-shops within El Corte Inglés, and we're exploring additional opportunities as well. Beyond the opportunities in the Coach concept and brand, we just launched Reed Krakoff in September. The Reed Krakoff brand is targeted at the rapidly evolving luxury market. It has an opportunity to define new American luxury and engage a customer who was looking for exclusivity and limited distribution. The brand was launched with a few boutiques in the U.S. and Japan, including a store in Madison Avenue and shop-in-shops in Saks Fifth Avenue as well as two prestigious international specialty retailers such as Lane Crawford in Hong Kong and Colette in Paris. While it's still very early days, we are pleased that the product is appealing to the targeted pinnacle luxury consumer. What I've just reviewed are our strategies to drive our business at a double-digit pace given the strength of the Coach business and our increasing global presence. At this time, I will turn it over to Mark Divine, our CFO, for further detail on our financials. Mike?
Michael Devine: Thank you, Lew. Lew has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our first quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased 20% with direct-to-consumer up 19% and indirect up 27%. Excluding the currency benefit during the quarter, sales rose 17%. Net income for the quarter totaled $189 million, up 34%, with earnings per diluted share of $0.63, up 43%. This compared to net income of $141 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.44 in the prior year's first quarter. Our operating income totaled $286 million, 28% above the $223 million reported last year while operating margin was 31.3% versus 29.3% last year. Naturally, we were extremely pleased with this level of growth and our higher level of profitability. During the quarter, gross profit totaled $676 million versus $550 million a year ago, an increase of 23%. Gross margin rate was 74.2% versus 72.3% a year ago. The year-over-year change in rate was a function of sourcing cost improvements, notably in the factory channel where mix continued to favor higher margin made for factory products. We were pleased with our expense ratio in Q1 as SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales totaled 42.8% compared to the 42.9% reported in the year ago, a 10 basis point improvement despite heavier investment spending. Inventory  levels at quarter end were $459 million, 36% above the $338 million reported at the end of last year's Q1 but up only 14% on a two-year basis. This planned inventory build supports strong underlying business trends to maximize sales this holiday. Further, this inventory level allows us to support the 17 net new North American stores, six net new locations at Coach Japan and 16 net new Coach China stores, as well as our new Asia distribution center, all of which are increases from the year-ago period. Cash and short-term investments stood at $712 million as compared with $995 million a year ago. During the first quarter, we repurchased and retired nearly 3.6 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $38.35, spending a total of $137 million. This brought our trailing 12-month repurchased total to nearly 34.3 million shares equaling about $1.3 billion. At the end of the quarter, approximately $420 million remained under the company's present repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter was $177 million compared to $241 million last year during Q1. Free cash flow in the first quarter was an inflow of $154 million versus $221 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending was $23 million versus $20 million in the same quarter a year ago. As we stated on our August call, based on our current plans for the year, we expect that CapEx will rise to about $150 million, driven by the timing shift of certain projects but primarily for the opening of new stores across all geographies. Naturally, we were very pleased to report these strong financial results. And as Lew and Mike have said, we feel we're very well positioned for the holiday quarter and the remainder of the year.  While we do not give specific guidance, I believe it will be helpful for you modelers out there to keep a few things in mind when looking at the year. First and most generally, we expect to achieve double-digit sales increases in North America and globally, with double-digit earnings growth. And given the strength in our business, we now believe that we'll achieve mid-single digit comparable sales growth in North America for the balance of the fiscal year, up from last quarter when we projected low to mid-single digit growth. Second, we are encouraged by the rate of profitability improvement in Q1 and excited about our top line sales growth. And while our previous comments regarding second half gross margins still stand, this sales growth coupled with controlled spending will help offset cost pressures, enabling Coach to deliver in FY '11 an operating margin at about last year's level. And third, our tax rate is likely to be in the area of 34% for the balance of the year as we further refine our international tax strategies. In summary, we feel our first quarter results clearly demonstrate the vibrancy of the Coach brand and our ability to manage our business nimbly while investing prudently for the longer term. We're accelerating our distribution plans to leverage the emerging market opportunities with a particular focus on China while also exploring new geographies, capitalizing on the increasing popularity and recognition of the Coach brand with discerning consumers globally. And with the business model that generates significant cash flow and virtually no debt, we are in a position to take advantage of growth opportunities while continuing to returning capital to shareholders. Thank you all for joining us on our conference call today. And now Lew, Mike, Andrea and I, will be happy to take questions followed a brief comment from Lew.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Bob Drbul. [Barclays Capital]
Robert Drbul: Lew, I guess the first question I'm going to have is were there any surprises for you this quarter, given the surprising strength in the trends of the business overall?
Lew Frankfort: I think the only, if we want to call it a surprise, the wind was at our back. And we actually found that the category group 5% to 10% in North America, and we were able to grow at a much faster rate in the category. And what's most interesting about that is that after six quarters of decline in the premium handbag and accessory category, last quarter was the third quarter in a row where we grew 5% to 10% led by Coach, and that's obviously very encouraging. But more generally and overarchingly, we did have, of course, had an excellent quarter and what that did for us as a team is reinforce our confidence that the road map that we've articulated as a growth company can and will be achieved.
Robert Drbul: And then, I just have a question on inventories and just sort of the outlook for the holiday. On the inventory side, Mike, can you talk about units versus pricing, and if you have opportunity for higher averaging at retails in the holiday season? And you talked a little bit about, feeling great about Full Price and Factory. Was there a sequential improvement or anything we could talk about throughout the quarter into October so far?
Michael Tucci: I'll take -- you got a lot in there, Bob. It's Mike T. I'll take a few of those, and then I'll hand it to Mike Devine. On the business overall, we did see an important mix shift in the Factory side, again, capitalizing on made-for-factory opportunity. They had drove higher penetrations in handbags, gave us a lot of productivity opportunity, and we do see that as an opportunity going into Q2. More generally and on the Full Price side, we were pleased with conversions as well as average unit retails in handbags, which were up slightly. That's a nice opportunity for us in Q2. And on the inventory side, I think, from a business unit perspective, there are a few really important points to make. One is that we are very clean. We have extremely low levels of clearance in the stores, and we're driving very productive sales in our factory stores through better mix. Our two-years stack on inventory, Bob, is actually up about 14% where we feel last year we were light going into the holiday quarter. And in fact, we did an enormous amount of pull forward of factory products, spring products that we've pulled forward last year to sell in Q2. We've corrected that this year. Additionally, we have more flow in the quarter, so the inventory supports that. And of course, you've heard about some increase in door account with the Men's strategy and some of the global initiatives that we have on new stores. And that, specifically, is driving some of the inventory increase as well. So we're in very good shape. We feel good about what we're seeing in the business today in October. We did see a strong finish in the quarter with the launch of Madison at the end of September. And that, of course, carries forward. Mike?
Michael Devine: So Bob, to answer to your mathematical question, coming out of Q1, the increase in inventory is overwhelmingly skewed towards the increase in unit. We have a low single-digit increase in average unit costs, right and so, of the year-over-year inventory dollar growth. The vast majority of it is, in fact, units, which Mike spoke to. I'll also add on that, of course, since a year ago, we've opened the Asian distribution center, which has required a inventory investment, but now allows us to operate far more nimbly and take advantage of growth opportunities in regions in Asia.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Schick. [Stifel, Nicolaus]
David Schick: Lew, a very sort of long-term or structural China question for you. You've just talked about your share going from 4% to 5% and the market itself is growing. Just structurally, as you look at your place in that market, I know you've talked about 16% share in Japan and your share is higher here. Five or 10 years out, what's the right share to think about for where you guys should be in the China market?
Lew Frankfort: Well, I mean the higher, the better, of course. But I think that it's realistic for us to assume that if we continue on our trajectory and enjoy the same level of success that we've enjoyed in other new markets that we've penetrated then we could achieve our 15% market share.
David Schick: And there's been, it's just been a quarter but there's been no change in the pace of market growth there, it sounds like?
Lew Frankfort: No. The market is moving. Quickly, Coach is growing much faster than the market but the market is, as we said earlier, it's going to double over the next four to five years.
Michael Tucci: David, I'll just remind you, sorry, Lew, to jump in here, but when we took over the Coach Japan business in '01, we had about 2% market share. And as we just reported, we're at 16% today. So we're excited about the opportunity that it kind of represents.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson. [BofA Merrill Lynch]
Lorraine Hutchinson: I was just hoping for an update on the sourcing environment. I know you mentioned margins would be down in the back half, but if you could just talk about the specific drivers here? And then also in the context of the higher handbag AUR in the full line stores, is this your strategy for offsetting some of the cost increases? And will we see continued higher prices going forward?
Lew Frankfort: I'll tell you what, I will take the sourcing cost question, and then I'll have Mike Tucci to answer the AUR question. But obviously, coming out of the quarter, we're absolutely thrilled with the levels of profitability in the business, gross margin and SG&A, both delivering 200 basis points of operating margin improvement. But as we've been talking about for three quarters now, we do anticipate seeing inflationary cost pressures that will impact our gross margin rates. We spent a lot of time on the last call going through a number of the initiatives we have in place to look and offset those, longer term, things like counter-sourcing, moving to production to Vietnam, to India, et cetera. So all of those activities continue ahead at full speed, and we just are enormously encouraged by the quarter that we just put in the books and feel that we can keep the top line growth going. We can deliver SG&A leverage that will help it offset some of these gross margin pressures and deliver very, very strong operating margin to the bottom line, similar to last year's level in spite of the pressures.
Michael Tucci: Sure. on the AUR side, particularly within handbag, what we're experiencing is very balanced growth in handbags. We had a nice comp performance in handbags in Q1, and we're positioned well in Q2. There is some opportunity to raise or to get higher handbag AURs and we're very, very much focused on achieving that. It's mostly a function mix and how we own the goods. And what we're seeing is a very strong response to leather, to gathered leather, to novelty leather applications. Those, by nature, carry higher retails and the customer is voting yes on those. So while we're very committed to protecting our opening price point positioning, we're also seeing some upside in some of the elevated products. And we do believe that there's opportunity for us to nuance that going forward, and we'll take full advantage of it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Christine Chen. [Needham & Company]
Paula Torch: This is Paula Torch calling for Christine. I wanted to ask a question about Europe. What is the long term potential there? And do you intend to have your own stores eventually besides flagship, or just through partnerships? And also if I may, on Europe, I wondered if you could give us a little bit more color on the customer. I know you said that she's a local and a tourist, but wondering more so what her purchases are like? How often does she shop? Any sort of price point differences, and anything that stands out in terms of collections that she's resonating towards versus the U.S. customer?
Lew Frankfort: There's a lot of talk to that. Let me begin by saying that Europe does represent a very substantial opportunity for Coach. Each market has its own unique differences over, on most generally, we will enter Europe with a multichannel strategy as we have in other countries. So you will see us having flagship stores, freestanding stores, shop-in-shops and outlet locations in addition to, and Internet presence. The way in which we're looking to establish the brand initially, it's through flagship locations in such markets as London and in Paris, whether the flagship is within a prestigious department store such as Printemps, or freestanding location. We are working with our local partners who have considerable know-how in the market, and we will continue to do that. I'm very pleased with the way things are going. I actually was in Spain and France just the other week, and it was exciting for me to visit our first shop which opened in Madrid and have a chance to see our little jewel and speak to consumers. And the consumers surprisingly, actually, have a very high awareness of Coach, and they did because of international travel. They appreciated the quality, the styling, the pricing, certainly, and the overall in-store experience. In addition, we're also benefiting from our growing awareness globally in the form of international travelers. So when we were in Printemps, just a day or two later, we saw a very broad mix of consumers, including, of course, substantial French consumers, but also international travelers particularly from China and Japan. And we believe that will help us form a very profitable business from the inception.
Paula Torch: And just in terms of the collections so far, I mean, I realize that it's early. Maybe any price point preferences? Is she looking at a sweet spot?
Lew Frankfort: In general, she likes leather, and she likes stylish products. And Mike said earlier that we've had a very strong success in North America in Madison, particularly with our gathered leather, the Sophia style. That is our runaway number one style around the world. And we're actually chasing inventory for it. So we're finding that she is more sophisticated, more stylish and is looking for product that meets her current needs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Tunick. [JP Morgan]
Brian Tunick: Just two quick ones, for I guess, Mike Devine. First one on the flat EBIT margin guidance, does that include or exclude the 53rd week from last year? And when does the SG&A leverage point really start to come down here? When is the max spending quarter for the year?
Michael Devine: Sure. That's a good question Brian. We really think about a 52-week compare in the main. Of course, that will only influence Q4, which during FY '10 was a 14-week quarter for us versus our usual 13 weeks. So as i speak to that, I really think it's appropriate to look at it on a comparable basis, so good clarifying question. In terms of at peak SG&A, actually, we're going to continue to open stores and invest in the business, so we'll continue the SG&A's dollar growth year-over-year. What I will say is that our second quarter, our December quarter, is obviously our most mature and evolved quarter. We've been a gift-giving resource for many, many years. So we'll be, this year as it has been in years past, the most difficult quarter to achieve SG&A leverage because we have so much leverage to begin with because of the high sales volumes. And where we'll really see that SG&A leverage kick in year-over-year as the top line continues to grow will be in the second half Q's 3 and Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from Randal Konik. [Jefferies & Company]
Randal Konik: Lew, is the consumer becoming less price-sensitive out there? What's your thoughts there? And then I guess to Mike Tucci, it sounds like we're getting a little bit closer to an inflection point on traffic in the Full Price business? Can we just get an update on where we are with that Full Price traffic trend, when we think it can reach that inflection point to a positive number?
Lew Frankfort: Randy, the consumer is cautious and she is price-sensitive. And as we've said before, what we have found is that she's looking for a combination of innovation, relevance and value. And the modified merchandising, pricing and marketing strategies we put into place over a year ago were effectively through the rebalancing of our assortment, we lowered our average price by about 10%, is resonating extremely well. And that positioning is our long-term strategy, to give consumers great product that stylish, well-made, out of excellent materials, at a very compelling price point. Mike?
Michael Tucci: Sure. Randy, Q1 was encouraging to us from a traffic standpoint. We did see some improvement from a sequential standpoint coming out of Q4. And I believe that these trends are cyclical. We are starting to lap our repositioning strategy, and I think that, that's an important opportunity for us to continue to build traction. This is a long-term game. And as we've established much more balance in our assortments, and I believe our product from an innovation standpoint continues to improve, it feels like traffic is moving in the right direction. It's very difficult to put a stake in the ground and predict exactly when the inflection point will occur. But we're feeling very good from a Full Price standpoint that we are both impacting traffic with internal initiatives that we're putting out there, pilots and marketing initiatives, as well as seeing the long-term benefit from our repositioning.
Randal Konik: Just to Lew, back on the pricing. It just seems that you're getting more response to some of these higher price-point products. You've talked a lot about the Madison collection, et cetera. It's been strong. Is it just a function of the fashion, the assortment's gotten a lot better from your standpoints, happens to be a little more priced? You get the leather in there. Is that what's really happening here?
Lew Frankfort: I think the answer is yes. I mean, Randy, when you look at the closet of our customer and while on average, she might have 10 to 12 bags in active use, and even a Coach loyal consumer would have, let's say, a few bags from other brands, in many households where the consumer is not price-sensitive, she's also carrying European luxury brands. And what we're finding by rebalancing our assortment, as Mike T has indicated in giving consumer a wide range of choices, we're able to let the consumer vote in the store at what rate she wants to purchase. The key for us was to rebalance our assortment. The strength that we're experiencing in the higher price points comes from incredibly appealing product in leather that represents great value.
Operator: The next question comes from Laura Champine. [Cowen and Company]
Laura Champine: It seems that obviously, in the wholesale channel, that some of your customers are excited about holiday. It seems like you're stocking up as well in advance of holiday. What is it about your holiday assortment that makes you more positive going into the season?
Lew Frankfort: There's a variety of factors. First and most importantly, it's product. And the product that we are introducing for holiday, we have done substantial pilots, and early reads show that it's selling extremely well. So the sell-through that we're experiencing in Madison, in particular, and the expectation we have to other groups that we'll be introducing in November and December, are quite strong. And it's product that gives us that confidence.
Michael Tucci: Michael Tucci. Let me just add something, and I'd encourage you guys to keep an eye on it in your channel checks. We have also built a slightly different flow strategy for Q2. And you'll see us updating our product assortments more boldly throughout the quarter. So as we typically front loaded the quarter with an enormous October repositioning, while we did that with the relaunch of Madison this season, we also have strong newness hitting over the course of the next eight weeks, eight to 10 weeks. And that's really important, particularly in December where we're flowing in Alexandra, which offers us a real opportunity to capture sales on newness going into our peak 10- to 14-day period.
Laura Champine: And then just quick housekeeping for Mike Devine, is that 34% tax rate what we ought to model long term as well?
Michael Devine: Yes. We feel like the strategies we've put in place largely around our international tax strategies should hold for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey. [Telsey Advisory Group]
Dana Telsey: As you expand your channels and geographies, how do you see it changing the operating margin parameters over the long term? Does your business get back to its former operating margin levels? And also, as you think about next spring in this next year with innovation being so important, what do you see for spring '11 in terms of envisioning new assortments, maybe by category or by price? How is it changing?
Lew Frankfort: Mike?
Michael Devine: I'll take the first half of the question, Dana. And I think we're very optimistic about the trajectory and shape of the curve long term around our operating margins. And what we'll see is as Full Price business reinvigorates and as our international businesses begin to take a bigger share of the total sales pie, those two positive things will begin in the main move gross margins forward or higher. And in terms of delivering SG&A leverage, again, if we continue to see the top line growth that we enjoyed in Q1, it's clear that we'll be able to deliver additional leverage. During the quarter, Mike Tucci's P&L and our P&L in Coach Japan, delivered a tremendous amount of SG&A leverage, allowing us to show the 10 points of leverage across the whole company as we continue to investment spend. As an example, the Coach China P&L showed 15 points of SG&A leverage against itself from a year ago. We're still growing our spending there faster than the top line, so it was a modest de-lever for the company as a whole. But just as an example, as Coach China begins or continues to grow top line and their spending year-over-year slows, they will continue to deliver operating margin expansion. So will we get back to record levels of '07? It's probably a few years out into our long-range plan but definitely the direction that we will head over time.
Michael Tucci: Dana, on the products side, we're pretty focused on Q2 but just to foreshadow the back half, we believe Poppy and Madison, as anchor collections, have continued strength through the back half. We're also very excited about Colette and Kristin as platforms that we can build on. And they really target a very important sort of classic-tailored consumer. There's obvious opportunity for us to continue to build on the Men's innovation piece in our existing stores and our Men's concept stores and our freestanding stores. And directionally, I want to really emphasize that we do believe there is pricing opportunity for us not in an enormous way, but we are projecting AUR improvement in handbags in the back half. We also are extremely pleased with the strength of our women's accessories business, which is trending really, really well. And we put a ton of innovation and function into that category, particularly in wallets and small bags, and that's checking very, very well, and that will continue.
Andrea Resnick: At this time, we're going to conclude our Q&A session so that we have time to have Lew make a couple of concluding remarks before the market opens today.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Angie, and thank you everybody for participating in the call. I think the quarter speaks for itself. And as I said at the very beginning of the question period, the confidence that we have coming out of this quarter after several quarters of continued double-digit growth really reinforces our confidence as a team. That the road map that we've articulated, as a growth company looking to achieve double-digit top line and bottom line growth over the next several years, is well within our sights and within our reach. Thank you, everyone, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the Coach earnings conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-08-03 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jerry Stritzke - Co-President and Chief Operating Officer Michael Tucci - President of Retail Division - North America Andrea Resnick - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations & Corporate Communications Lew Frankfort - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael Devine - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Randal Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies Lorraine Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Resnick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO; Jerry Stritzke, Coach's President and COO; and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters for fiscal year. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties, such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Please note that the results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year ending July 3, 2010, included 14 and 53 weeks, respectively, while the same periods in fiscal 2009 included 13 and 52 weeks, respectively. All discussions of comparable store sales are calculated based on an equivalent number of weeks for each period; 14 weeks versus the comparable 14 week period for the fourth quarter, and 53 weeks versus 53 weeks for the fiscal year. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our fourth fiscal quarter and annual 2010 results, and will also discuss our overarching strategies. Jerry Stritzke will speak to our operations, sourcing and logistic plans, as we expand our infrastructure from global growth. Mike Devine will continue with details on financial and operational results [indiscernible] year. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session which will be joined by Mike Tucci, President North American Retail. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Lew will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Andrea, and welcome everyone. As noted in our release this morning, we were very pleased with fourth quarter results, including excellent sales and earnings growth. This quarter's performance demonstrated a continuation of the strength we have been experiencing throughout the year as our market share expanded across all geographies. Our results reflected growing recognition of the Coach brand globally and consumers’ strong response to our product offering, and clearly bodes well for the future. While I will get into further detail about current conditions and the outlook for the category and our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our year in quarter first. During FY '10, our performance was highlighted by increases of 12% in revenues, 18% in operating income and 22% in earnings per share. It was a year of many milestones, including first, a return to double-digit top and bottom line growth, driven by the successful merchandising, marketing and pricing strategies we put into place last year. Second, an increased emphasis on the globalization of our business through both distribution growth outside North America and the opening of our Asia Distribution Center, which will allow us to operate more nimbly. Third, the first full year of operation of our stores in China, where our sales at Retail doubled to over $100 million as the brand took hold. And fourth, we doubled our quarterly dividend and resumed our repurchase program, authorizing another $1 billion buyback this spring, demonstrating our financial strength and cash flow generation. This annual performance was capped off by an excellent fourth quarter. Some key metrics were: First, net sales totaled $951 million versus $778 million a year ago, an increase of 22%. Excluding the extra week, sales rose 13%. Second, earnings per share totaled $0.64, up 40% from the $0.45 reported in the prior year. Again, excluding the extra week, EPS rose 23%. Third, direct-to-consumer sales rose 23% to $842 million from $683 million in the prior year. Fourth, North American same-store sales for the quarter rose over 6% on a comparable basis from prior year, while total North American store sales rose 24%, augmented by distribution and the extra week. Fifth, sales in Japan rose 13% in dollars and 6% on a constant currency basis, despite a continued contraction in the category, as Coach continued to gain share. And finally, we continued to generate very strong sales and comps in China. During the quarter, we opened five North American retail stores, including two new markets for Coach: Chattanooga, Tennessee and Halifax in Nova Scotia. We also closed six locations; two at lease expiration and the remaining four by exercising our termination rights. In addition, we opened two factory stores. At the end of FY '10, there were 342 Full Price and 121 Factory stores in operation in North America, a net increase of 12 Full Price and 10 Factory stores from the prior year, while total square footage grew 8%. Moving to Japan, two locations were added, including our second Men's shop, while one was closed and one was expanded. At year end, there were 167 total locations in Japan with 20 stand-alone Full Price stores, including eight flagships, 116 shop-in-shops, 25 factory stores and six duty-free locations. In total, a net of seven locations were added in Japan last year and three were expanded, yielding total square footage growth of about 5%. And in China, we added four net new locations, all in the mainland, including our first flagship in Shanghai. At the end of the quarter, there were 41 Coach locations in China, including 29 locations on the mainland in 13 cities. 15 of these stores were in Tier 1 cities, 10 in Tier 2 cities and four in Tier 3 cities. In addition, there are 10 locations in Hong Kong and two in Macau. Overall for Greater China, there was an increase of 13 net new locations for the fiscal year for a square footage increase of 50%. As we previously discussed, we are building a multi-channel distribution model in China, including flagships, retail stores, shop-in-shops and factory stores. Indirect sales, which for context now represent about 12% of Coach's sales on an annualized basis, increased 15% to $109 million from $95 million in the same period last year. This increase was driven by international wholesale shipments, while shipments into U.S. department stores were essentially consistent with last year's levels. At POS, international sales rose significantly, while U.S. department store sales were even year-over-year in the quarter. We estimate that the addressable U.S. handbag and accessory category rose 5% to 10% during the first half of the 2010 calendar year. At the same time, Coach's bag and accessories sales rose about 20% across all channels in North America over the same period. In our own stores, handbag and accessories sales rose 24%. For the fiscal year ended June, we estimate that the addressable category rose about 3% to 5% to about $8.3 billion, while Coach’s North American bag and accessories sales rose 10% across all channels, and 18% in our own stores over the same period. Our total revenues in North America were up 21% in the quarter with our directly operated stores up 24%, as distribution growth augmented the comp performance. Excluding the additional week, North American revenues rose 12% and store revenues increased 14%. As noted, Q4 same-store sales rose over 6% on a comparable basis and Full Price stores’ comps were driven by a sharp rise in conversion, on lower traffic year-over-year, while tickets were stable. In Factory, where we continued to leverage the flexibility inherent in our business model to drive sales through pricing, we continued to see increases in conversion and traffic, while tickets declined modestly. We were very pleased to generate positive comps in both channels of our North American Retail business. It's also important to reiterate that we manage our North American Store business in aggregate. As such, we will continue to fine-tune our marketing and promotional levels to maximize the long-term returns of both channels, while maintaining the integrity of our Full Price proposition and Retail stores. While the full season is just underway, we are pleased with current trends and consumers' continued strong response to our product and positioning. As noted for the quarter, we posted a 6% increase in local currency in Japan and a 13% gain in dollars. Excluding the extra week, local currency sales were even with prior year and sales in dollars were up 5%. It should be mentioned that our market share further expanded against a continuing very weak category backdrop. Coach now holds a 16% yen share of the Japanese imported accessories market. Our growth in share this year, in a very tough Japanese market, reflects a strength and relevance of our accessible luxury positioning with the Japanese consumer, who is becoming more discerning and value-oriented. Naturally, I want to call out China, which is our single largest growth opportunity. As many of you know, this was the first year that we were directly operating all of our China stores, having completed the acquisition of the mainland stores in 2009. During the fourth quarter, as for all previous quarters this year, we achieved significant double-digit comp growth, as the Coach brand is taking hold with increasing numbers of consumers. Moving onto product. During the fourth quarter, we maintained a high level of product innovation and distinctive newness. For April, we introduced a collection of Charm Totes, along with new floral graffiti prints and Poppy. In May, it was all about Julia; a fresh modern tote and hobo story featuring new C-branding and leather Op Art and print concepts, along with fresh colors and patterns in Madison, which were the key statements for Mother's Day. In June, we also had updates in Kristin and Brooke. And in July, on its anniversary, we successfully re-launched Poppy in new and updated styles, material, patterns and prints, supported by a comprehensive and integrated marketing campaign. As you know, FY '10 was a year of strong new collection introductions, targeting specific customer segments, including Poppy, which will be part of Coach for years to come. More generally, we adapted our merchandising, marketing and pricing strategies to respond to a changed consumer environment. Our strong product offering and rebalanced assortment strategy were the primary factors driving the conversion improvement in Full Price stores. Average handbag prices were down about 10% in the fourth quarter, while handbag unit sales rose 25% on a comp store basis. Handbag penetration represented over 55% of sales in our North American Retail stores in the fourth quarter, up nearly 10% from the same period last year. It's important to note that we're focused on maintaining our present price positioning in handbags in the $200 to $300 sweet spot, which is clearly resonating with consumers. Moving to Factory, our business continues to be strong. Here, we are focused on maintaining very high levels of productivity through the introduction of innovative, factory-exclusive product, combined with in-store and direct marketing initiatives targeted at our best Factory customers. A particular note in our Factory business this quarter was a significantly higher penetration of factory- exclusive product at about 90%, compared to about 75% last year. This improvement in mix, favoring made-for-factory product, as well as improved manufacturing costs, further improved profitability in this channel. As we end FY '11, our overarching strategies remain largely unchanged, focusing on expansion opportunities both here in North America and, increasingly, in international markets. In addition, as always, we're focused on improving performance in existing stores by increasing Coach's share of our consumers’ accessories wardrobe, while continuing to attract new customers into the franchise. One new global initiative for us that we're particularly excited about is Men's, which we now believe will be a significant contributor to top line sales in the seasons and years ahead. For context, the Men's global premium bag and small leather goods market is about $4 billion to date, or about 15% of the total premium market. And in key Asian markets, it actually represents a much larger percent of the total. For example, in Japan, the Men's premium market is nearly $1 billion and over 20% of total sales. And in contrast to the contracting Women's market, Men's is actually stable in Japan. In Greater China, today, Men's represents about $900 million in sales, which is about 1/3 of the nearly $2.5 billion market, and is growing rapidly. At the same time, for Coach, Men's represents only about 3% to 4% of global sales today, depending on the geography. During FY '10, we began to pilot a more comprehensive Men's accessories assortment. In the U.S., we introduced our first Men's stand-alone store on Bleeker Street in New York City in May, next door to our Women's store. We've seen very strong initial results and will use key learnings from this store to inform our Men's product and merchandising in the 30 North American flagships where we offer a complete Men's accessories assortment. We also expect to further pilot the concept in a few select Retail locations in North America later this year. In addition, as most male consumers in the U.S. have essentially focused on value and function, we believe that there’s also a large opportunity for Men's domestically in our Factory channel. Thus during FY '11, we will be opening about 10 stand-alone stores in the best outlet malls, most in close proximity to existing Coach Factory stores. First, we'll be opening in late August in Riverhead on Long Island in New York. In Japan, where the male consumer is more brand- and fashion-oriented, we've introduced a comprehensive Men's assortment in key Full Price locations and have opened two stand-alone stores. Our early results have been excellent. For example, our first Men's shop-in-shop in Umeda, Hankyu, which opened in March, is running at annual rate of over $1 million and 210 square feet. And our second store, just opened in June, is also performing very strongly. We also recently reformatted our Marunouchi flagship location, which is the business district of Tokyo, making the whole first floor Men's, and experienced an immediate and dramatic increase in sales driven by all key metrics; traffic, ticket and conversion. We also have placed an expanded Men's assortment into over 60 locations in Japan during the last fiscal year and saw an immediate and significant positive impact to results. We believe that over time, that our share of the Men's market in Japan can approximate our total market share of about 16%. Beyond North America and Japan, we believe that Men's can play a more prominent role in our international locations, especially in China, where it's noted the category is growing rapidly, with Men's playing a significant role, as well as in other Asian markets and in Europe. We are continually and currently assessing opportunities in these markets with an expectation of rolling out a more comprehensive Men's assortment globally and expect to double the number of international wholesale locations carrying Men's to about 90 during FY '11. Most generally, we will capitalize on the brand awareness Coach already enjoys in these markets to grow our penetration of Men's. Moving on to distribution growth. We expect that our square footage globally, and across all channels, will increase about 10% in FY '11, compared to 8% in FY '10. Starting in North America, we will again open about 30 new stores in FY '11, but the composition will be somewhat different with 10 Full Price locations, 10 Factory outlets and 10 Men's-only Factory stores, as I already mentioned. In total, we expect North American square footage growth of about 8% this year; similar to last year. Outside of North America, China is clearly our largest geographic opportunity. As it is expected to double from about 10% of the global market share today to nearly 20% in just a few years, contributing the lion's share of global category growth. The Chinese consumer has embraced Coach, as evidenced by the significant double-digit comps we're consistently generating and the extremely high repurchase intent among existing consumers. As mentioned, our sales at Retail doubled in China this year to over $100 million as the market grew rapidly, and we increased our share as well from about 4% to 5%. And as a result of this growth, strong unit economics allowed us to leverage the considerable infrastructure investment, which enabled us to achieve profitability during FY '10. This year, we will accelerate new store openings with about 30 new locations planned, up from the net of 13 opened in FY '10, increasing square footage by about 60%. All of these locations will be in mainland China. In Japan, as I mentioned, the overall consumer market remains very challenging and the category continues to contract. Our focus continues to be on gaining market share, and we have done this quite well in our core Women's business. As discussed, we're now focusing on new categories such as Men's, where we have already seen early success. During FY '11, we expect to open about eight new locations in Japan, including two Men's and two Poppy locations. In total, we expect that net square footage growth in Japan will increase by about 6% this year, compared to about 5% in FY '10. Finally, beyond our directly-owned international businesses in China and Japan, we do have significant and growing distributor-run businesses in other Asian countries. During FY '11, we expect to open about 25 net new international wholesale locations, bringing our total number to nearly 210. And consistent with our strategy of directly operating select Asian markets, we're pleased to announce that we reached an agreement to take control of our Domestic Retail businesses in Singapore and Malaysia. The agreement provides for a phased transition of the current Retail businesses over the next two years, beginning in July 2011. While the impact of the transition will be small, it is an important step towards controlling our future in Asia. As you know, last quarter, we announced our first expansion plans into Western Europe, which represents about 25% of the global category sales. Initially, we focused on France through a distribution agreement with the prestigious Printemps department store group. Through Printemps, we expect to open a total of at least 14 shop-in-shops in their stores over the next three years. We opened our first location in June; a 1,700-square foot shop in their flagship Boulevard Haussmann location in Paris. We've seen excellent early results, attracting both domestic customers and international tourists. We have also now commenced a joint venture with Hackett Limited, the iconic British retailer, to open Coach in the U.K., Spain, Portugal and Ireland, and we’ll be creating a multi-channel distribution model in these markets. The first locations will be opening in El Corte Inglés in Portugal and Spain this fall. Beyond the opportunities in the core Coach concept and brand, I'm excited about our upcoming Reed Krakoff launch. We believe that this concept has an opportunity to define new American luxury and engage a customer who is looking for exclusivity and limited distribution. The Reed Krakoff brand is targeted at the rapidly evolving luxury market. It is a stand-alone brand, separate and apart from Coach, though leveraging Coach's infrastructure. It also has a unique point of view and aesthetic, reflecting Reed's personal design philosophy. Reed Krakoff will be launched with a few boutiques in the U.S. and Japan, as well as in prestigious international specialty retailers such as Lane Crawford in Hong Kong and colette in Paris. In the coming week, we will be opening a store in Madison Avenue in New York, one in Tokyo, the first shop-in-shops in Saks, and the brand e-commerce site, reedkrakoff.com. What I’ve just reviewed are our strategies to drive our business at a double-digit pace, given the strength of the Coach business and our increasing global expansion. In order to achieve these goals, naturally, we need to create the global infrastructure to support it and continue to evolve our supply chain. To discuss our operations initiative, I'd like to turn it over to Coach's President and COO, Jerry Stritzke. Jerry?
Jerry Stritzke: Thanks, Lew. To begin, I want to touch on our Asia Distribution Center in Shanghai. As you may know, the DC just opened in May. We successfully scaled up to handle 100% of the volume related to our Greater China Domestic business. Similarly, by fiscal year-end, we expect to be fully supporting our Asian Coach International Wholesale business as well. Finally, as we move into next year, we will be in the position to start providing services to Coach Japan from this Distribution Center. The Asia DC is already allowing us to better manage logistics in the region while reducing cost. We will obtain a significant advantage in speeds of market [ph] (43:57) and enables us to provide value-added services in regions, such as pick-pack [ph] (44:02) for China and other Asian countries. Of course, we could be much more nimble using one common inventory for Asia held in-region, taking advantage of the duty-free status to hold products until our demand forecasts are finely tuned by market. Simply put, the Asia DC provides the ability to flow inventory as needed to optimize sales in the region. Developing Asia DC in the duty-free zone, and in close proximity to our manufacturing base, has allowed us to optimize our tax and corporate structure as well. In addition to developing distribution and logistics capabilities in-region, we have used the last 12 months to establish a systems platform in China for planning, financial, data warehousing and CRM [Customer Relationship Management]. This systems platform, together with the Asia Distribution Center, will create the nucleus of what will be our shared service center in Shanghai to provide support to Asian markets in-region. This year, we will add procurement functionality as well as HR and finance capabilities. In addition to supporting China and Japan, it will allow us to seamlessly integrate new direct market as they come online, such as Singapore and Malaysia. While we're on the subject of global operations, I thought I would discuss some of the work we're doing to address sourcing opportunities. Like every company in our space who manufactures in China, we’re now facing rising raw material prices and increasing labor costs. As always, we continue to design and engineer product with the goal of improving costs without compromising quality or value. Specifically, we are experiencing our raw material capabilities in areas such as leather, fabric and hardware. We have consistently sourced both alternative sources for raw materials, such as lower cost tanneries and fabric mills, while also developing alternative fabrication. Today, we're enhancing our capabilities to source raw materials close to manufacturing by investing in strong, on-the-ground presence. We’re also accelerating the diversification of our manufacturing outside of China. We've already made excellent progress in developing a manufacturing base in Vietnam, which will account for 7% of our finished goods production FY '11. In India, we are intensifying our efforts to bring more facilities online and we continue to look at other opportunities, primarily in Asia. In order to effect this diversification, we have created a dedicated team which is solely responsible for bringing new sourcing facilities and countries online. In summary, we have made significant strides in becoming a more sophisticated global operator. The Asia Distribution Center, systems platform and emerging service capabilities will enable the growth that we have planned in Asia, while improving our costs associated with delivering that support. At this time, I'll turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further detail on our financials. Mike?
Michael Devine: Thanks, Jerry. Lew and Jerry have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our fourth quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues rose 22% with Direct-to-Consumer, which represents about 88% of our business, up 23%; and our Indirect segment, up 15%. Net income for the quarter rose 34% and totaled $196 million, with earnings per diluted share of $0.64, up 40%. This compared to net income of $146 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.45 in the prior year's fourth quarter. For the fiscal year, earnings per share were $2.33, up 22%, compared to $1.91; while net income totaled $735 million, up 18%, versus net income of $623 million reported in FY '09. The 53rd week in FY '10 contributed about $70 million to sales and $0.08 to earnings. Excluding that extra week, sales would’ve risen 13% for the quarter, while sales for the year would’ve been up 10%. Similarly, EPS would’ve increased 23% for the quarter and 18% for the fiscal year. For the fourth quarter, our operating income totaled $297 million, 45% above the $205 million reported last year, while operating margin was 31.2% versus 26.3%. For the full fiscal year, operating income was $1.15 billion, an increase of 18% from $972 million generated a year ago. Operating margin for the year was 31.9% as compared to 30.1% a year ago. During the quarter, gross profit rose 27%, $697 million, versus $547 million a year ago. Gross margin rate, which exceeded our expectations, were 73.3% versus 70.4% a year ago. SG&A expenses, as a percentage of net sales, totaled 42.1% compared to the 44.1% reported in the year-ago quarter. For the full year, gross profit rose 13% to $2.63 billion from $2.32 billion a year ago. Gross margin rate was 73% even in FY '10 versus 71.9% posted in FY '09. SG&A expenses, as a percentage of net sales, totaled 41.1%, compared to the 41.8% reported in fiscal 2009. The primary driver of our substantial gross margin expansion in both the quarter and the fiscal year was lower manufacturing costs. Product mix, notably the increased sell-through of handbags in our Full Price stores and the increase of higher-margin made-for-factory product in Factory stores, was also a contributor to the year-over-year improvement. As we noted in our press release, we reported a number of unusual items, which impacted both the fourth quarter and full-year results in FY '09. Excluding these unusual items in the prior year's fourth quarter, FY '10 operating income rose 35% from the $220 million reported in FY '09, while FY '10 operating margin expanded to 31.2% from 28.2% in the prior year. SG&A expenses, as a percentage of net sales, totaled 42.1% in both periods on the same basis. Net income in the fourth quarter rose 43% from $136 million reported in the prior year, while earnings per share increased 49% from $0.43. Similarly, for the full year, excluding the impact of unusual items in the FY '09 results, operating income rose 15% in FY '10 from the $1 billion flat reported in the prior year, while operating margin expanded 90 basis points to 31.9%. SG&A expenses, as a percentage of net sales, totaled 41.1% compared to 40.9% last year. Net income in FY '10 rose 18% from $622 million reported in the prior year, while earnings per share increased 22% from $1.91. Before I leave the P&L, I did want to touch on the tax rate, which for the quarter came in below 35%, bringing the full year to just over 36%, versus the 36¾% we've been accruing for the first three quarters of 2010. There were two primary factors which improved the FY '10 tax rate. Firstly, higher profitability in lower tax rate jurisdictions; and second, a lower effective state tax rate. Inventory levels at quarter end were $363 million, up about 11% from FY '09 year end, consistent with our expectations. This inventory level allows us to support 22 net new North American stores, six net new locations at Coach Japan from the year-ago period, as well as our 41 Coach China stores. Cash and short-term investments stood at $696 million as compared with $800 million a year ago. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased and retired nearly 10.9 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $41.43, spending a total of $450 million. For the full fiscal year, we repurchased and retired nearly 30.7 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $37.48, spending a total of $1.15 billion. At the end of the year, approximately $560 million remained under the company's present repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter was $182 million compared to $270 million last year during Q4. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was an inflow of $152 million versus $245 million in the same period last year. The primary factor impacting cash flow was a $90-million swing in cash for inventory, as we build inventories to support our growing business this year versus reducing inventories in last year's Q4. Our CapEx spending was $29 million versus $26 million in the same quarter a year ago. For the full fiscal year 2010, net cash from operating activities was $991 million compared to $809 million a year ago. Free cash flow in fiscal year '10 was an inflow of $910 million versus $569 million in fiscal year '09. For the year, CapEx spending totaled $81 million. This compares to CapEx of $240 million in the prior year, which included the purchase of our company headquarters here in New York City. It's important to note that based on our current plans for FY '11, we expect CapEx for next year will be up substantially in the area of $150 million, driven by the timing shift of certain projects, but primarily for the opening of new stores across all geographies. While we're not giving specific guidance for FY '11, I believe it will be helpful for you modelers out there to keep a few things in mind when looking at the year ahead. I would add that all of my comments are on a comparable 52 week-to-52 week basis, given that we have provided the sales and earnings contribution of the 53rd week in FY '10. First and most generally, we do expect to achieve double-digit sales and earnings growth as mentioned in our press release and in Lew's remarks earlier. Our top line will be driven in part by low-to-single digit comp store sales in North America, which will of course fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter due to calendar timing differences. Second, our gross margin is likely to expand in the first half of the year versus FY '10. The second half will be more difficult as we'll face headwinds on the raw materials and labor cost side and tougher second half compares, which will be offset in part by channel and product mix, as well as FX. Third, on SG&A, we would expect the expense ratio for the full year FY '11 to be about flat to FY '10 even, even as we ramp investment spend to include Reed Krakoff, Europe and building the infrastructure for global growth, while continuing to deliver leverage across the balance of the business. Taken together, the investments will impact FY '11 earnings per share by about a $0.05 more than investment spend did in FY '10. Fourth, our tax rate is likely to be in the area of 35% for the year, as we further refine our international tax strategies. Separately, I do want to note that we expect further increases in inventory at the end of next quarter as we build inventory against current trends to maximize sales this holiday season. In summary, our fourth quarter and FY '10 results demonstrate our ability to manage our business nimbly, while investing prudently in longer-term opportunities. We're accelerating our distribution plans to leverage the emerging market opportunity with the particular focus on China, while also exploring new geographies, capitalizing on the increasing popularity and recognition of the Coach brand with discerning consumers globally. And with a business model that generates significant cash flow and with virtually no debt, we're in a position to take advantage of profitable growth opportunities globally, while continuing to return capital to shareholders. At this time, I'd be happy to open the call to question-and-answer.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first question comes from Bob Drbul [Barclays Capital].
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: I just had a question for this quarter's comp store sales results. Lew, can you talk maybe about the monthly progression throughout the quarter, including into July? And can you talk overall on whether or not there was a sequential improvement in the North American Full Price Retail stores versus the prior quarter?
Lew Frankfort: First, our Q4 overall comps were better than Q3. And our performance was consistent throughout the quarter driven, as we said earlier, by a sharp increase in conversion. And that trend continues through today.
Michael Devine: Getting to the second part of your question, while we don't disaggregate our comps, I think this was the first call in recent quarters where we did say both channels were positive during the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the Neely Tamminga.
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Companies: Just a question for Jerry since we have him on the call. It would be great to have him talk a little bit more about the sourcing headwinds and pressures, and just get his perspective as to the potential pressures from raw materials versus labor versus transportation, and overall in container cost. I mean, could you just size that for us between those three buckets, where the real headwind is?
Jerry Stritzke: It’s been a pretty dynamic environment in the last six months. The labor increases have already really taken place in China, I think. We, along with many others, have already kind of planned those in and incorporate them into our future costs. I also believe that the logistics costs have stabilized. If you follow that, there's quite a bit of press coverage and we’ve taken a much more cautious approach and feeling pretty good about what we can anticipate there. Raw materials is the piece that's still bouncing around. We've been a little more successful offsetting some of that by being judicious about what we're using, where we're using it. The Euro bounced it around. We've been opportunistic in blocking in cost to the extent that we’re buying product out of Europe, and to the extent that we can source product in places that offset raw materials costs. We're looking for opportunities to do that. So it's a bit of a mixed bag. It's an environment where we have to be very deliberate and more nimble, and even more thoughtful than ever to make sure that we're really looking at our key programs or we're making big investments, and that we're kind of wisely building our cost up. So you don't see a significant impact our business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Hutchinson [BofA Merrill Lynch].
Lorraine Hutchinson - BofA Merrill Lynch: I just wanted to ask about pricing. I know you said you wanted to stay within that $200 to $300 sweet spot, but are there any levers you could pull here on the price points to offset some of these raw material pressures? And then a little bit of clarification on your back half gross margin guidance. Are you expecting margins to be down at this stage or do you think you can do enough to offset these pressures?
Lew Frankfort: Let me answer the first part of your question. The $200 to $300 sweet spot is very powerful, and as I mentioned earlier, handbag unit penetration increased 25% this past quarter. A remarkable level. And we're very pleased with that. And for us, as we revitalize the Full Price business, we look at operating margins, not gross margins, and we would rather trade off some basis points in gross margin because we know the consumer will return it to us in multiple ways by buying more units if we keep the prices sharp. And so that's been a focus in addition to all of the sourcing initiatives that Jerry has mentioned. Mike, do you want to take the second part?
Michael Devine: Sure. So we will be up against some very challenging gross margin rate compared to the second half. We recorded 74% in Q3 and north of 73% in this quarter we've just completed. So honestly, I think it's unlikely that we'll be able to hold to those levels in the back half, but we have all the confidence that we'll be able to continue to deliver gross margin rates in the 72% to 73% range, and likely have to have an opportunity, or let me say a chance, depending on how things fall out. Jerry said it's very dynamic. That year-over-year total year gross margin rate should approximate FY '10’s rates in FY '11, with favorability first half and less favorable compared to [ph] (1:04:33) back half.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Chen [Needham & Company]
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: I wanted to ask about China. Can you talk a little bit in more detail about the customer? I mean, how often is she in the stores? Is the age range similar to here? Do you get an older customer, younger customer? And what is she buying? Is she also buying in that sweet spot? I know the prices there are higher, but I'm just thinking on a like-for-like bag.
Lew Frankfort: She's primarily in here 20s and early 30s. She is a young professional. She values shopping as one of her favorite pastimes and she does look at value and innovation and brand. And she really has embraced Coach. When we look of what she's purchasing, she's purchasing in the main, what consumers are purchasing in other parts of the world. And for its equivalent, the price points are pretty similar to the $200 to $300 sweet spot, adjusted of course for the pricing in China. She actually has, on the mainland in Shanghai and Beijing, she actually has a household income of about $35,000, which is exciting. And the middle-class, as you know, is growing at a -- last year 40%. We don't have the more recent numbers, but it could very well continue at a 40% level. What we're also particularly pleased about as we go into the second-tier and third-tier cities, being the first imported luxury accessories brand, the first imported accessories brand, we're doing extremely well. A lot better than our pro formas, and it bodes well from very substantial distribution in China. And just for context, there are over 300 cities in China with more than 1 million people. Quite remarkable.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: And how many bags a year does she purchase, high-end bags, versus Japan?
Lew Frankfort: She purchases one to 1½ bags a year, high-end, compared to more than two in the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Tunick [JPMorgan].
Brian Tunick - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I was hoping to get your perspective on the opportunities to drive continued productivity gains at the very impressive Factory channel. It seems that's the biggest concern that we hear from investors. So maybe if you could talk about either marketing or in-store promotions, discounting. Anything you could share on that front would help us get some perspective. And then on the Indirect channel side, I think there was some media reports last quarter about a possible deal to do a private label program with JCPenney. And just wondering if this was a growth area, using your expertise, that you would explore?
Lew Frankfort: I'll answer the second part first. I saw the mention in Women's wear. I actually got lots of e-mails. And there's absolutely no truth to that. You can't believe everything you read. And in fact, it's not something that we're contemplating, private label. We have abundant opportunities organically to grow the Coach brand and that's what we're focused on in addition to the launch of the RK brand. I'm going to ask Mike Tucci to take the first part of your question, Brian.
Michael Tucci: Sure. Brian, it's not surprising that as our Full Price business strengthens, that people begin to worry about the sustainability of our Factory model. We really believe that our merchandising strategy, our positioning in Factory and the customer behavior in the Factory channel continues to show opportunities. Examples of that are the continued focus on shifting of mix to major Factory product, which offers a much more dynamic price leverage opportunity for us; innovation and newness in Factory products, which offers an opportunity for repeat purchase, multiple purchase, and also drives traffic and conversion. And then longer-term, looking at the Men's opportunity in Factory as a growth- and productivity-driver, not only for the new opportunity to grow the Men's category on a stand-alone basis, but also as an opportunity to further improve the productivity in our existing Factory base, which is stretched to capacity based on current traffic and throughput. So we feel very good out there and the model is very clean. We don't discount in our Full Price channel. If the customer wants value from Coach and wants Coach at a promotional price point, she knows she can get it in a very vibrant Factory environment with high service levels and very high product flow. And that seems to be really, really working for us. So we feel good about where we are there.
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: As you think about product extensions and enhancing the productivity in the Full Price business, how is the Shoe business, Watches, Sunglasses, and any other product extensions we should be thinking about? And how the fragrance has done? And then lastly, Lew, you talk a lot about the Men's opportunity. How should we think of that eventually becoming a part, what percentage of sales, U.S. and globally, and the margin opportunities there?
Lew Frankfort: First, with regard to Shoes, as Shoes, Fragrance, Watches, Sunwear and the like, all of the categories are doing very well both at wholesale and, from our point of view, more importantly, in our own distribution. We're actually going to be expanding footwear into Asia with an Asian fit, which we know will be enormously helpful. Dana, in terms of Men's, we believe that Men's isn't going to be another major growth area for us. And it's early days, but we would be disappointed if the Men's global sales did not reach and exceed 10% of our overall sales over the next few years, up from the 3% to 4% this past year. So if you do the math, it’s going to add $300 million to our business as we approach $500 million. So it will be significant. As far as the margins are concerned -- just lastly, margins, we use the same rigor and the same approach, and the margins are consistent with the Women's side.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Erika Maschmeyer [Robert W. Baird].
Erika Maschmeyer - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Could you talk a little bit about how your Full Price traffic compared to last quarter? And then also, did the differential between Factory and Full Price comps continue to narrow?
Michael Devine: I think what we said all through the quarter and with the release is that we had positive comps in both Full Price and Factory that the channels performed very well. And more consistently, as that performance converges, it's obviously a positive for us in overall productivity. And as we saw traffic in Q4, very consistent with where we were for Q3. And while it's very early in the quarter, our trends in July have remained very consistent. We feel very good about where we are.
Operator: Our next question comes from Randy Konik [Jefferies & Company].
Randal Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Lew, just curious to get your sense on -- we had this call three months ago. What’s your view on the consumers today versus three months ago? And what's your kind of outlook on the consumer, especially for the Full Price mall business, heading into the back half of the calendar year here?
Lew Frankfort: Well, first, for context, we just interviewed 5,100 active Coach users as part of a semiannual survey in June. And our consumers are feeling better than they have in over two years. And it’s quite encouraging that 30% of consumers, as an example, feel that the economy is getting better. And if you just roll back one year, it was only 8%. So for the first time in two years, a majority of consumers believe the market, the economy’s either going to stabilize or improve. And that's compared to a low point last year around the 20%. So consumers are feeling a lot better. I also feel that we will continue our moderate recovery. And even if we do slip into a slight GDP decline, we don't think it's going to materially affect the discretionary spending on Coach. Because what consumers are telling us also in the survey, that their intention to purchase Coach over the next 12 months has dramatically increased from six months ago, which bodes well. Lastly, of course, we are increasingly global and there's a lot of strong growth for us in Asia. Men's, we're in really the formative stages and you will hear us talking about Men's as another major platform in the months ahead.
Randal Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So is it fair to characterize you feel that the U.S. consumer is better-positioned for the back half of the year? And then the Accessories business is even better than that? Or how should you think about the key [ph] (1:16:05) accessories?
Lew Frankfort: Absolutely. I mean, there's a variety of ways to look at it. Compared to last year, she's far more optimistic and I think that will be reflected in spending; not necessarily across all brands and concepts, but those who innovate and call for good value. I also think sequentially, from the first half to the second half, we see also improvement.
Operator: At this time, I'll turn the call back over to Andrea Resnick.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. I'm going to turn it back to over to both Mike Devine and then Lew for their closing comments.
Michael Devine: Thank you, Andrea. This is Mike. I just wanted to make a clarification from some of the prepared remarks that I gave earlier, particularly around expectations for our North American comp. I wanted to make sure that it was clear that our expectation has delivered low- to mid-single-digit comps for North America, and that they will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter as a result of calendar timing. So thank you. And, Lew, I'll turn it over to you.
Lew Frankfort: I think our results speak for themselves. Our outlook is robust. We feel are coming out of this year extremely strong as a team. Wherever we travel and speak to consumers, we feel we've never been better-positioned for the future than we are today. So as I said last quarter, stay tuned. And thank you, and have a good day.
Andrea Resnick: Thank you, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude the Coach Earnings Conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-04-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Lew Frankfort – CEO Mike Devine – CFO Ian Bickley – President International Mike Tucci – President NA Retail Andrea Shaw Resnick – SVP IR  
Analysts:  Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup David Schick – Stifel Nicolaus Christine Chen - Needham & Company Brian Tunick – JPMorgan  Lorraine Hutchinson – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Laura Champine – Cowen and Company  Erika Maschmeyer – Robert W. Baird  Maria Driscoll – Standard & Poor’s  Antoine Belge – HSBC  Marni Shapiro – The Retail Tracker  Michael Binetti – UBS  
Presentation: 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Coach conference call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO, and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Ian Bickley, President of Coach International, is also joining us.  Before we begin I must note that this call will involve certain forward-looking statements including projections for our business in the current or future periods. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations and historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth based upon a variety of risks and uncertainties. Please refer to our latest Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors.  Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our third fiscal quarter 2010 results and will also discuss our strategies  Ian Bickley will then discuss the increasing globalization of the Coach brand. Mike Devine will continue with details on financial and operational results of the quarter. Following that we will hold a Q&A session that will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Lew will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I’d now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman, and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks Andrea and welcome everyone. As noted in our release this morning, we were very pleased with third quarter results including excellent sales and earnings growth and a further strengthening of our full price businesses across all geographies.  Our performance reflects the continued attraction of the product and pricing strategies we put into place this fiscal year and bodes well for the future. Beyond our recent performance we’re also very pleased to announce the doubling of our dividend at the one-year anniversary of its initiation signaling our confidence in our outlets.  We’ve also offered authorized a new $1 billion stock repurchase program. Finally we’re encouraged with the progress we’re making in transforming Coach into a global brand. As Andrea just mentioned we’ve asked Ian Bickley to join today’s call to talk about our initiatives notably in Asia, and our development strategy for Europe, initially focusing on the UK, France, and Spain. While I will get into further detail about current conditions and the outlook for the category and our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some key highlights of our third fiscal quarter were, first, earnings per share rose 40% to $0.50 compared with $0.36 in the prior year.  Second, quarterly net sales totaled $831 million versus $740 million a year ago, an increase of 12%. Third, direct to consumer sales rose 15% to $726 million from $634 million. Fourth, North American same store sales for the quarter accelerated rising 5% from prior year while total North American store sales rose 16%. Fifth, sales in Japan declined 1% in constant currency and rose 2% in dollars. And finally, we continued to generate very strong sales growth and significant double-digit comps in China. During the quarter we opened two North American retail stores, both in new markets for Coach, Burlington, Ontario, and Brownsville, Texas and closed two others.  We also opened one factory store. So at the end of the period there were 343 full price and 119 factory stores in operation in North America. Moving to Japan, we opened our first men’s location as well as the factory store and [inaudible] location. At quarter end there were 166 total locations in Japan, with 20 full priced stores including eight flagships, 116 shop in shops, 24 factory stores, and 6 wholesale duty free locations.  Indirect sales decreased 1% to $105 million from $106 million in the same period of last year. This decline was due to the slightly reduced shipments into US department stores. We continue to manage inventories into this channel carefully although we’ve seen significant improvement at retail as sales at POS rose 11%, the first quarterly sales gain in two years.  International POS sales also rose in the period driven primarily by distribution. We estimate that the addressable US handbag and accessory category rose at least 5% in the first calendar quarter continuing the improving trend noted over the back half of calendar 2009. Coach’s bag and accessories sales rose about 15% across all channels in North America over the most recent quarter.  In our own stores, handbag and accessories sales rose 18%. Our total revenues in North America rose at a similar pace as our overall top line, up 13% with our directly operated stores up 16% driven by both distribution growth and positive comp performance.  As noted Q3 same store sales rose 5% reflecting a further strengthening of our full price business. Fueling this total retail comp gain was significant gains in conversion from prior year while in aggregate traffic was equal to last year’s levels. We were particularly pleased with the conversion improvement as it is the driver that we have the most control over through product and service.  And full price stores average transaction size was slightly lower compared to prior year as increased handbag penetration offset most of the impact of lower handbag and accessory pouches. Traffic trends improved from the second quarter and were only slightly down from the prior year. In factory where we continued to leverage the flexibility inherent in our business model to drive sales through pricing we saw increases in both traffic and conversion while ticket declined slightly.  While most of the quarter remains ahead of us we’re tracking well and our excited about Mother’s Day and the rest of the spring season. Its also important to note that we manage our North American store business in aggregate. As such we will continue to fine-tune our marketing and promotional levels to maximize the long-term returns of both channels while maintaining the integrity of our full price proposition in retail stores. As you know we have resale price maintenance 365 days a year, a full price proposition. As noted in Japan we posted a 2% increase in dollars on a 1% decline in constant currency. Our market share further expanded against a continued very weak category backdrop and reflect the relevance of our acceptable luxury positioning with the Japanese consumer who is becoming much more value oriented.  We were also very pleased with our performance in China where our proposition of New York fashion and accessible luxury clearly resonated with both domestic consumers and with tourists and our Hong Kong and Macau stores. Clearly our double-digit comp store sales growth further demonstrates Coach’s great potential with this emerging consumer group.  Finally as mentioned in our press release our sales are trending a year ahead of our original plan unveiled two years ago when we announced our intention to take control of this business. Moving on to products, during the third quarter we maintained a high level of product innovation and distinctive newness.  Beginning on December 26 we transitioned to spring with the introduction of a Peyton collection offered across multiple fabrications and silhouettes anchored by both our carry all and shoulder bag styles. This was followed by the relaunch of Poppy in February and the new Kristin collection in March. With its new and distinctive hardware and soft feminine styling Kristin represents another [inaudible] design evolution for Coach and was supported by our spring ad campaign.  Just this month we introduced a collection of new [inaudible] along with new floral, graffiti prints, and Poppy. And yesterday we launched Julia, a modern tote and hobo story featuring new branding and leather op art and print concepts along with fresh colors and patterns in Madison which are the key statements for Mother’s Day.  In addition this July on its anniversary, we will relaunch Poppy, in new and updated styles, new materials, patterns, and prints, with a comprehensive and integrated marketing campaign. Our strong product offerings and rebalanced assortment strategy continues to resonate with consumers. [inaudible] prices are down about 12% this quarter, similar to the first half of the year. These factors were the primary drivers of our conversion improvement in full price as handbag unit sales rose 22% on a comp store basis. Handbags represents a 59% of sales in our North American retail stores in the third quarter, up about 10% or five points from the 54% handbags represented in the same period last year. Moving to factory our business remained strong. Here we are focused on maintaining very high levels of productivity through the introduction of innovative factory exclusive products combined with in store and direct marketing initiatives targeted at our best factory customers. Of particular note our factory business was a significantly higher penetration of factory exclusive products at 80% compared to last year’s 60% levels. This improvement in mix favoring made for factory products as well as improved manufacturing costs resulted in significantly higher profitability in this channel.  More broadly our strategies remain largely unchanged focusing on expansion opportunities both here in the North America and increasingly in international markets. In addition as always we’re focused on improving performance in existing stores by increasing Coach’s share of our consumers’ accessories wardrobe while continuing to attract new customers into the franchise.  Starting in North America we plan to open an additional five stores this quarter bringing the total to 20 new American retail stores for the year. In addition we will open two factory stores. In total we expect North American square footage growth of about 8% this year, down from about 13%. I’d now like to introduce Ian Bickley, President Coach International to talk about our abundant opportunities outside of North America.  As many of you know Ian has been with Coach since 1993 and has been a key architect of our international growth strategies. 
Ian Bickley : Thanks Lew, and good morning. I’m very pleased to be able to talk about the globalization of the Coach brand. We now expect the global luxury handbag and accessories markets to reach about 29 billion during 2013. Today about 50% of global category sales and 90% of Coach sales are generated in North America and Japan, pointing to a very large opportunity outside of our core markets.  The most rapid growth is coming from the emerging markets notably in Asia, with China clearly our largest opportunity as it is expected to double from about 10% of the global market today to nearly 20% by 2013 contributing the lion’s share of category growth.  The Chinese consumer loves Coach, as evidenced by the significant double-digit comps we’re consistently generating and the extremely high repurchase intent among existing customers. Coach’s potential in the China market is reflected in our very low unaided brand awareness of 8% compared to 72% in the US and 63% in Japan, among target consumers. As mentioned our business is trending about a year ahead of the plans we originally articulated back in the spring of 2008. We’re now targeting to achieve about $250 million in sales during FY12. And as a result of this growth we are now profitable in China, also ahead of schedule as strong unit economics have allowed us to leverage the considerable infrastructure investment. In China we expect to open five new locations during the remaining few months of the year. This will bring our net FY10 openings to 13 resulting in approximately 50% growth in square footage. As mentioned this week we’re officially opening our first flagship location on the mainland in Shanghai, just ahead of the World Expo, which is expected to attract 70 million visitors to the city over six months.  This 7000 square foot store reflects Coach’s latest flagship design. We believe this important store will further elevate the brand’s image and is consistent with our strategy of raising awareness and aggressively growing market share with the Chinese luxury consumer. Next year we will accelerate new store openings with at least 20 new locations planned.  To support our growth in China and the region, we have just started up an Asia distribution center in Shanghai, allowing us to better manage the logistics in this region while reducing costs. Its important to note that our growth in China is not constrained by finding the right locations, but rather our emphasis on excellent customer service which requires recruiting and training the right retail teams to run our stores, a much greater challenge than finding store sites. In Japan the overall consumer market is very challenging and the category continues to see declines. Our focus remains on growing market share and we have done this quite well in our core women’s business. We’re now exploiting new categories such as men’s, where we’ve already seen early successes. For context the men’s imported leathers at market is nearly $1 billion in size and has been less impacted by the macroeconomic environment than women’s. With only a 3% share of the men’s market today Coach is very under penetrated. And over the next few years we believe it has an opportunity to match our total market share of 14%. We will open two more locations in FY10 or seven net new locations for the year including the first two men’s shops. In total we expect that net square footage growth in Japan will increase about 5% this year compared to about 8% in FY09. Finally beyond our directly owned international businesses in China and Japan, we do have significant and growing distributor run businesses in other Asian countries. For example, in Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, and Malaysia, there are about 90 total Coach locations generating nearly $200 million of sales at retail.  Coach is already among the top five imported brands in these markets, with significant potential for further strong growth. During the quarter we plan to open six net new international wholesale locations. This would take us to about 25 net new international distributor operated locations this year.  At fiscal year end there will be about 180 Coach international wholesale locations in over 20 countries around the world, generating sales at retail of nearly $350 million. We’re also pleased to announce our expansion plans into Western Europe. As you know Europe is a large market for women’s and men’s luxury accessories, representing about 25% of the global category sales.  Our experience with European tourists in combination with recent consumer research has given us confidence that our current design direction resonates with Europeans and that our price points will offer a compelling value proposition. Further Coach’s heritage linked to New York fashion is appealing for most Europeans and creates a differentiated positioning compared to the traditional luxury brands.  As discussed in our press release we are starting with a two-pronged approach with strong local partners. Initially we will focus on France through a distribution agreement with the prestigious Printemps department store group. Through Printemps, we expect to open at least 14 shop in shops in their stores over the next three years. The first will be a 1700 square foot shop which will open in June in their flagship boulevard Haussmann location in Paris, followed by five additional locations by the end of the calendar year. We have also agreed in principal to establish a joint venture with Hackett Limited, the iconic British retailer to open in the UK, Spain, Portugal, and Ireland, creating a multichannel distribution model in these markets. We expect the first locations in the UK, Spain, and Portugal, to open during the next 12 months.  With that I will turn it over to Mike Devine.
Mike Devine : Thank you Ian, Lew and Ian have just taken you through highlights and strategies, let me know take you through some of the important financial details of our third quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues rose 12% with direct to consumer which represents over three quarters of our business, up 15% and indirect down 1%, due to slightly lower shipments to US department stores.  Earnings per share for the quarter increased 40% to $0.50 as compared to $0.36 a year ago, while net income rose 37% to $158 million from $115 million. Excluding the one-time charge from last year’s third quarter EPS rose 31% and net income increased 28%.  Operating income totaled $249 million, up 34% from the $185 million reported in the comparable year ago period, while operating margin was 30% versus 25.1% reported for the prior year. Excluding the one-time charge last year operating income rose 25% from prior year or double the rate of sales growth as the year ago operating margin was 26.9% on the same basis.  In the third quarter gross profit rose 17% to $616 million, from $525 million a year ago and gross margin rate increased to 74.1% versus 71% flat in the prior year. The primary driver of our substantial gross margin expansion was lower manufacturing costs. Product mix notably the increased sell through of handbags in our full price stores and the increase of higher margin made for factory product in factory stores was also a contributor to the year over year improvement.  SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales at 44.1% compared to 45.9% in the year ago quarter. Excluding the one-time charge in the year ago comparison, the expense ratio was equal year over year at 44.1%. Once again our two primary direct businesses here in North America and in Japan both provided leverage not only to their own P&L’s but to the corporate consolidated P&L as well.  Inventory levels at quarter end were $307 million, down about 14% from prior year on a comparable basis. On a unit basis inventory was up 3% reflecting our lower average unit cost. Cash and short-term investments stood at $908 million as compared with $551 million a year ago despite repurchases of $700 million worth of Coach common stock over the last 12 months.  During the third quarter we continued our repurchase activity buying nearly 11.3 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $35.52. As of the end of the period approximately $10 million remained under the company’s previous repurchase authorization. As noted in the press release and by Lew earlier on this call the Board has authorized a new $1 billion repurchase program. As you know we’ve also announced the doubling of our dividend rate from $0.30 to $0.60 annually, effective with our July payment. Its important to note that it will still represent only a fraction of our cash flow at about $180 million a year, leaving us more than ample cash to fund our growth and continue our buyback program.  Net cash from operating activities in the third quarter was $205 million, compared to $207 million last year during Q3. Free cash flow in the third quarter was an inflow of $190 million versus $180 million in the same period last year, due to lower CapEx and a higher net income. Our CapEx spending was $15 million versus $27 million in the same quarter a year ago. Naturally we were very pleased to report third quarter earnings that demonstrated our ability to achieve strong top line and accelerated income and earnings growth. Looking ahead I think it would be helpful for you modelers out there to keep a few things in mind when projecting our fourth quarter.  First, we would reiterate that our gross margin is expected to expand significantly in Q4 versus last year, although it will likely be somewhat lower than our Q3 rate due to channel mix as factory will be distorted in the 14-week quarter.  Second, as a result of our sales productivity gains and our ongoing operating efficiencies we continue to expect that our SG&A dollar growth will be quite close to our top line growth for the fourth quarter. We are targeting these levels in spite of more difficult compares from last year’s fourth quarter due to our higher investment spending and increased incentive compensation accruals.  Third, we do expect to see some inventory growth as we plan to build inventories for the fall season and we begin to anniversary our average unit cost improvements. Separately based on some changes in project timing we now expect that this year’s CapEx will be in the area of $90 to $100 million, down from our previous guidance of $110 million.  In summary, our double-digit growth demonstrates our ability to manage our business nimbly, while investing prudently in longer-term opportunities for the brand. We’re accelerating our distribution plans to leverage the emerging market opportunity with a particular focus on China while also exploring new geographies, capitalizing on the increasing popularity and recognition of the brand with discerning consumers globally.  And with a business model that generates significant cash flow and with virtually no debt, we are in a position to take advantage of profitable growth opportunities globally, while continuing to return capital to shareholders.  Thank you all for listening this morning, and we’d be happen to open it up to Q&A. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital
Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital: The one question that I have for you is when you look at the results this morning, very encouraging, do you view this quarter as in inflection point for Coach and why do you think.
Lew Frankfort : We do see it as another inflection for Coach. I think in a year from now or two years from now we will look back upon this quarter, the initiatives that we announced in Europe, the acceleration of our business in China and the rejuvenation of our full price businesses and conclude that it indeed was an inflection point. We’re extremely encouraged by the results across all channels and geographies last quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup
Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup: The comp acceleration this quarter was nice, I’m wondering if you could give us any color on if the factory versus the full price comp, if that differential has been closing further and do you think that the go forward comp can be sustained here in the mid single-digit range or are you looking for a low single-digit going forward. 
Lew Frankfort : In terms of fall’s precision, when we say low single-digits, mid single-digits, to us that’s just a very subtle change. What we said publically quite recently is that we do believe we can achieve during our LRP period double-digit top line growth with the bottom line growing at a faster rate.  And what we also said is that we’re anticipating low to mid single-digit comps worldwide. If we get some wind at our back it will be higher, if we don’t it will be somewhat lower. With regard to the earlier part of your question, yes there has been a convergence between full price and factory, its increasing, the convergence. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Schick – Stifel Nicolaus
David Schick – Stifel Nicolaus: Kind of a question going back on the broad thinking over a year, one of the reasons I think Coach didn’t face comparisons that were dropped off the table was that you recognized the change, called it the new reality, had some strategic changes around that a year ago, so as you lap that and I know you mentioned that the handbag unit comp was 22 but the down 12% I think you said in price on the call, is there any reason to revisit the new reality or would any improvement off of the new reality be taken care of in the RK line, how should we think about your thinking on that strategic [ship].
Lew Frankfort : I’m going to ask Mike Tucci who’s sitting in with us on the call to take that question. 
Mike Tucci: Specifically on handbags, the unit acceleration has been a key. Obviously with the rebalancing and repricing strategy and its stabilization of traffic, the key for us in getting productivity back is selling more units in handbags, we had a positive comp, high single-digit in our full price stores in dollars which was key. If we’re looking out as we build our assortments through Q4 of this year and into the first half of next year, we actually do see some subtle opportunity to blend the product differently going forward and the key for us is really in the middle. Its sits between, in the Coach handbag hierarchy, between Poppy which is our introductory price offer and Madison which represents a higher price offer. The best representation of that today in the stores is Kristin and Julia which launched yesterday, really targeting that core leather and signature sweet spot between $298 and $358. As we built that in Q3 we saw the strengthening of our handbag business in particular and our overall business.  We will build on that significantly in FY11 and beyond and I think that bodes very well for us to give us three layers in our pricing and positioning hierarchy to meet three very distinct consumer segments. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Chen - Needham & Company
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: Congratulations on a great quarter, I wanted to ask about the international customer, as you go global going into Western Europe and then also focusing on China, what differences do you see between the customer across the country. Is the Chinese customer similar to the Japanese customer, does the European customer shop differently than the US customer versus the Asia customer and how do you think about that as you grow. 
Ian Bickley : I believe that overall the differences between our customers are very subtle and we’ve learned through our consumer research that consistently our heritage as a New York fashion brand as well as our accessible luxury positioning and compelling value proposition for the consumer is something that resonates globally. 
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: And then with respect to Europe, what are you doing differently this time other than partnering with key retailers than when you tried to grow in Europe in the past. 
Lew Frankfort : Let me take that one because this is our second try at Europe, as you know, I failed the first time and a few things. First it was the old world of Coach, it was online leather bags, I’m not sure you’re old enough to remember them, but we—
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: I remember, I’m old enough. 
Lew Frankfort : Okay, well we actually developed a great business in North America but it did not resonate that well with the Europeans who wanted products that were more stylish and more sophisticated. Second, we did not have local partners and we did it remote without putting the level of investment into these markets that we’re doing today. Today as we announced we have two great partners that we’re starting with and we’re very enthusiastic about what we can do together. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Tunick – JPMorgan 
Brian Tunick – JPMorgan : You had talked about the gross margin expansion you saw in the quarter and I think you pointed out the lower product cost, channel mix and made for factory product at factory as the primary drivers, is it possible to quantify those in terms of basis point impact. 
Mike Devine :  I would probably stay away from going with too much more precision but rest assured that of the 310 of margin expansion far and away the biggest contributor was from those two factors which we actually look at them, think about, as very closely related because they both end up resulting in a growing expansion between our average out the door pricing and the average unit cost for the item sold.  The other traditional big movers of our gross margin rate were relatively quiet this quarter versus last year. Our levels of promotions in the factory channel were very similar, TYO [wise] and also we’re starting to see some easing of the pressure brought about by channel mix due to a number of factors, firstly the convergence that Lew just spoke to, and we discussed in our prepared remarks. Its taking a little bit of pressure off the channel mix and also the rapid growth while its still small to the total company, Coach China with its very healthy gross margin rates also helped move the needle on channel mix a little bit this quarter.  So the big story really is about price versus cost which is very exciting for us. 
Brian Tunick – JPMorgan : And with the increased penetration of the made for factory product and if you are able to continue to diverge the full price in the factory channel comps, is it reasonable to assume that you could possibly get back to a 75-ish percent gross margin.
Mike Devine : Again we’re not giving specific forward guidance, but what I would say is that we’re feeling good about our gross margin rates heading into Q4 and for the coming quarters. We do expect to be able to deliver year over year gross margin expansion out over the next couple of quarters. We’ve locked in many of our material costs at historically low levels. That being said we are beginning to see some inflationary pressures so that will be a challenge for us going forward, however we do have many opportunities to look to offset this pressure, whether its through alternate materials, counter sourcing, channel mix, as China grows as I mentioned earlier, and our convergence between full price and factory. So, we’re feeling like there are opportunities but there are headwinds on the inflationary pressure side. 
Lew Frankfort : I’d also just like to add if I could, is that we actually internally nicknamed Mike Devine Mike Gross Margin Devine and we feel so [unsuccessful] but with all of you guys, migrating you to operating margins because we do think that’s really the way you need to evaluate us. And that’s a more comprehensive measurement, notwithstanding everything positive about our outlook on the gross margin side, I just urge you to move down the P&L.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Lorraine Hutchinson – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Can you talk about your thought process in choosing your new European partners, where exactly do you see the synergies with Hackett and Printemps. 
Ian Bickley : Well first of all we really see the new partnership with Printemps as the cornerstone for going into Western Europe. France obviously is a very important market. It’s a leading fashion market and we believe if we’re successful there we really will build a halo effect for the rest of Europe.  Printemps for us is a perfect partner. We know that they get the vision for the Coach brand. They will help us to establish image enhancing locations and they will give us broad geographic coverage throughout France and enable us both to leverage the domestic consumer as well as international tourists which especially in their flagship Printemps location in Paris represent a very significant share of the business. In terms of Hackett with whom we are jointly developing other key Western European markets, we do believe again they are a group that understands Coach, understands the positioning in the market, has strong local expertise and also have a high touch customer service model that is very consistent with the way we drive our business. 
Lorraine Hutchinson – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Can you provide some color on the markets you expect to target in terms of demographics. 
Lew Frankfort :  The question is can we talk about who we’re trying to target, we actually have a very broad reach. As a democratized luxury brand where we’re available to consumers who are aspirational trading up into Coach as well as consumers who are purchasing alternative brands at our levels and of course the European luxury brand. So we find that we’re able to develop a broad and diversified consumer base in each of the markets we’re in and that’s one of the elements that’s very compelling to our proposition. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Congratulations, can you talk a little bit about as you see the department store business or indirect business any updates there in terms of what’s happening and then just to clarify on the positive high single-digit comp that you mentioned for full price, is that just in handbags, or is that overall. 
Lew Frankfort : The positive comp was in handbag units, 22% more units. With regard to department stores, we had an excellent quarter at POS, our sales were up 11% driven by full price sales and that compared actually to down 22% just in the last quarter and I think that’s both a reflection of Coach’s strength and the strength in department stores. They have really backed away from the promotional proposition and are giving consumers a stronger every day value. We’re benefiting from that of course and we’re encouraged. We believe that we will stay in positive territory at POS in US department stores. It bodes well for not only Coach but other brands and their entire franchise. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laura Champine – Cowen and Company 
Laura Champine – Cowen and Company : Given the CapEx guidance for the full year that’s changed a little bit but the step up in Chinese growth and also the European plan, can you give us kind of an initial look at 2011 CapEx.
Mike Devine : We haven’t completed yet our complete CapEx planning for our new fiscal year 2011 out through next June. I can tell you that the reduction this year from the $110 to the $90 to $100 million is just project timing. So I would anticipate from that $110 million level if you look at that as a go forward number and then have the movement of $10 to $20 million, I think we’re probably will end up coming forward with a CapEx plan that would be in the $130 to $150 million range for next year. But its very early in our detailed planning processes. The relationships that we’re forming with our new partners and our growth in China will increase our CapEx spend but we’ve done tremendous work around store construction costs and sourcing and so we feel like our CapEx spend will continue to be very well controlled. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Maschmeyer – Robert W. Baird 
Erika Maschmeyer – Robert W. Baird : I noticed that your unaided awareness in the US looks like its had a nice jump, could you talk about the factors there. 
Lew Frankfort : Our unaided awareness is extremely high. I’m not quite sure what source you’re referencing but our unaided awareness is I believe north of the 70% in the US, so seven out of 10 consumers who we target mention Coach as a top of mind brand. Perhaps it’s a bit higher than it was, but we haven’t seen the results of that effect. 
Erika Maschmeyer – Robert W. Baird : I thought you had said 80% unaided awareness there, I’m sorry if I misheard that. 
Lew Frankfort : I think what we referenced was 80% unaided awareness in China compared to in the 60’s in Japan and 70’s in the US and the reason Ian made that point was to suggest that the opportunity for us to continue to grow rapidly as awareness builds is balanced in China. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Maria Driscoll – Standard & Poor’s 
Maria Driscoll – Standard & Poor’s : I have a question about how you’re going to keep flowing your goods in Europe and Asia, will you be flowing them as constantly, as frequently as you do here in the US.
Lew Frankfort : The short answer is yes, we do that today with the same pace. We have a global calendar and when we update our windows in the United States we do the same in China, Korea, and every other market so the cadence is exactly the same.  What we did announce and Ian touched on it I believe today is an Asian distribution center which is just opening now and for the first time we will be shipping goods for Asian markets directly into a distribution center that will enable us to provide much more rapid response. Today for countries outside of Japan they’re located in Asia, the goods go all the way to Florida, believe it or not and then go back to Asia. We’re going to be cutting four to six weeks of transit out. We’re going to be able to have a pooled inventory so that we can respond to country variations in demand in a much more spontaneous way.  So, we’re trying real hard to strengthen our capabilities there. 
Maria Driscoll – Standard & Poor’s : And can I just ask you also have an e-commerce platform in Europe. 
Lew Frankfort : Is that a question, we do not today have an e-commerce platform in Europe. We’re actually launching later this week I believe if we’re still on track, a Japanese e-commerce site. What we have in China and several other markets and will have in Europe once we launch, is an informational site that will provide updated information on product, newsworthy stories, as well as directions on where they can go within the respective countries and purchase Coach. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Antoine Belge – HSBC 
Antoine Belge – HSBC : Regarding your expansion in France, will be your pricing much different from your pricing in the US and the same [level] of profitability do you expect some initial earnings dilution from going into Europe.
Ian Bickley : In terms of the pricing in France no we expect to, as Lew talked about earlier, position our brands [inaudible] as an accessible luxury brand between the international brands and the domestic brands targeting about 20% premium. 
Lew Frankfort : And we do not see any dilution of earnings from this initiative in France. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marni Shapiro – The Retail Tracker 
Marni Shapiro – The Retail Tracker : Congratulations, I saw Julia yesterday and I think its one of the best lines you have put forth in a while, its absolutely—
Lew Frankfort : Think about buying it for a loved one, or yourself. 
Marni Shapiro – The Retail Tracker : So I have just a couple of questions about France and Western Europe and even a little bit about China, could you talk about as you roll the brands into these areas, how are you approaching this from marketing but also product wise, are you rolling in with brands with sub brands, like Madison and Julia or is signature there too, is Poppy there, and do you have a full assortment as far as fragrance, jewelry, small leather goods, just a little behind that. And I know the stores in the department stores, the shops will be smaller, so if you could just talk specifically about that versus a store say in China. 
Ian Bickley : Well first of all let me talk about product and marketing, we expect the assortments for Europe to be very consistent with our assortments globally. Of course there will be preferences that consumers have there particularly we expect leather to be more important in Europe for example than a [logo] product.  And in terms of marketing we’ll be approaching each market that we’re entering with a specific launch strategy. We are partnering as part of our agreement with Printemps on a shared integrated marketing and communications campaign to launch the brand in France that will focus a great deal on the Haussmann store leveraging databases, windows, but also some degree of national advertising as well as editorials.  We’ll also be tapping into opportunities to leverage the international tourists in that market as well. And we’ll take a consistent approach when we go into the UK and Spain and those markets in advance of opening the first locations. With regard to the store sizes, as I mentioned earlier our location in the Printemps flagship location on boulevard Haussmann, is going to be 1700 square feet in a very prime location. Actually when you go into the store it will have a three-room concept and will look very much like an elevated Coach freestanding store actually within a department store. In terms of the broader distribution we’ll probably be looking at shop in shop sizes that will range between 50 and 80 square meters in size. 
Marni Shapiro – The Retail Tracker : And then could you just follow-up on China and I’m assuming just based on those store sizes that the assortment in France at least will be a little bit more limited and focused on handbags, is that correct. 
Ian Bickley : No, it’s the same broad lifestyle collection that we offer, its no different to China. 
Marni Shapiro – The Retail Tracker : No I’m sorry in France, China is getting now the full, is the full assortment but in France it will be smaller shop in shops, the assortments will be focused primarily on handbags. 
Lew Frankfort : No what Ian was saying is that the smaller shops will have a comprehensive assortment. What we do in a smaller size flagship and we have many of them around the world, is have a more edited assortment of the comprehensive offering, but it will be a true flagship assortment which is a lifestyle expression of the Coach brand. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Binetti – UBS 
Michael Binetti – UBS : Congrats on a nice quarter, I was wondering if you could comment a little bit closer on whether the promotional cadence at the factory stores was higher year over year, I think last quarter when we talked you expected it to be about flat for the rest of the fiscal year, I don’t know if you kind of gave us directionally for the quarters, maybe give us any insight you have there, and maybe your outlook for the fourth quarter.
Mike Tucci: Really importantly on the factory side, what’s driving factory and the significant margin improvement in factory is mix where we are back to historical levels of 80% penetration in made for factory goods. Remember at this time last year we were peeking in the level of delete activity in our stores as we were clearing through excess inventory.  That situation no longer exists. The promotional cadence in factory is absolutely flat to last year. We’re trying some different methodology, it is a promotional channel. Its what drives traffic and drives purchase, that’s where we play and we will continue to do so so that value proposition within the factory channels, we have stated and will be committed to a very, very strong and value oriented experience for our consumer there and we see that carrying through Q4 and the tactics we will lever those tactics as we need to.
Mike Devine : And to build off of Lew’s earlier point, we want to bridge you down to operating income here and the expansion of the gross margin coupled with the increased productivity is driving operating margin expansion that’s driving earnings at an accelerated pace. The factory division itself actually, four-wall contribution is up 100’s of basis points year over year.
Michael Binetti – UBS : Could you try to quantify any kind of calendar shift in the third quarter as well as whether we should expect one for our models into the fourth quarter.
Mike Tucci: There really was no calendar shift in the third quarter. The way we report, the Easter shift had no bearing between Q3 and Q4 so we feel very good about April and how the fourth quarter shapes up. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you for all your questions today, as we draw towards the open of the market, I’m going to turn this back over to Lew for a few closing remarks. 
Lew Frankfort : Thank you Andrea, first our results speak for themselves, its pretty self evident you can tell also by our enthusiasm regarding our outlook that we do feel that we have reached another inflection point for Coach, so I would just say stay tuned. Have a good day everybody.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-01-20 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Lew Frankfort – CEO Mike Devine – CFO Mike Tucci – President North American Retail Andrea Shaw Resnick – SVP IR  
Analysts:  Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup Adrianne Shapira – Goldman Sachs Lorraine Hutchinson – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Michelle Clark – Morgan Stanley Neely Tamminga – Piper Jaffray Christine Chen - Needham & Company David Schick – Stifel Nicolaus Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Randy Konik – Jefferies & Co. Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Coach conference call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. With me to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO, and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Mike Tucci, President of North American Retail, is also joining us.  Before we begin we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements including projections for our business in the current and future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions.  Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences or control costs. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2010 results and will also discuss our strategies going forward.  Mike Tucci will review the holiday season from a US retail perspective and discuss key initiatives for the spring season ahead. Mike Devine will continue with details on financial and operational highlights of the quarter. Following that we will hold a question and answer session that will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Lew will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I’d now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman, and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks Andrea, and welcome everyone. As noted in our release this morning we were very pleased with our holiday results including strong sales and earnings growth and the return to positive comparable store sales in our North American retail business where trends improved through the quarter. Our performance clearly demonstrates the traction of the product and pricing strategies we put into place and bodes well for future growth. Beyond the top line we were also very pleased with our high levels of profitability and substantial cash generation in the quarter.  Its important to note that we achieved these results despite the challenging retail environment. The consumer in North America remains cautious. She is more value conscious than ever. Fortunately our multi channel distribution model is diversified and includes substantial factory store, and international businesses.  The strength of our consumer franchise, flexible business model, and strong balance sheet gives us the ability to adapt our strategies to make the right decisions for the long-term. As we continue to emerge from this downturn we are well situated to build upon our leadership position and continue to gain market share as a growth company.  While I will get into further detail about current conditions and the outlook for the category and our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some key highlights of our second fiscal quarter were, first earnings per share rose 12% to $0.75 compared with $0.67 in the prior year.  Second, quarterly net sales exceeded $1 billion for the first time and totaled nearly $1.1 billion versus $960 million a year ago; an increase of 11%. Third, directed consumer sales rose 14% to $934 million from $818 million in the prior year on a comparable basis.  Fourth, North American same store sales for the quarter accelerated rising 3% from prior year while total North American store sales rose 16%. And fifth, sales in Japan declined 2% in constant currency and rose 7% in dollars. And finally, we continued to generate very strong sales growth and significant double-digit comps in China.  During the quarter we opened three North American retail stores including two in new markets for Coach; London, Ontario in Canada, and Canton, Ohio, as well as two factory stores. Thus at the end of the period there are 343 full priced and 118 factory stores in operation in North America.  Moving to Japan, one location was added. At quarter end there are 163 total locations in Japan with 20 full price stores including eight flagships, 115 shop in shops, 23 factory stores, and five distributor operated locations.  And in China we added four new locations, three on the mainland and one in Hong Kong. At quarter end there were 37 Coach locations in China including 10 in Hong Kong, two in Macau, and 25 locations on the mainland in 10 cities. As we’ve discussed previously we are building a multi channel distribution model in China including flagships, retail stores, shop in shops, and factory stores.  Indirect sales decreased 8% to $131 million from $143 million in the same period last year. This decline was primarily due reduced shipments into US department stores. We continue to tightly manage inventories into the channel given sales levels at POS which declined 22% for the quarter as discounting in the channel continued and Coach was generally excluded from these sales.  As in Q1 we were pleased with the trends in full price sell through in this channel while there was less product available for clearance. International POS sales rose modestly in the period driven by distribution.  We estimate that the addressable US handbag and accessory category declined only slightly, between zero and 5% in the fourth calendar quarter. An improvement over the 5% to 10% decline in the prior quarter and a 10% to 15% decline experienced in the first half of the calendar year.  At the same time Coach’s bag and accessory sales rose about 3% across all channels in North America over the most recent quarter. In our own stores handbag and accessory sales rose 18%. Separately, its worth noting that we’ve seen continued modest improvement in our customers’ outlook for the economy. Her intentions to purchase Coach over the next year is significantly higher than where it was a year ago. Our total revenues in North America rose at the same pace as our overall top line, up 11%, with our directly operated stores up 16% driven by both distribution growth and positive comp performance. As noted Q2 same store sales rose 3% marking an inflection point in our total North American retail business. As expected our trend improved through the quarter with December our strongest month. Fueling these comp results was significant gains in conversion from prior year offset in part by lower traffic. We were particularly pleased with this improvement as conversion is the driver that we have the most control over through product and service, which Mike Tucci will discuss in more detail in just a moment. In full price stores, average transaction size was modestly lower compared to prior year as increased handbag penetration offset most of the impact of lower AUR, while traffic trends held at Q1 levels. In factory where we continued to leverage the flexibility inherent in our business model to drive sales through pricing we saw increases in all comp metrics. Its important to note that our factory store growth continued to be driven by increased spending of factory channel loyal Coach shoppers and by new consumers entering the Coach franchise.  As noted in Japan we posted a 7% increase in dollars on the 2% decline in constant currency. Our market share further expanded against a very weak category backdrop. Our growth in market share in this very tough Japanese environment reflects the relevance of our accessible luxury positioning with the Japanese consumer who is becoming more value oriented.  Finally, we were very pleased with our performance in China where our brand is clearly taking hold with consumers both domestically and mainland China and with millions of Chinese who are travelling notably to Hong Kong and globally.  Coach’s potential in the China market is reflected in our very low unaided awareness of 8% compared with 72% in the US and 63% in Japan among target consumers. What we also learned last fall through our market research is that the Chinese consumer loves Coach.  She rates us highly on all of the attributes she values such as fashion, sophistication, quality, and value and as our awareness increases her future purchase intent is holding among those who have not yet purchased Coach. And among existing Coach China consumers, repurchase intent is surprisingly high at 94%, a higher level than we’ve experienced in the US or Japan. Lastly and perhaps most importantly our significant double-digit comp store sales growth further demonstrates Coach’s great potential with this emerging consumer group. While Mike Devine will get into more detail on our financials and of course I will discuss our outlook in some detail, I wanted to give you this recap.  Now I’ll turn it over to Mike Tucci to discuss our North American retail business. 
Mike Tucci : Thanks Lew, and good morning. Today I’d like to review the holiday season touching on the three main areas of our North American business; product and pricing, marketing, and stores. First product and pricing, during the quarter as always we offered a high level of fashion innovation and distinctive newness, as well as a diversified assortment of product to fit a wide range of customer preferences for self-purchase and gifts.  The two lead collections for holiday were Madison, which was relaunched in October with new styles and colors, and Poppy, where we added new novelty prints and colors in October and December. Taken together and as planned, these collections represented nearly 50% of full price store sales and targeted a broad array of consumer attitudes.  We were also pleased with Brooke, our lead collection for fall and with Alex, a fun group of totes introduced in December at compelling price points. Within handbags the key business driver was Maggie, while Madison wallets dominated within the accessories category.  Wristlets and swing packs were also important this holiday as they represented great gifts. We continued to realize improvement in overall handbag and money piece trends during the quarter. We’re also excited about the new Peyton collection which launched on December 26 and is off to a great start. And later this week, we’re relaunching Poppy in a fresh color pallet featuring new silhouettes as well.  Building on the success of our price rebalancing strategy which rolled out in July, we offered more handbags choices in the $200 to $300 range in our retail stores. This resulted in increased penetration of handbags to 54% of full price store sales from 51% last year.  Additionally we saw further improvement in average store handbag unit sales during Q2 driven by gains in conversion rates over last year. We believe the conversion improvement this quarter is a strong indicator that our product pricing and service efforts are taking hold with our consumers. On the factory side our business remained strong. Here we are focused on maintaining very high levels of productivity through the introduction of innovative factory exclusive product combined with in store and direct marketing initiatives targeted at our best factory customers.  Of particular note in our factory business was a higher penetration of factory exclusive product which resulted in improved profitability in this channel. Its also important to note that we manage our North American store business in aggregate. As such we will continue to fine-tune our marketing and promotional levels to maximize the long-term returns of both channels while maintaining the integrity of our full price proposition in retail stores.  Moving to marketing, we drove considerable brand interest along with web and store traffic through our digital strategy. Our more traditional outreach included a gift with purchase, magazine inserts, newspaper advertising, and in store visual enhancements, all of which continued to support Coach as a gift-giving destination.  We introduced an online gifting application that was interactive and fun suggesting a focused assortment of gift ideas for everyone on your list. Not only was it present on our own website but we launched it on our first iPhone application and through Facebook. In fact Facebook continues to provide us with a dynamic platform to communicate targeted and relevant messages to over a half a million of our highly engaged fans. We launched on Twitter in early October and now have over 200,000 followers there.  And lastly moving to our stores, as Lew mentioned we opened 13 new retail stores in the first half of fiscal year 2010, including 10 in new markets for the brand and on average, they’re generating annualized volumes of about 1.7 million. All of these new stores are very profitable and operate at high levels of productivity.  As discussed our FY10 emphasis will continue to be on new markets for Coach, along with Canada, where we’ve seen very strong results and are significantly under penetrated with only 18 retail stores today. With that, I’ll turn it back to Lew for a discussion of our over arching strategies and opportunities for growth. 
Lew Frankfort : Thanks Mike, our strategies remain largely unchanged focusing on the expansion opportunities both here in North America and increasingly in international markets. In addition as always we’re focused on improving performance in existing stores by increasing Coach’s share of our consumers’ accessories wardrobe while continuing to attract new customers into the franchise.  Starting in North America we will open an additional seven stores in the back half of 2010 bringing the total to 20 new North American retail stores for the year. In addition we’ll open three new factory stores. In total we expect North American square footage growth of about 9%, down from about 13% last year.  In China we expect to open about seven additional locations in the second half of the year including our first flagship on the mainland bringing us to 15 new locations for the year, resulting in about 50% growth in square footage.  Its important to note that we find landlords and department store owners are eager to embrace Coach and we’re having no problem whatsoever in finding locations that are viable today in a country where 125 cities have a population of one million or more. That compares with 50 cities in the US.  Given the faster market growth than expected, we’re accelerating our growth strategies in China and are in the process of revising our long-range plans substantially higher. In Japan this year, we now expect to open about seven net new locations including a few men’s shops. In total we would expect our square footage growth in Japan will increase by about 5% this year compared to about 8% in FY09. During the first half of FY10 we opened a net of 12 international wholesale locations with a net of about 13 additional locations planned during the second half, that would take us to about 25 net new international distributor operated locations this year primarily focused on Asia. Thus across all geographies and channels we plan to grow our square footage by about 9% this year, modestly below the 11% distribution growth last year, primarily due to opening fewer new stores in North America.  In summary, our holiday performance bodes well for the future and we’re confident that we will continue to deliver healthy sales and earnings growth over the balance of the fiscal year despite a weak consumer backdrop. Importantly our January results [inaudible] the trend that we saw last quarter where the consumer was responding well to innovation, notably our new Peyton collection at a wide range of prices.  We’re well positioned for the new normal and expect to further expand our North American market share irrespective of category growth. We will leverage the abundant opportunities available to us both domestically and internationally as we become and increasingly global brand.  At this point I’d like to turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further detail on our financials. 
Mike Devine : Thank you Lew, Lew and Mike Tucci have just taken you through the highlights and strategies, let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our second quarter results.  As mentioned our quarterly revenues rose 11% but direct to consumer which represents over three quarters of our business, up 14% and indirect down 8% due to lower shipments to US department stores.  Earnings per share increased 12% to $0.75 as compared to $0.67 in the year ago period as net income rose to $241 million from $217 million. Our operating income totaled $381 million in the second quarter, up 9% from $348 million in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 35.8% of sales compared to 36.3% in the year ago period.  In the second quarter gross profit rose 11% to $771 million from $692 million a year ago and gross margin rate increased to 72.4% versus 72.1% in the prior year. The primarily driver of our gross margin expansion was the reengineering of our product collections that resulted in lower average costs.  These sourcing costs improvements more than offset continued high levels of promotional activity in factory stores, lower AURs in full price, and channel mix. As expected SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales rose from prior year levels in the second quarter and represented 36.6% of sales versus 35.8%.  Its important to note that the prior year’s quarter benefited from significant accrual reversals for bonuses in the headquarters’ rent. If you were to exclude these items from the year ago period, we did achieve expense leverage in Q2.  Once again our two primary direct businesses here in North America and Japan, both provided leverage, not only to their own P&L’s but also to the corporate P&L. Inventory levels at quarter end were $269 million, down about 30% from prior year on a comparable basis. On a unit basis, inventory was down only 15% reflecting our lower average unit costs.  As I’m sure you all remember we exited holiday last year with a significantly higher inventory position than planned, and Q2 FY08. If you do a two-year inventory compare, we were essentially flat with December of calendar 2007 levels.  Cash and short-term investments stood at $1.1 billion, as compared with $424 million a year ago despite repurchases of $350 million worth of Coach common stock over the last 12 months. During the second quarter we resumed our purchase activity spending $300 million buying nearly 8.6 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $35.03.  As of the end of the period $410 million remained available under the current repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the second quarter was $364 million compared to $256 million last year during Q2. Free cash flow in the second quarter was an inflow of $346 million versus $120 million in the same period last year due to lower CapEx and higher net income and working capital items.  Our CapEx spending was $17 million versus $130 million in the same quarter a year ago which was driven by the purchase of our corporate headquarters for a total second quarter 2009 cash outlay of $91 million.  Naturally we were very pleased to report second quarter earnings that showed both substantial sequential improvement from the first quarter and demonstrated our ability to achieve strong top and bottom line growth.  So taking a look ahead I think it would be helpful for you modelers out there to keep a few things in mind when projecting the balance of the year. First, our gross margin rate is likely to stay at or just above 72% and above last year’s second half levels. Though we would note that Q3 will likely be higher than Q4 due to channel mix as factory will be distorted in the 14-week fourth quarter.  Second, as a result of our sales productivity gains and our ongoing operating efficiencies, we now expect that our SG&A dollar growth will be quite close to our top line growth for the balance of FY10. We are targeting these levels in spite of more difficult compares from last year’s second half.  This represents an improvement to the modest de leverage we were forecasting last quarter. And finally, our tax rate is likely to remain in the area of 37% for the year as we noted on our last two earnings calls.  Separately, I did want to reiterate that based on our plans for FY10 we continue to expect that CapEx will be in the area of $110 million. Before we open it up for Q&A, I wanted to echo Lew’s earlier words. Our January results have shown a continuation of the trend that we saw last quarter with the consumer responding well to our product innovation.  And again I wanted to reiterate, the second quarter of FY10 was an extremely important quarter for Coach where we resumed strong top and bottom line growth. Clearly our holiday results bode well for the future and we’re confident that we’ll continue to deliver healthy sales, and earnings gains over the balance of the fiscal year despite the weak retail environment. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you everyone, we would now like to open it up for Q&A. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital
Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital: I guess when you look at the results for this quarter that you just reported, can you elaborate a little bit more in terms of how you’re feeling about the back half of the year, the drivers for the back half of this fiscal year for you and just had one clarification question, I think you said that traffic in full price was the same as it was in the first quarter, can you talk about how it was year over year. 
Mike Tucci : You’ll remember that in Q1 we saw an inflection in traffic, an improvement in full price from rates coming out of Q4. That was significant. What we saw in Q2 was that we held that improvement through the quarter and on a positive note, we’re able to convert better on that traffic improvement. While it was down year over year, we got positive conversions which led to an improved performance in comps in full price in the quarter. 
Lew Frankfort : And with regard to the second half, we feel very good about our prospects. I mentioned the trends that we experienced in the quarter continued through January. We are managing our business in a very balanced way and fortunately as I said earlier we do have a multi channel distribution model that’s diversified and it gives us a great deal of flexibility.  When we couple that with our very strong consumer franchise we believe that the growth that we achieved last quarter is a reflection that we have a lot of runway ahead of us, both here and North America and internationally and we will continue to perform as a growth company. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup
Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup: I was hoping you could talk about how quickly you think you could ramp up growth in China. Do you think it could be meaningful to your fiscal 2011 results. And I just had a clarification, if you could just help us, the relative magnitude of the items in the gross margin line, that would be helpful.
Lew Frankfort : The first part of the question relates to whether we believe our China could be meaningful in FY11 to our results, the answer is yes and we’re ramping up as rapidly as we can. We’re very focused on the in store experience. Building a franchise requires us not only to have great product and beautiful stores but excellent service so we’re focusing on strengthening the knowledge of our sales associates and our teams so that they can really convey the DNA of our brand in a way that will continue to encourage 94% of those who purchased previously to continue to return. So we’re ramping up new stores. We’re focusing on staff knowledge, operating protocols and the like and we will, as I mentioned earlier, we are in the midst of revising our numbers upward. 
Mike Devine : Let me firstly take advantage to build off of Lew’s comments about China, what we’ll also see in terms of performance in FY11 versus FY10 is more rapid expansion of the bottom line as we’ve talked about since we opened the business there by buying out Imaginex last year, the first couple of years were going to be investment years and we feel very good that FY11 will be a year of profitability for Coach China.  So now shifting to your gross margin rate question the sourcing cost improvements and the product reengineering that was so key to the work done here by our design groups, our merchandising groups and certainly our operations folks is far and away the most powerful delivering about 200 basis points of year over year gross margin rate improvement which fortunately offset continued higher levels of promotions in the factory channel. Now remember we talked last year that we ramped up our promotional levels Black Friday forward so we’re now, we anniversaried if you will, half a quarter of the highest level of promotional activity, we would expect promotional activity the back half of the year to be about flat to what it was in FY09. And then the other offset was the additional channel mix so the combination of promotional activity higher than last year and further but more modest channel mix deterioration were above a point, the difference being the 30-point gross margin rate improvement that we saw year over year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira – Goldman Sachs
Adrianne Shapira – Goldman Sachs: You had mentioned that comps kind of improved through the quarter with December comps being the best, perhaps you could shed some light in terms of the cadence of monthly comps through the quarter and your comments that January kind of running better, is that sort of the comparable level of December or sort of overall quarter. And then just talking about that handbag penetration, it looks like we’ve seen sort of sequential dip from 57 to 54%, so help us think about what’s the right target and how do we read that in terms of the customer response to your new center of gravity in the $200 to $300 level. 
Lew Frankfort : With regard to the first part of the question we manage our business with a long-term in mind and we moved away from providing monthly comps because we didn’t think that was a productive metric in terms of the way in which we see our business which of course is a multi channel international business. So to answer your question with a general response, we feel very good about our outlook for this quarter and January trends reflect a continued strong performance within our full price stores as well as our factory stores. 
Mike Tucci : On the handbag penetration in full price, actually the 54 is a very healthy number showing a nice improvement over last year’s level. I just want to clarify handbag penetration in Q2 is historically lower on an absolute basis given the size of our accessory business so the rate of improvement was roughly, it was similar to what we saw in Q1 and importantly we saw significant handbag unit comp at an average store level in the quarter which I think was a big part of our conversion improvement within that. 
Lew Frankfort : The only thing I’d like to add to your questions around comps what we would like to do, direct our analysts to look at our overall global business and our top line growth whether its in North America or globally because what it really reflects is that we have two vectors for growth.  One is distribution and one is same store productivity and we have enormous runway ahead of us so we feel very, very good. We do not manage our business to achieve the maximum comp that we can in any particular month or quarter. Again we manage it for the long-term in the context of building a lasting franchise. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lorraine Hutchinson – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Lorraine Hutchinson – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Was just hoping to get an update on your strategy for Japan going forward and any plans to try to reinvigorate that business, what you’re expecting for square footage over the longer-term and how you’re feeling about that market in general. 
Lew Frankfort : First when we talk about reinvigorating our business, our business on a relative basis in Japan is terrific. The market has declined 15% to 20% this year with the consumer continuing to be more value oriented and our business effectively [inaudible] so our market share has grown 15% to 20%.  When we look at our underlying metrics in terms of consumers’ attitudes towards Coach they have never been better. So we feel very good about our business within this very challenging market. At the same time we do believe there’s an opportunity long-term to drive the men’s business and our team is focused on that.  If you visit our stores today particularly our larger stores, you’ll see a very strong men’s presence and we’re doing very well in the men’s area. Further we believe that there is an opportunity over time to develop Poppy stores in a new channel such as train stations that may only be a handful of stores, we don’t know yet.  However what we can say in general is that our team is strong and our business is very strong in a challenging market. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michelle Clark – Morgan Stanley
Michelle Clark – Morgan Stanley: I was hoping you could give us some additional detail on the unusual expense items from the second quarter of last year and then secondly obviously you’re continuing to benefit from lower product costs benefiting your gross margin rate, how should we be thinking about product costs for the back half of the year. 
Mike Devine : I was hoping I wouldn’t have to talk about it again, but the big Q2 item last year of course was when calendar 2009 proved to be the Christmas that never came. It put us in a position to realize that we would not be paying significant financial bonuses so in Q2, we had a big single reversal that we talked about, it was actually in our 10-Q and I think Andrea and I have talked about it over the last couple of quarters as well.  So you could refer back to that. It was a significant reversal. That coupled with the fact that we bought the corporate headquarters building in Q2 and we had some straight line rent accruals that we were able to release put more than $20 million of good news to the SG&A line in Q2 of last year which we just anniversaried and so if you were to do the math and adjust that out, you’d actually see that we did gain SG&A leverage this Q2 and so we’re feeling quite good about that.  Now that being said, we’re going up against some pretty significant headwinds now for the second half of the year. Not only did we reverse what we had accrued in Q2, in the back half we didn’t record additional bonuses and our plans are to do that this year. So that will be a negative compare. We also as you remember put a number of saving initiatives in place during Q3 of last year. We took a reduction in force, among many other activities. And lastly we’re looking to ramp our investment opportunities to make sure that we can deliver balanced strong top and bottom line growth for the years to come.  So the SG&A compares will get a little more challenging for the back half but as we shared in the prepared remarks with the businesses operating as effectively as they are the direct businesses turning out leverage both to their own P&L’s and to the corporate P&L, the centralized core corporate functions of design, distribution, administration, marketing, etc. as you’ll see when the Q comes out we delivered about a point of leverage from those areas in Q2.  The big traditional parts of our business are operating extremely effectively so we now believe that that can offset some of the investment spending and some of the savings headwinds that we see in the back half of the year. So we’re feeling very good about where SG&A leverage will come in. In terms of product costs, we would expect to see similar types of savings that we just experienced in Q2 in the back half of the year.  Some of the difference will be channel mix will once again continue to moderate, not be as big a negative drag as it had been in prior quarters and also we’ll look to have promotional levels in the factory channel that are very close to back half levels of last year versus a negative compare in the first two quarters of this year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Neely Tamminga – Piper Jaffray
Neely Tamminga – Piper Jaffray: Just a question here on some products, just getting a sense here in terms of timing of Hamptons relaunch in the spring, which quarter would that really fall in and then maybe could you dissect for us a little bit on Poppy, that’s just in stores and actually online right now, as well as Hamptons, the balance of the price points. I think its my imagination potentially but are you taking the price points of Poppy up a little bit in terms of the balance of the price points. If you could talk through that a little bit for the second half of this year. 
Mike Tucci : Can you just clarify I think when you’re speaking to Hamptons, do you mean Madison because is not really a full price proposition at this point, it’s a factory proposition. 
Neely Tamminga – Piper Jaffray: Yes I think so. You’re doing a major launch in spring, is that right. 
Mike Tucci : We’re actually, let me just give you some highlights for our spring product flow within in full price and then I can speak to factory, it’s a good opportunity just to get some depth out there around product. One is in full price, actually today online and Friday in stores we relaunched Poppy very completely from a product assortment standpoint including a new style there.  We do see some opportunity in Poppy more broadly to offer more varied price points to build on the success of 198 in handbags, but to broaden that up the spectrum and you’ll see us really concentrate on that in the back half of the year and as we get into Q1 of next year to anniversary.  On the Madison side of the business we also have a very strong lineup for the back half. There’s a significant refresh of Madison hitting the stores this weekend and what we found really importantly is that we’ve built a new base in full price on product anchored by Madison, a little bit more modern, contemporary, higher price points, and then on the other end of the spectrum Poppy which is more of a youthful and introductory price offer and we fill in the middle with what we would call Coach classics like a Brooke, or a Peyton which is in the stores today and importantly as we launch [Kristan] later this spring which we think will be a very dominant flow for us in March.  On the factory side of the business what we’ve done is we’ve built a base around Hamptons and Soho and that was really our full price base from several years back and there we see the opportunity to restore levels of made for factory penetrations and I want to be clear that as we entered the back half of last year we went in with a significant burden to liquidate unsold inventory in our factory channel.  We will not anniversary that this year which will provide us a much more balanced and healthy platform, potential margin improvement, and balancing our sales growth with a very different mix of goods. So we feel good about our product lineup in both channels and the anchors of Madison and Poppy will continue in full price [straight through]. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Chen - Needham & Company
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: Just wanted to ask your sharper pricing clearly has been successful, have you thought about skewing the mix towards even a greater than 50% penetration and then can you talk about the penetration of factory exclusive, you said it was up, just wondering if you could give a number around that. 
Mike Tucci : Sure, on the pricing strategy we really believe that we’ve hit the right balance. There’s a lot of fine-tuning that we’re realizing and as we get more experience, more data, and we see conversion rates improve, we believe that the balance in mix is a driver of that. I think if I, looking back in hindsight in the quarter the opportunity that we see is to use some of the performance in handbag unit sales as a way to drive investments going forward. And taking somewhat more of an aggressive approach on certain key items in the mix to deliver higher returns is more of an opportunity than tweaking our pricing strategy which we’re very pleased with at this point. We think we’ve found a sustainable level going forward.  In factory the opportunity there is to return to made for factory rates in the 75%-ish range, 70 to 80% is very much doable in the back half and a much lower level of clearance activity in our factory stores gives us a significant amount of pricing flexibility and allows us to leverage some of the cost benefits that we built into the business. 
Lew Frankfort : And for those of you less familiar with Coach than others, when Mike or we refer to clearance, we’re talking clearance of full price products. We do not go on sale in our full price stores and as a result when we discontinue product any remaining inventory is eventually sold in our factory stores. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Schick – Stifel Nicolaus
David Schick – Stifel Nicolaus: Just a quick question, you talked a little bit about inventory managed back to 2007 levels and the number was quite low where you finished anyway, do you feel that the low inventory held you back in any categories, lines, etc. 
Mike Devine : No we feel really good about our inventory position and that’s why I called out in the prepared remarks that the compares against last December numbers is probably not the best compare. I mentioned already with the Christmas that never came and we were in over inventory position at the end of last December and so to have units down only 15% from that level, feels very healthy to us. Our supply chain is as usual operating at peak efficiency, the merchants across the business identifying opportunities and we’re well positioned to chase products. So we feel inventory levels are right where we need them to be. 
David Schick – Stifel Nicolaus: And I know you don’t want to talk about months and shorter-term trends but you’ve talked in broad terms about mid single-digit comp for the business on the long-term, would you care to just sort of talk about that as your long-term planning once again.
Lew Frankfort : We haven’t talked about mid single-digit comps for a while and actually Andrea reminded me today that this is the first positive comp we had in five quarters. We do feel as we move out of the recession that we will be able to realize double-digit top line growth, double-digit bottom line growth and we should be able to achieve low to mid single-digit comps on a continuing basis. If we get some wind at our backs, it could be higher. If the recession worsens, it could be lower. Again we pace ourselves and our concern was most of all with the developments of our franchise. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel: Congratulations on a great quarter, you talked about moderating channel mix, as we go forward, it seems like the distance between the factory and full price comp has narrowed, did less clearance impact your factory business and how should we think about that going forward as a factor that will impact the factory comp, also how should we think about the product pipeline as it will impact that factory comp. 
Mike Tucci : What I would say is that the factory opportunity is one of balance and while we generated growth last year with a higher level of clearance activity our projection and the way we’re buying the business going forward is to generate balanced growth this year with a different composition of inventory and a more dominant mix of made for factory product.  Its actually a much more flexible and productive way to run the business without that overhang burden of clearance. So we feel good as we’re positioned going into the back half. I do think its important to understand that there’s a balance here between sales growth and margin and profit growth and that we actually see and opportunity here to really manage our business for the long run and find a way to produce productivity gains in factory but also leverage margin opportunities so we can make more money and bring more profit to the bottom line.  In terms of the pipeline, we’ve done a really nice job, the teams have really worked hard through the second quarter based on our trends and into opening up Q3 to accelerate receipts in the pipeline. We’ve spent a lot of time on forecasting and carving our production needs with our supply chain and we’ve gone in, particularly in late Q3 and Q4 and we’ve been able to secure additional production in factory inventory to cover sales in the back half which we feel will allow us to go into our factory peak season, the summer season, in very good shape from an inventory standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Randy Konik – Jefferies & Co.
Randy Konik – Jefferies & Co.: A quick question on China, can you talk about positioning of the Coach brand within the Chinese luxury market, maybe just compare how that compares to markets in the US and Japan. 
Lew Frankfort : Briefly we position ourselves as an authentic quality New York fashion brand, and each of the words mean something so when we talk about authentic, we have deep roots. Our quality talks to workmanship and materials. New York talks to spirit and verve and when we talk to fashion it talks to relevance and that positioning resonates extremely well with our target Chinese consumer particularly because she is cosmopolitan.  And through the internet, media, movies, and the like, she sees herself as a citizen of the world and does love New York. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you talk a little bit about the expense impact of China and read and also the benefit of online to sales growth and margin impact there, and just lastly have you seen any of the Japanese consumers spending abroad given the strong yen maybe in Hawaii or Korea or anything like that. 
Lew Frankfort : A few things on the Japanese consumer, first she’s travelling less and second she’s spending less while she’s travelling and, which is a reflection of the general situation in Japan. Now having said that we do have a very robust business as you well know with Japanese travelers and we expect that to continue.  The big unlock for us is the opportunity from Chinese travelers and we’re finding any offsets that we’re experiencing, any losses that we’re experiencing from reductions in Japanese sales from international travelers more than offset by increases from Chinese travelers. 
Mike Devine : I think your first question was about the investment spending we’re doing in Coach China and RK, we don’t have any new projections for you. Said differently I think we’re going to land about where we’ve been talking about all year long which is that the two taken together will be about a $0.04 to $0.05 impact to our fiscal year 2010. Of course as we get later in the year and China gains momentum and we get closer to the launch of the RK brand, we’re going to see the pendulum swing I guess a little bit where China will be working its way to profitability and our spending levels will increase in RK as we get ready for launch.  In terms, and the other question about the additional Japanese travelers, Mike sees the Japanese travelers visit his stores here in the US and I think the other question was about dot com, maybe I could ask him to take those two. 
Mike Tucci : Just on the tourism idea more broadly we are seeing some health in what I would call very dominant tourist markets, New York City, Vegas, Hawaii, so we’re digging into that to see what that’s about and see how that trend sort of unfolds going forward.  On the digital side with our dot com business we actually see it as our most pure channel and interestingly we had a very nice quarter there and very significant rate of improvement in the business. Very, very strong traffic there and in particular what we are pleased with is that we got a very nice response to our email strategy within the quarter. Demand sales from emails was actually up nicely in the quarter and that helped us we believe to get some of our pricing message out, to get our positioning message out, potentially drive awareness and get a longer view in terms of driving traffic into our stores. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick:  Thank you everybody for joining us for our Q&A. I’m going to turn this over to Lew for some closing remarks. 
Lew Frankfort : I’d like to just briefly make a few comments. Clearly there’s a lot of questions around margin, around comps, around outlook, around China growth, and the bottom line is that we feel excellent about our prospects. The quarter that we experienced and the trends in January with rejuvenated growth gives us confidence that our growth model is in tact.  And we just say stay tuned and we’re going to continue to work the business and we will report it to you accordingly. Have a good day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-10-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO Mike Devine - CFO Mike Tucci - President North American Retail
Analysts: Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup Analyst for Loraine Hutchinson – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black and Assoc. Neely Tamminga – Piper Jaffray Christine Chen - Needham & Company Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Erwan Rambourg - HSBC Laura Champine – Cowen Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research
Operator: Welcome to the Coach conference call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO, and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Mike Tucci, President of North American Retail, is also joining us. Before we begin we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward looking statements including projections for our business in the current and future quarters and fiscal year. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences or control costs. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our fiscal quarter 2010 results and will discuss our strategies going forward. Mike Tucci will review our key initiatives for the holiday season. Mike Devine will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter. Following that we will hold a question and answer session that will end shortly before 9:00 a.m. Lew will then conclude with some brief summary comments. Now I would like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman, and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks Andrea and welcome everyone. As noted in our press release we were pleased to generate quarter sales of slightly above prior year and encouraged by the sequential improvement of our comparable store sales in North America. We experienced strong consumer response to Poppy, supported at its launch by comprehensive new marketing programs. In addition our results reflected the positive impact of our new pricing strategy as we broadened the assortment of handbags in the $200-300 range. Throughout the quarter customers responded well to our innovative, relevant products offered at price points that were particularly compelling. Beyond the top line we were also pleased with our high level profitability and substantial cash generation in Q1 as we continued to invest in our growth initiatives. Despite the economic backdrop and future uncertainties we remain confident in Coach’s durability and growth prospects over our planning horizon. Clearly the opportunities both in North America and abroad, notably in emerging markets are abundant. While I will get into further detail about current conditions and the outlook for the category and our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some highlights from our first fiscal quarter were: First, net sales totaled $761 million versus $753 million a year ago, an increase of 1%. Second, earnings per share totaled $0.44, even with prior year. Third, directed consumer sales rose 10% to $654 million from $592 million in the prior year. Fourth, North American same store sales for the quarter improved sequentially from the fourth quarter, declining 1% from prior year while total North American store sales rose 8% driven by distribution. Fifth, sales in Japan rose 11% in dollars and declined 3% on a constant currency basis as consumer spending remained very weak. Finally, we continued to generate very strong sales growth and significant double digit comps in China. During the quarter we opened 10 North American retail stores including 8 in new markets for Coach. Pensacola, Florida; Midland and Tyler, Texas; Little Rock, Arkansas; Madison, Wisconsin; Charlottesville, Virginia and Kitchener and New Market, both in Ontario, Canada. In addition, we opened five factory stores. At the end of the period there were 340 full price and 116 factory stores in operation in North America. Moving to Japan, two locations were added during the quarter. At quarter end there were 162 total locations in Japan with 20 stand-alone, full price stores including 8 flagships, 114 shop in shops, 23 factory stores and 5 distributor operated locations. Indirect sales which for context now represent about 15% of Coach’s sales on an annualized basis decreased 33% to $180 million from $160 million in the same period last year. This decrease was primarily due to reduced shipments into U.S. department stores where sales declined nearly 30% for the quarter, similar to the first half of the calendar year. Discounting continued at a high level throughout the period while Coach was generally excluded from these promotions. It should be noted, however, that we did see an improving trend over the quarter and overall better full price sell through on lower and cleaner inventory levels. Naturally we will continue to tightly manage inventory into the channel given lower demand. International retail sales rose in the period driven by both comparable location sales and distribution growth. We continued to experience better performance in locations catering to the domestic shopper where we saw significant sales gains than in those locations serving the international tourists where sales rose more modestly. The international domestic consumer represents a sizeable growth opportunity as Coach’s global awareness and presence increases. We estimate that the addressable, U.S. handbag and accessory category declined 5-10% last quarter, an improvement over the 10-15% decline experienced in the first half of the calendar year. At the same time, Coach’s bag sales declined 1% across all channels in North America over the most recent quarter. It is worth noting we have seen a significant improvement in our customer’s outlook for the economy and intention to purchase over the next year. Our total revenues in North America were essentially even with prior year in the quarter, with our directly operated stores up 8% as distribution growth offset the slightly negative comp performance. As noted, Q1 same store sales were down 1% showing sequential improvement from last quarter. Fueling this trend was better traffic and transaction size comparisons from 4Q. Average transaction size in full price was only slightly lower compared to prior year as increased handbag penetration offset lower average unit retail in handbags. In factory, where we continued to leverage the flexibility inherent in our business model to drive sales through pricing, we saw increases in traffic and tickets while conversion levels were maintained. It is important to note that our factory store growth continues to be driven by increased spending of factory channel, loyal Coach shoppers. We have seen no increase in cross channel behaviors. As noted, in Japan we posted an 11% increase in dollars on a 3% decline in constant currency, a sequential improvement from fourth quarter levels. Our market share further expanded against a very weak category backdrop. Coach now holds a 14% Yen share of the Japanese imported accessories market. Our growth in share in the very tough Japanese market reflects the strength and relevance of our accessible luxury positioning with the Japanese consumer who is becoming more discerning and value oriented. Once again, I want to call out China, which is only a very small portion of our total sales to date but is growing rapidly and represents a significant opportunity for Coach. We estimate that the market for imported bags and accessories in China grew by 40% over the last year. During the first quarter we continued to achieve significant double digit comp growth as the Coach brand is taking hold with increasing numbers of consumers, both domestically and mainland China and with many of the Chinese who are traveling to Hong Kong. Our blend of New York fashion and accessible price points is resonating with Chinese shoppers. Coach’s potential in the China market is reflected in our very low, unaided brand awareness at 8% compared to 72% in the U.S. and 63% in Japan among targeted consumers. Similar to our approach in the U.S. and Japan we are building a multi-channel distribution model in China including stand alone stores, shop in shops, department store and factory store locations as the factory outlet market begins to develop. During the last quarter we added five new stores on the mainland, bringing our total Coach China store count to 33 including Hong Kong and Macao. We are also pleased to announce our first flagship location on the mainland scheduled to open next spring in Shanghai. The 7,000 square foot store will reflect Coach’s latest flagship designs. While Mike Devine will get into more details on our financials and of course I will discuss our outlook in some detail, I did want to give you this recap. Mike Tucci as you know has joined us today to discuss our product performance for Q1 and our holiday sales initiatives. Mike?
Mike Tucci : Thanks Lew and good morning. During the first quarter as always we maintained a high level of product innovation and distinctive newness. Clearly the big news in July was Poppy. While Poppy is youthful in attitude, it proved to have broad customer appeal. Presented in a variety of silhouettes and vibrant colors and prints, Poppy offers great value with an average handbag price of about $240. The launch was supported by a comprehensive marketing campaign, utilizing several elements in digital media, including stand alone, flash Poppy websites, email campaigns, Facebook, fashion blogs and targeted online banner to get the word out. The compelling Poppy assortment combined with marketing and press around it drove more traffic into our stores, resulting in a significant improvement in trends from the past few quarters. Poppy will continue to be a key collection throughout FY10, regularly updated with new colors, prints, fabrications and silhouettes. It is also important to note that Poppy was not the only story in Q1. Maggie, a key item concept, was also introduced in July, providing a more sophisticated counterpoint to Poppy. Maggie has evolved and will continue to be important throughout the holiday season as the anchor to our Madison collection. In addition, the product launches that followed over the quarter such as [Trifecta], Garnet and Brook were also well received and further supported our overall handbag rebalancing strategy. Earlier this month we started flowing in our holiday assortment including a pre-launch of the Madison collection and the introduction of new Poppy styles and fabrics. The initial reception has been excellent. You will continue to see a high level of newness over the next few months with updates to Brook and Garnet and a new tote group, Alex, for December. We are also excited about our gifting program highlighted by two new women’s accessories groups, Waverly and Gramercy, which will work across all of our handbag offerings and colorful, fun, Poppy items offered at great price points under $100. In addition, our holiday products will be supported by a significant investment in marketing building on the successful elements from our Poppy launch this summer. We will execute a targeted strategy beginning in mid-November to highlight a powerful gifting message for the holiday shopping season. Our primary focus will be to leverage Coach.com, digital meetings and compelling prints and in-store marketing to drive traffic. While great products supported by creative marketing has and will continue to be key in driving productivity, the consumer is also responding to our new pricing strategy. Starting with Poppy in July we rebalanced our assortment within our current range by increasing the proportion of handbags to prices below $300 from about 30% of the assortment in FY09 to 50% this year. As we have said before, this rebalancing gives the consumer more choices at prices she is willing to pay or is able to afford. As you know, we are designing into this price point, engineering collections that can provide this excellent value and still generate excellent margins. Now that this rebalancing is in place, we have begun to achieve the goals we set out for our North American full price business. These include higher handbag penetrations, now running at about 57% of sales versus 52% a year ago or a 10% increase. As planned, this improvement in merchandise mix favoring handbags has resulted in essentially flat overall average unit retails in our stores. Additionally, we saw an improvement in traffic trends from the very weak levels of the first half of the calendar year. The execution of our strategies resulted in a sequential improvement in retail store performance from Q4 levels. As we move through FY10 our primary focus will continue to be on restoring productivity to our existing full price store base. At the same time, our results in the factor channel remain robust. Here we are focused on maintaining very high levels of productivity through the introduction of innovative, factory exclusive products combined with in-store and direct marketing initiatives targeted at our best factory consumers. It is also important to note that we managed our North American store business in aggregate. As such, we will continue to fine tune our marketing and promotional levels to maximize the long-term returns of both channels while maintaining the integrity of our full price proposition in retail stores. Moving to our stores, as Lew mentioned we opened 10 new retail stores in Q1 and on average they are generating annualized volumes of about $1.6 million. All of the new stores are very profitable and operate at high levels of productivity. As discussed, our FY10 emphasis is on new markets for Coach. I also want to mention we are beginning to explore broader men’s opportunities for the brand both in North America and globally. We will be opening our first men’s stand alone store this spring adjacent to our Bleecker Street store here in New York. We view this concept as a laboratory where we can pilot emerging men’s collections and evolve our merchandising [practice]. Ultimately we will use these learning’s to help refine our global, long-term men’s growth strategy. With that I will turn it back to Lew for a discussion of our overarching strategies and opportunities for growth. Lew?
Lew Frankfort : Thanks Mike. Setting the course for the new normal does not change our long-term strategy although we have sharpened our focus on distribution putting more emphasis on international growth, especially China. At the same time, we are continuing to build market share here in North America and grow our store base although at a slower pace due to the environment. As you know, in FY10 we are opening 20 North American retail stores rather than the 40 we have opened in each of the last two years. In addition, we are focusing on those store segments where we have seen the best relative performance, notably Canada, with six openings planned for this year in new U.S. markets. A total of 14 of this year’s stores are targeted for the New York American market for Coach including the eight new markets opened in Q1. In total we expect North American square footage growth of about 9%, down from 13% last year. In China we expect to open about 15 new locations for this year compared with four net new locations opened last year. To support future growth as mentioned in our press release, we will also open our first Asia Distribution Center in Shanghai before the end of the fiscal year, allowing us to better manage the logistics in this region. With the investments we are making in stores, marketing, organization and infrastructure, we are positioning ourselves to replicate our success in Japan. Moving on to Japan, this year we expect to open about 10 new locations including a few Poppy shops. In addition we will be opening our first new exclusive men’s locations next spring. In total, we expect square footage in Japan will increase by 5% this year compared to 8% last year. This year we plan to open more than 30 new locations in what we call our international wholesale business. In Asian markets such as Korea, Taiwan and Singapore Coach is among the top five brands with significant potential for further strong growth. We have also made considerable headway in the Middle East and expect continued robust performance. Finally, as we grow our brand awareness across new markets, global travelers will increasingly represent a growth opportunity for Coach. At about $4 billion in global sales for fashion and accessories, we believe we can double our share of the global travel retail market from about 4% today to around 8% during our next 4-5 years. Thus, with all geographies and channels we plan to grow our square footage by 9% this year, modestly below the 11% growth last year primarily due to opening fewer new stores in North America. In summary, naturally we are feeling very good about the early success of our FY10 initiatives noting the sequential improvement in our key store productivity metrics in North America and increased handbag penetration which bodes well for Coach. Our [inaudible] results have shown the continuation of the strengthening trends that we saw in Q1 with the consumer responding well to innovation such as our updates to Madison and Poppy at a wide range of price points. In addition, as Mike Tucci, we are well positioned for the holiday season with a broad range of great products at particularly compelling prices. At this time, I will turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further details on our financials. Mike?
Mike Devine : Thank you Lew. Good morning everyone. Lew has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the financial details of our first quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased about 1% with direct consumer, which represents about 85% of our business, up 10% and indirect down 33% primarily due to lower shipments to U.S. department stores. Net income during the quarter totaled $141 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.44. This compares to net income of $146 million and earnings per diluted share also of $0.44 in the prior year’s first quarter. Our operating income totaled $223 million below the $233 million last year while operating margin was 29.3% versus 31% even. We are pleased with these results and our continued high levels of profitability. During the quarter gross profit totaled $550 million versus $558 million a year ago. Our gross margin rate was 72.3% versus 74.2% a year ago. The year-over-year change in rate was a function of promotional activity in factory stores and channel mix with the [store opening] benefits offsetting the impact of sharper pricing. We are particularly pleased with our expense ratio in Q1 as SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales totaled 42.9% compared to 43.1% reported in the year-ago quarter a 20 basis point improvement. As a result of the profitability initiatives put into place over the last few quarters we believe our expense spending strikes the right balance between driving for future growth opportunities and operating our core businesses efficiently. Inventory levels at quarter end were $338 million, 16% below the $402 million reported at the end of last year’s Q1 and essentially even on a two-year basis. This inventory level allows us to support 35 net new North America stores, four net new locations at Coach Japan from the year-ago period as well as our 33 Coach China stores. Cash and short-term investments stood at $995 million as compared with $410 million a year ago. During the first quarter we did not repurchase any shares. Thus, $710 million still remains available under the current repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter were $241 million compared to $76 million last year during Q1. Free cash flow in the first quarter was an inflow of $221 million versus $10 million in the same period last year. Our CapEx spending of $20 million versus $58 million in the same quarter a year ago. It is important to note that based on our current plans for FY10 we expect CapEx will be in the area of about $110 million. As I have already said, we are very happy to report first quarter earnings per share equal with prior year on essentially even sales showing sequential improvement compared to recent quarters. In spite of the continued difficult economic backdrop, our goal for the balance of FY10 is to achieve continued, gradual quarterly improvement versus our FY09 earnings per share results. Coming out of Q1 we believe we are well positioned to achieve this goal. I believe it would be helpful for you modelers out there to keep a few things in mind when looking at the balance of the year. First, our gross margin is likely to stay in the 72% area over the next few quarters versus our previously stated range of 70-72%. Second, while we were able to leverage our expense base in Q1, we would note that similar improvements will become more challenging to achieve as we ramp investments for the RK brand in China and anniversary saving initiatives over the balance of the year. Finally, our tax rate is likely to remain in the area of 37% for the year as we noted on our July call. Before we open it up for Q&A I wanted to reiterate Lew’s earlier comments. Our first quarter results demonstrate Coach’s strength, our resiliency and the flexibility and balance our diversified operating model provides in challenging times such as these. Thank you all for joining us all on our conference call today. Now Lew, Mike Tucci, Andrea and I will be happy to take questions. As Andrea mentioned this will be followed by a brief comment by Lew.
 :
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital.
Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital: I guess I was wondering if you can go into a little bit more about your sales expectations for the second quarter for full year fiscal 2010. How are you thinking about it looking at planning the business? Are you looking at it on a 2-year basis? I guess sort of tying it together with that, do you think the inventory levels will impede continued sales gains given that they are down 16%?
Lew Frankfort : Good questions. First, consistent with what Mike Devine said earlier in reference to our gradual improvement in earnings per share over the prior year for the rest of FY10 we also anticipate modeled increases in sales as we move forward in FY10 from quarter-to-quarter. We are planning conservatively. We have the ability to as you well know to chase inventory and we don’t think it is going to impede sales at all. We have actually a more focused product assortment this year than we did last year; I think our SKU offering is actually down about 15% so inventory is very healthy.
Mike Devine : Let me just build on that or provide another fact. Because of the great sourcing work that our supply chain team has done our average unit cost is actually down about 8% over where it was a year ago so as a result on a unit basis which we think obviously is more important than raw dollars our inventories are down only 8% and above where they were two years ago at the same time. We feel like we are in very good position with our inventories.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup: I had a couple of really brief questions if you will indulge me. Gross margin, Mike I was hoping you could give us a relative magnitude on the gross margin impact of the mix shift versus promos. I am wondering if you can also talk at all about any sort of monthly progress in your North American comps throughout the quarter. Would you care to comment on October month to date? Share repurchases, any intention to re-enter the market on share repurchases?
Mike Tucci : I will take the gross margin question first. For the quarter where we were down year-over-year by about 190 basis points which by the way was a significant closing of the gap. In Q4 I think we were about 550 basis points below the year earlier quarter so we are pleased with where gross margin is landing north of the 72% range we had given. Of that 190 basis points the vast majority of it is increased factory promotions. We had not started our deepest discounting during Q1 of last year. We really took it to its greatest levels during the December quarter and then perpetuated it through the balance of the year and we have carried it into FY10 so we still are seeing negative compares in this quarter from factory discounting. The good news is that we anticipate anniversarying that for Q2 through Q4 for the balance of the year and therefore actually delivering some of the sourcing costs upside as gross margin rate improvement in the factory channel. Our full price we would expect sharp pricing again to be offset by sourcing and that is why we are feeling good about guiding to a 72% range for year-ago which of course represents year-over-year improvement for the back three quarters of the year.
Lew Frankfort : As to the October results, as we mentioned we have seen a continuation of the strengthening trends that we experienced in Q1 with the consumer responding well to our innovation such as the relaunch of Madison and Poppy.
Mike Devine : I will take the question in terms of share repurchase. You know the markets obviously were very volatile during our September quarter. You have seen that we have been big buyers of our stock over the last three years. We spent $2.7 billion in 2007 through 2009 retiring more than 65 million shares. We still have $710 million available to us. So that is still a lever we have available to us as a method of returning cash to our shareholders.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Analyst for Loraine Hutchinson – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Analyst for Loraine Hutchinson – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Could you just provide some color on your SG&A plans for this year? I know improvement in the future will get tougher but do you expect to get leverage? Also how should we think about variable expense impacting operating margins as comps get better?
Lew Frankfort : As I said in the prepared remarks and you picked up on, the compares for the balance of the year will get more challenging. We really thought very differently about our spending in Q1 last year before the holiday sales did not materialize. As we all know, we had challenging top line back three quarters of the year and we took a dramatically different approach to spending Q2 through Q4 of last year so anniversarying those activities will be again more challenging. As an example we took a number of compensation actions, most notably we stopped accruing bonuses in Q2 through the balance of the year and then as we all know we actually had a headcount reduction in Q3. None of those activities were we required to anniversary in Q1. That being said, I am feeling very good about the underlying good news the first quarter represents. Our two primary direct businesses both here in North America and Japan both provided leverage not only to their own P&L but to the corporate P&L as well as we were able to manage our variable expenses in both of those important markets very nimbly, applying labor at just the right levels to maximize conversion and also now as sales move up our percentage of rent in many of our locations will not kick in until we get to higher sales levels. So we are feeling very good. I would project those two large businesses will continue to be able to provide leverage through the balance of the year at low negative comp as we reported in Q1. So we are feeling very good about where we are in SG&A in the main.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black and Assoc.
Jennifer Black – Jennifer Black and Assoc. : I wonder what your response to your CRM event was. Do you see definitive changes in consumer behavior or do you think it is a better product or both? I also wonder with today’s consumer being more discrete how does that affect your brand? For example with the OP art versus one of your solid, beautiful, patent bags. Does it vary by age as far as how discrete she is?
Lew Frankfort : In regard to our CRM initiatives, a good portion of them have been focused in recent months on our factory channel which as you know we are able to use promotional leverage to help pull people into our factory stores. They have worked very well because the factory consumer wants to buy a brand, Coach, however at an excellent value. What we have found with regard to our product, our product has been extremely important both in factory and especially in full price. Our consumers have embraced our new offerings. I think it is a function of great products at especially compelling prices. So a cautious consumer feels really wonderful when they actually pick up the bags and see for instance in the case of Poppy a price point for a full size bag at $198. Now with regard to our consumer preferences whether it is for OP art or patent leather what we have found is a high level of interest in novelty. Consumers are looking for cheery products. They are looking for bright products to help complement their wardrobe. We have seen a real increase in our sell through of novelty and we are well positioned for the holiday season in that arena.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Neely Tamminga – Piper Jaffray.
Neely Tamminga – Piper Jaffray: Just one clarification and then just a general question on directional expectation for retail average ticket. If we have kind of gone through the tougher compares and obviously the comps have eased considerably, just remind us what the composition of that comp was last year and how you would expect either AUR or average ticket to compare in the Q2 period. Then one clarification, SG&A are you looking for like a low single digit on the year increase in dollars? That would be really helpful for the modelers.
Mike Tucci : I will speak to the handbag average retail unit performance and to give you a basis or a foundation our average unit retail on handbags for Q1 was $290 this year, down about 14% from the prior year and right where we targeted it from a performance standpoint. Our expectations as we move into Q2 will be to hold average unit retail in handbags at roughly those levels and to continue to focus on increasing the number of handbag units sold at an average store rate which we did achieve in Q1. To take our productivity improvement through increased penetration of handbags, all of those drivers and metrics are the foundation of our plan for Q2 and beyond. We see that playing out with the assortment that we have put into the stores thus far.
Mike Devine : In terms of your question about SG&A I am going to answer it in another way. What I would say is that we are planning SG&A spending that will be a couple of points above where our top line growth would come. So in spite of the leverage we achieved in Q1 with the modest de-leverage in the back three quarters of the year and for the year in total.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Christine Chen - Needham & Company.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: I just wanted to ask about China. I know you gave the numbers of stores you are opening this year but ultimately how many stores or how many locations rather do you think that market could support? Does the shopper shop differently than the Japanese customer? Can you quantify the contribution in this quarter to sales?
Lew Frankfort : We are just at the tip of the iceberg. The opportunity is extremely large. There are over 125 cities in China with a population more than one million people. I visited just a few weeks ago with my colleagues a number of cities in China, secondary cities, as they are modern, the infrastructure is extremely strong and the emerging professional middle class is embracing imported accessories. Needless to say that Coach is high on her list. It is early days and it is too early to say how large the market can be. We do believe that we have an opportunity for the market to be larger than Japan is today within the next 5-6 years. We are not planning that way but we are ready for the opportunity. You can expect we will see ramping up in the years ahead the number of stores that we are opening from the 15 this year.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: And does that customer buy a specific type of product more than others? Logo versus non-logo?
Lew Frankfort : Very good question. We actually see her as primarily a fashion driven consumer. She likes the same styles and the same shape in the main as consumers both in Japan and in the United States. We are finding very little differentiation in what she is purchasing from us. The only thing I will add is she is [departing] with a bag so she makes her first imported purchase she wants it to be something that can be seen by others and to contain her essentials. We are finding our accessory penetration lower to date but that we expect is because it is a developing market.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel.
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel: My question is related to gross margin stabilization. You are now saying gross margin should remain in the range of 72% versus your prior guidance that was a little bit weaker than that. Can you just talk through how you have been able to impact slipping into some of these lower price points and should we just think about gross margin at that stable 72% rate for the foreseeable future or is there opportunity to go higher over the longer term?
Mike Devine : We feel good about the 72% range for the foreseeable future. There are obviously many variables and we don’t have a crystal ball to predict with perfect clarity. The big levers are going to be the required level of promotional activity in our factory channel and then channel mix. We feel very good that we know what we are going to deliver the product at in terms of the cost and the sourcing initiative has really been very powerful for us. We know they are strong enough to offset the sharper prices for the Poppy collections and others as we rebalance our assortment. In the factory channel really what is going to make the determination as to how much upside there will be will be the level of promotion required to continue to drive traffic and deliver the productivity and enormous operating margins that channel delivers when we deliver top line dollars. Now we have very good vision through FY10 on our cost base. We are also benefiting from the macro economic backdrop in this regard that our raw materials and input costs are at lower levels than we have achieved over time. As the economy turns there will be some inflationary pressures in FY11 so that will cause us to need to continue to be sharp in our products, planning, design and production and sourcing to look to offset those which we feel we have a capability to do.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you talk a little bit about on the factory store side as you transition from full price merchandise in factory to direct and made for factory, how is that going? How are those price points being adjusted? Are lower raw materials, how important are lower raw material prices to the growth in margins you are seeing at 72%?
Mike Devine : On the factory side it is important to note that in Q1 and actually as we look forward through the balance of this year we restored our mix in factory back to a more traditional level of made for factory product in a range of around 75%. It has been lower than that in the back half of last year based on the amount of clearance activity that we had in the channel. That bodes well for us as we have more pricing flexibility there. We have more promotional flexibility and frankly our margin returns there on made for factory products have been excellent which allows us to mix the business differently. We really have seen no movement in average unit retail in factory from our historical levels and we have no plans to really change the model on the factory side. We think the balance between full price at about $300 in factory and probably half that is the right balance. It is the right relationship. If you travel into our factory stores today you will notice that from a look and feel standpoint while it is clearly a Coach store there is no aesthetic overlap between the two businesses. We have clean platforms in full price which are really driven by Madison and Poppy on both ends of the fashion spectrum and then we have a real foundational business on the factory side with Hansons and Soho as the anchors to that business. Over time we have been able to realize some cost savings. I think Mike has outlined what we have been focused on there in terms of raw material benefits, hardware benefits, make and trim opportunities on the factory side all with the intention to maintain very strong margins in the factory business and also allow us to be aggressive there because it is our promotional channel in the business model.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Erwan Rambourg – HSBC.
Erwan Rambourg - HSBC: I just wanted to come back to Japan because you have had a sequential improvement in Yen terms from last quarter to this quarter and most of your European competitors are actually noticing a stabilization of trends if not a worsening of trends. Should we consider this as a Poppy related boost or is there something else you are doing differently? Related to that, I just wanted to come back to your comment on China and saying that eventually in 5-6 years time China could be as big as Japan. Should we consider that your long-term target? I think you stated $250 million by 2013 could be interpretive at this stage.
Lew Frankfort : Well first to your second question, $250 million is extremely conservative. We are not yet prepared to provide numbers. We are just starting our time and our resources in China to really understand how large this could be. We are running well ahead of where we thought we would be and are finding great reception with Chinese consumers, particularly with repeat purchasing which is key to developing a sustained brand. With regard to Japan it is Poppy actually created an inflection point in Japan. We had an integrated, comprehensive launch in late June throughout Japan. We even created a few free standing, temporary locations for Poppy in prime locations such as [inaudible] and Poppy has been enormously important to us. In addition, we actually benefited from a year-over-year improvement in our men’s business which has become a much more important focus for us in Japan. That contributed to the gains as well. More generally, we do believe that the very challenging economy in Japan is forcing consumers to make very tough choices in terms of where they will spend their accessory dollars. Fortunately they are spending a disproportionate amount or a growing amount on Coach.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Laura Champine – Cowen.
Laura Champine – Cowen: My questions are a follow-on to the gross margin guidance maintained around that 72% level. Does that imply your mix of full price and factory is likely to stay stable where it is or should we see full price [grow] as a percentage of the mix in the December quarter?
Mike Devine : That is a very good question and the answer to your question is yes. We do assume that we will carry through the balance of the fiscal year a full price factory mix about in line with what we just achieved in Q1. As Lew just talked about, the full price business strengthening in Japan. Mike Tucci talked about it strengthening here in North America. Channel mix was not nearly the detractor of Q1 FY10 as it has been in recent quarters as we have seen an inflection point in that business as getting healthier. Channel mix will not be a detriment going forward that it has been in prior quarters.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research.
Janet Kloppenburg – JJK Research: I was wondering on the average cost outlook, I thought you say it may actually track higher in 2011 but I am wondering what the prospect is for lower cost as we move through the rest of the year and if you could give us an update on your plans for marketing this holiday season in terms of dollar spending versus last year. I just was not clear if you had been accruing for bonuses. If you had accrued for bonuses here in this quarter and going forward versus what you had done last year. Mr. Tucci, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit bout Poppy and the customer base there. Is it all a youthful base or are you seeing some crossover and what opportunity that might represent.
Mike Devine : I will take the questions on average cost and the bonuses. We are in very good shape and have contracts with most of our raw material suppliers and our factories through the balance of fiscal year introduction. So we feel like we have great vision to what our costs will be and so we would anticipate delivering similar year-over-year average unit cost favorability. Now we began to capture some of those improvements during the back half of the year so the 8% will gradually decline but we won’t see average unit cost increasing. We look forward to delivering that in the 72% guidance that I have talked about and given. FY11, we haven’t by long shot given up on holding our average unit cost content. I will just point out there is likely to be some inflationary pressures we are going to look to offset them. Secondly, in terms of the bonuses, we did accrue bonuses both this year and last year in Q1. So there was not a challenging compare there if you will in this most recent quarter. That changes on a year-ago basis. Our plans are at this moment in time to deliver bonuses in FY10 so therefore to accrue for them year ago this year as a compare again it is a situation in 2009 where that was not the case so it challenges the leverage.
Mike Tucci : I will take care of the Poppy and the marketing piece. On the Poppy side, my feel on Poppy is that it actually is selling very broadly across our consumer base. We see that through all channels. We do believe it has driven some energy into the stores with the fashion consumer but it is selling broadly. On the marketing side, very important for holiday to understand we are actually spending about the same amount in marketing. However, we have reshaped our marketing expense dramatically away from traditional print emphasis and away from packaging to fun concepts and programs similar to what we did for the Poppy launch. So it is [DWT] to support our gifting programs. Significant investment in online advertising including some association with fashion blogs, our continued relationship with other social networking sites that are out there, a very targeted approach to in-store marketing both in mall and in our windows and in-store which we got feedback very quickly with the launch of Poppy it was highly effective in bringing people into the store and getting a strong message out there. All of this will break into market mid-quarter. It is really a different type of quarter in Q2 where everything is shaped to the end leading to December 26th obviously and so we are going to target our marketing this quarter, November 15th and drive the marketing spend November 15th right through the Christmas selling period and I think you will see a very dominant, very mixed in terms of platforms with a high level of energy in our stores from a marketing standpoint.
Andrea Shaw Resnick : With that we will conclude our Q&A session and pass it on to Lew for some closing remarks. Lew?
Lew Frankfort : Obviously as you can hear from our prepared remarks and our questions we feel that we did have an inflection point with the arrival of Poppy and the rebalancing of our assortment to a much more compelling price point. We feel very good about our position in the holiday season ahead and more broadly we feel that the expectations where we are taking to adjust to a consumer who is spending less than she did for the long-term, that is for the foreseeable future, we do not expect the consumer to spend as much as she did in discretionary areas. So our adaptations we think are positioning us well and we are looking forward to restored growth and we think that is available to us. Thank you very much.
Andrea Shaw Resnick : That will conclude our call. Thanks everyone. Have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude the Coach earnings conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-07-28 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications  Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO Mike Devine - CFO Mike Tucci - President North American Retail
Analysts: Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup David Schick – Stifel Nicolaus Christine Chen - Needham & Company Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Laura Champine – Cowen [Rick Battell] – BAS-ML
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Welcome to the Coach conference call. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO, and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Before we begin we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward looking statements including projections for our business in the current quarters and fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences or control costs.  Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our fourth fiscal quarter and annual 2009 results and will also discuss our strategies going forward. Mike Devine will continue with details on financial and operational results of the quarter and year. Following that we will hold a question and answer session where we will be joined by Mike Tucci, President North American Retail. This Q&A session will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Lew will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman, and CEO. 
Lew Frankfort: As noted in our release this morning we were once again pleased to generate sales that were essentially even with the prior year, and encouraged by the continued ability of our comparable store sales in North America through the first half of calendar 2009. Though still early days we are also encouraged by the improvement of our July full priced business notably in North America and Japan where we have seen strong consumer response to Poppy and our broadened assortment of handbags in the $200 to $300 range, supported by comprehensive new marketing programs. Our results for both the year and the quarter demonstrate the resiliency of the Coach model and our commitment to maintaining the integrity of our full price proposition in retail stores even in the face of an extraordinarily challenging environment. This performance also reflects the strength of our franchise and our flexibility in adapting to changing business conditions. This year we have taken the steps necessary to reduce our expense structure while also investing in growth areas such as China in order to position Coach for future profitable growth. Despite the economic backdrop and future uncertainty we remain confident in Coach’s durability and growth prospects over our planning horizon. Clearly the opportunities both hear at home in North America and abroad notably in emerging markets remain abundant. While I will get into further detail about current conditions and the outlook for the category and our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our year and quarter first. Our performance in FY09 was highlighted by an increase of 2% in revenues. It was a year of many milestones including; first the opening of 42 total net new stores in North America, 33 net new retail stores and nine new factory stores. Second, direct to consumer sales rose 7% to $2.7 billion with a 5% increase in North American store sales, driven by distribution, while we also experienced rapid growth in China sales. Third, a solid DF for Coach Japan, retail sales there were essentially flat on a constant currency basis while dollar sales rose 11% against very weak category sales for imported bags and accessories. Coach strengthened it number two sales position in this market to about a 14% share this year. Fourth, we successfully completed the phased buyout of our retail businesses in China and saw increasing interest in the brand as the market continued to grow rapidly. Finally, we initiated a quarterly dividend, sending a clear message about our financial strength, cash flow generation, and business outlook. This annual performance was capped off by a solid fourth quarter. Some key metrics were first, net sales totaled $778 million versus $782 million a year ago, a slight decline of 1%. Second, earnings per share excluding unusual items totaled $0.43 compared with $0.50 in the prior year on the same basis. Third, direct to consumer sales rose 3% to $683 million from $662 million in the prior year. Fourth, North American same store sales for the quarter remained stable from the third quarter, declining 6% from the prior year while total North American store sales rose 5% driven by distribution. Fifth, sales in Japan declined 4% in dollars and declined 10% on a constant currency basis as consumer spending contracted significantly during the period. Finally, we are continuing to generate very strong sales and comps in China. During the quarter we opened nine North American retail stores including four in new markets for Coach; Laredo, Texas, Capitola, California, Kennewick, Washington, and Boise, Idaho. We also closed three retail locations as previously announced. In addition, we opened three factory stores and closed one. Lastly, we expanded one retail store and four factory locations. At the end of the period there were 330 full priced and 111 factory stores in operation in North America. Moving to Japan, one location was added, two closed, and one was expanded. At quarter end there were 160 total locations in Japan with 20 stand alone full priced stores, including eight flagships, 113 shop in shops, 22 factory stores, and five distributor operated locations. Also, during the fourth quarter and as part of our Poppy marketing programs we opened two temporary stand alone Poppy locations in event spaces in key department stores. They were extremely successful and we expect to do more of these pop up locations going forward. Indirect sales which for context now represent just over 15% of Coach’s sales on an annualized basis decreased 21% to $95 million from $119 million in the same period last year. This decrease was primarily due to reduced shipments into US department stores where sales declined about 30% for the quarter, essentially even with the prior quarter. Discounting continued at high levels throughout the period in department stores while Coach was generally excluded from these promotions. Naturally we continue to tightly manage inventories into the channel given lower demand. International retail sales declined modestly in the period as we continued to experience a bifurcation between locations catering to the domestic consumer, where we saw sales gains and those serving the international tourists which were impacted by the slowdown in travel, exacerbated by the Swine Flu epidemic. We estimate that the addressable US handbag and accessory category declined 10% to 15% during the first half of the calendar year. At the same time, Coach’s bag sales declined 3% across all channels in North America over that six month period. Our total revenues in North America were essentially even with prior year in the quarter, with our directly operated stores up 5% as distribution growth offset the negative comp performance. As noted, Q4 same store sales were down 6% consistent with 3Q trends. In addition, our key comp metrics in the fourth quarter were also quite similar to 3Q.  Specifically, we would note that in full price stores traffic continued to be weak on the year over year basis, while conversion and average transaction size both declined modestly. In factory, where we continued to leverage the flexibility inherent in our business model to drive sales through pricing, we continued to see solid increases in traffic and conversion while ticket was flat. As noted, we posted a 10% decline in local currency in Japan and a 4% decrease in dollars. Business in Japan continued to be fueled primarily by distribution through new stores as our market share further expanded against a very weak category backdrop. In fact, Coach now holds a 14% Yen share of the Japanese imported accessories market. Our growth in share this year in the very tough Japanese market reflects the strength and relevance of our accessible luxury positioning with the Japanese consumer who is becoming more discerning and value oriented. I also wanted to call out China, which is only a very small portion of our total sales to date but represents a significant growth opportunity. As many of you know, this was the first quarter that we were directly operating all the China stores, having completed the acquisition of the mainland stores on April 1st. During the fourth quarter we continued to achieve significant double digit comp growth as the Coach brand is taking hold with increasing numbers of consumer, both domestically and mainland China and with many of the Chinese who are traveling to Hong Kong. Clearly, China is already becoming a significant market for imported brands that will grow rapidly over the next several years as personal income and consumer spending increase. We estimate that the market for imported handbags and accessories grew over 40% during the last year, while the number of target consumers in mainland China alone grew from six million to over eight million. To implement our growth strategy as announced in May, we’ve appointed Andre Cohen to lead our on the ground team. Based in Hong Kong he now has responsibility for the strategic leadership and operating results of Coach China. Andre originally joined Coach International in early 2008 and has extensive prior experience in the region, building brands and businesses. His experience and market knowledge, together with our financial strength, brand positioning and consumer research; provide a solid foundation for Coach’s expansion in the Chinese market. During the fourth quarter, as always, we maintained a high level of product innovation and distinctive newness. Beginning in April we introduced a whimsical collection of bags and accessories inspired by our body, cash and archives, and in May we introduced Cricket, a spectator carry all based item group in a broad range of colors.  Cricket, along with our strong Madison collection, updated in a beautiful spring pallet across multiple fabrications for the key statements for Mother’s Day and for June, Ali was our new group, focused on soft, drapy shoulder bags and hobos. Of course we continue to update our core collections during the spring including Parker with new colors and silhouettes. Clearly the big news at the end of the quarter was the introduction of the Poppy collection. Poppy is youthful in attitude and is proving to have broad customer appeal. Presented in a variety of new silhouettes, vibrant colors and prints, it offers great value with an average handbag price of about $260. Poppy’s launch has been supported by comprehensive marketing campaign, “Are you Poppy” utilizing several elements in digital media, including stand along flash Poppy websites, email campaigns, Facebook fashion blogs and targeted online banner advertising to get the word out. The marketing and press around Poppy is clearly driving more traffic into our stores, resulting in a significant improvement in trends from the prior few quarters. Not surprisingly the impact of Poppy has been most significant in our direct to consumer channels, notably North American full price stores in Coach Japan, retail locations where we have made the largest investment in both product and marketing and are experiencing the largest returns. Our retail store environment is also where we are best able to merchandise Poppy as a lifestyle collection across all categories from footwear to jewelry to scarves, along with its handbags, wallets, and wristlets. Poppy will continue to be a key collection throughout FY10, regularly updated with new color pallets, fabrications and styles, such as the book tote coming for holiday. Of course I would be remiss not to mention Maggie, also introduced in July. This key handbag silhouette provides a more sophisticated counterpoint to Poppy. Maggie will evolve and continue to be important through the holiday season. Just last week we introduced two new handbag groups, Tribeca, a collection of East-West totes and Garnet, which focuses on satchel silhouettes. Both are offered at new core price points furthering our strategy to rebalance our handbag assortment, an important area of focus in this year. Starting with Poppy in our July product, we rebalanced our assortments within our current range by increasing the proportion of bags introduced at prices below $300 from about 30% of the assortment in FY09 to 50% in FY10. This rebalancing gives the consumer more choices at prices she is willing to spend or is able to afford. As you know, our plan is to exploit this opportunity by designing into this price point engineering collections that can provide excellent value and still generate excellent margins. Now that the rebalancing is in place we have begun to achieve the goals we set out for our North American full price business. These include higher handbag penetrations, now running at about 55% of sales versus 50% a year ago, or a 10% increase. As planned, this strengthening in merchandise mix favoring handbags has resulted in flat overall unit retails in our stores.  As noted, we have also seen an improvement in traffic trends for the very weak levels of the first half of the calendar year. We are encouraged that the execution of our strategies is resulting in a sequential improvement in retail store performance from Q4 levels. As we move to FY10 our primary focus will continue to be on restoring productivity to our existing full price store base. At the same time our July trends and the factory channel remain robust with strong consumer response to new made for factory product such as the pleated Soho collection. That said, it’s also important to note that we manage our North American store business in aggregate. As such, we will continue to fine tune our marketing and promotional levels to maximize the long term returns of both channels. Moving to our stores, we opened 39 new retail stores in FY09 and in aggregate they generated volumes of about $1.6 million, modestly below pro-formas of about $1.8 million. All of these stores are very profitable and operate at high levels of productivity. However, and perhaps most noteworthy, is that the 13 stores we opened in new markets for Coach, such as Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and Modesto, California, actually outperformed their planned volumes, underscoring our plan to focus on new markets in FY10 openings. In addition, we saw excellent response to new stores in our developing Canadian markets as well, another area of focus this year which I will touch on more in just a minute. As we’ve discussed many times, we have two drivers of long term growth. First is distribution as we expand our global network of store and shop locations with an emphasis on North America and China and second is productivity which we drive across all geographies through the introduction of innovative and relevant product in a compelling store environment. In FY09 our erosion and same store sales was more than offset by distribution growth. The current macro economic backdrop does not change our long term strategy though we have sharpened our focus on distribution putting more emphasis on the largest opportunities both in North America and abroad. We will continue to build market share here in North America and grow our store base, although at a slower pace this year due to the challenging environment. Given our strong productivity metrics and grand proposition we are a highly desirable tenant and as such have ample real estate opportunities to choose from. This year we’re opening 20 North American retail stores rather than the 40 we’ve opened for each of the last two years. In addition, as I mentioned, we will focus on those store segments where we have seen the best relative performance, notably Canada, with six openings planned for next year and new US markets.  A total of 14 of this year’s stores are targeted for new North American markets for Coach. In addition, we will open at least six North American factory outlets. In total we expect North American square footage growth of about 9%, down from about 13% in FY09. We have also been slowing the pace of square footage growth in Japan given the economic environment, by reducing the number of new openings and stemming expansion activity. This year we expect to open about 10 new locations including a few Poppy locations next Spring. Further, we are developing plans to open the first few men’s stand alone shops in Japan given that the stylish male shopper in this market is underserved in the accessories category. In total we would expect that square footage growth in Japan will increase by slightly less than 5% this year compared to about 8% in FY09. In China we now expect to open about 15 new locations this year up from the 10 forecast previously given our performance and the opportunity. Looking further out over the next five years we expect to open a total of at least 50 new locations, aggressively growing our sales and market share in this rapidly expanding region.  Our market research indicates that by 2013 that China, Hong Kong and Macau premium handbag and accessories market will likely exceed $2.5 billion, a significant increase from its current size of about $1.6 billion. With the investments we’re making in stores, marketing, organization and infrastructure we are well positioned to replicate our success formula in Japan. In Asian markets such as Korea, Taiwan, and Singapore, the Coach brand is among the top five brands with good headroom for further strong growth. We’ve also made significant headway in the Middle East and expect continued strong performance.  Finally, as we grow our brand awareness across new markets, global travelers will increasingly represent a significant growth opportunity for Coach. At about $4 billion in global sales for fashion and accessories we believe we can double our share of the global travel retail market from about 4% today to around 8% during the next five years. Thus, across all geographies and channels we expect to grow our square footage by about 9% in FY10, modestly below the 11% distribution growth last year with the greatest moderation in our North American full price expansion. Finally, I would like to touch on the announcement of the Reed Krakoff label a new global brand which we intend to launch in the fall of calendar 2010. It will encompass all women’s categories including ready to wear, handbags, women’s accessories, footwear, and jewelry. We believe that this concept will serve to define the new American luxury and engage a different customer who is looking for exclusivity and limited distribution. While still in the development stage, the Reed Krakoff brand is targeted at the rapidly evolving luxury market. It will be a stand alone brand separate and apart from Coach while leveraging Coach’s infrastructure. It will have a unique point of view in aesthetic, reflecting Reed’s personal design philosophy. Initially, Reed Krakoff will be launched with a few boutiques in the US, Japan and Hong Kong as well as limited distribution in specialty stores. In closing, while our new fiscal year has just begun we are very encouraged by the early success of Poppy and our pricing strategy in this very tough environment. Accordingly, we will plan cautiously until we see concrete evidence of a change in consumer behavior. Irrespective of the backdrop we are confident that our proven growth strategies built upon or leadership position and diversified business model will continue to deliver excellent returns in the seasons ahead and over our long term planning horizon. At this time I will turn it over to Mike Devine our CFO for further details on our financials.
Mike Devine: Lew was just taking your through the highlights and strategies, let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our fourth quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues declined just under 1%, with direct to consumer which represents nearly 85% of our business up 3% and indirect down 21% primarily due to lower shipments to US department stores. Excluding the impact of certain unusual items which I will touch on in a moment, net income for the quarter totaled $136 million with earnings per diluted share of $0.43. This compared to net income of $172 million and earnings per diluted share of $0.50 in the prior years fourth quarter. For the full fiscal year earnings per share were $1.91 as compared to $2.06, while net income totaled $622 million versus net income of $742 million recorded in FY08. On the same basis our operating income totaled $220 million, below the $281 million reported last year, while operating margin was 28.2% versus 35.9%. For the full fiscal year operating income was $1 billion even, a 15% decrease from $1.18 billion generated a year ago. Operating margin for the year was 31% flat as compared to 37.1% a year ago. During the quarter gross profit totaled $547 million versus $593 million a year ago. Gross margin rate which met our expectations was 70.4% versus 75.9% a year ago. As planned, we maintained the high level of promotional activity in factory stores which was the primary driver of our lower gross margin rate year on year.  Channel mix and the sharper pricing initiative in our full price divisions also dampened margin. We anticipate delivering similarly high rates of gross margin in the coming quarters. For the full year gross profit declined 4% to $2.32 billion from $2.41 billion a year ago. Gross margin rate was 71.9% FY09 versus 75.7% posted in FY08.  Again, excluding the unusual items in FY09 and FY08’s fourth quarters SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales totaled 42.1% compared to the 40% flat reported in the year ago quarter. For the fiscal year on the same basis SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales totaled 40.9% compared to 38.6% reported in FY08. As the result of our recent profitability initiatives we believe our expense spending strike the right balance between driving future growth opportunities and operating our core businesses efficiently. As mentioned in our press release we recorded unusual items resulting in a substantially lower tax rate of 29.5% for the fourth quarter. These consisted of a favorable settlement of a multi-year tax return examination which decreased Coach’s provision for taxes by $9 million as well as certain other tax accounting adjustments. These items also increased net interest income by $2 million. In addition, as a result of this favorable tax settlement we made a contribution to our charitable foundation which increased expenses by $15 million pre-tax or $9 million after tax. As you may remember, in the third quarter, we had announced a one time net charge related to the reduction of corporate staffing levels in the US, the closure of four North American retail stores, and the closure of our sample making facility in Italy. In aggregate these actions increased the company’s Q3 SG&A expenses by $13 million. Including the impact of the unusual items in all periods net income totaled $146 million or $0.45 per diluted share for the current quarter and $214 million or $0.62 per share for the fourth quarter of 2008. For the year, net income totaled $623 million for 2009 as compared to $783 million in 2008, while earnings per diluted share was $1.91 compared to $2.17. Inventory levels at quarter end were $326 million essentially even in both dollars and units with prior year on a comparable basis. This is consistent with management’s second half expectations as we have worked through all of the excess inventory from calendar year end. This flat inventory level allows us to support 42 net new North American stores, six net new locations in Coach Japan from the year ago period, as well as our 28 Coach China stores. Cash and short term investments stood at $800 million as compared with $699 million a year ago. During the fourth quarter we did not repurchase any of our own shares thus $710 million is still available under the current repurchase authorization. Net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter was $270 million compared to $323 million last year during Q4. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was an inflow of $245 million versus $268 million in the same period last year.  Our CapEx spending was $26 million versus $55 million in the same quarter a year ago. For all of fiscal year 2009 net cash from operating activities was $809 million compared to $923 million a year ago. Free cash flow in fiscal year ’09 was in inflow of $569 million which included the $103 million purchase of our corporate headquarters building here in New York City, versus $749 million in fiscal year ’08.  CapEx spending totaled $240 million for the year, also including the cash outlay for the headquarters purchase as well as for new stores and technology and corporate infrastructure investments. This compared to $175 million spent for CapEx last year. As you know, we did eliminate certain long term payback initiatives this year as well as benefited from negotiated savings for ongoing projects. It’s important to note that based on our current plans for FY10 we would expect that CapEx for next year will be down further and will be in the area of $110 million. While as you well know we are not giving specific guidance for FY10 I believe it would be helpful for some of your modelers out there to keep a few things in mind when we’re looking at the new year. First, as we mentioned on our third quarter call our gross margin is likely to stay in the 70% to 72% area over the next few quarters.  We noted previously that our cost cutting actions will net at least $50 million in SG&A savings in FY10; however, it will still be an investment year for Coach in terms of China and our new business Reed Krakoff. Taken together they will impact FY10 earnings per share by about $0.05 or about the same amount as they did in FY09. Finally, our tax rate is likely to be in the area of 37% for the year. Before we open it up to Q&A I want to reiterate Lew’s earlier comments. Our fourth quarter and full year 2009 results demonstrate Coach’s strength, our resiliency and the flexibility and balance our diversified operating model provides in challenging times such as these. Thank you all for your attention and now Lew, Andrea, Mike Tucci and I will be happy to take some questions which will then be followed by a brief summary by Lew. Thank you all for joining us on the call today and we’ll now take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital
Bob Drbul - Barclays Capital: The questions that I have all stem around the top line as you look at the business. The comment that you made around Poppy in July, can you maybe expand upon just how dramatic there was an improvement during the month of July. The second part of that would be can you just talk about in the factory channel the email promotions to factory consumers and how sustainable you think the factory channel is.
Lew Frankfort: What we are saying here at Coach is that Poppy created a positive inflection point for Coach in our North America full price stores and Japan. When we talk about an inflection point it is significant, we’d rather not be specific of course because it’s early days, its four or five weeks and we have a long view. What it does do is reinforce our new pricing strategy to rebalance our assortment as well as the opportunity come out with a broad new lifestyle collection that is youthful in attitude yet appeals to our broad and diversified consumer base. With regard to factory our business continues to be very robust and we feel very confident that we can continue to grow our factory base because we have a very strong consumer who is brand loyal but is looking to buy Coach on a sale. Its effectively a diffusion channel, we do not go on sale in our full price stores so we force the consumer who want to buy Coach and get a full array assortment of Coach, although last year’s product or product made exclusively for factory to go to the factory channel. Its works very well. In terms of emails, what I can say is that it’s a marketing lever for us we’re very enthusiastic about our ability to draw into factory stores consumers who are exclusive factory shoppers and they do respond to price. Again, we do not go on sale in our full price stores.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup
Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup: Do you have something following Poppy that you think can sustain the momentum that you’re seeing here in July? I know the Poppy collection will live in the stores or do you think it’s that the improvement in full price is really driven by the new pricing strategy and the collections that follow also have that lower price point of view.
Mike Tucci: I think what we see is Poppy is a nice catalyst for us. It’s created a platform, an energy in the stores; certainly the response has been terrific to the product assortment and the marketing. It’s really part of a much more broad strategy across the board and specifically targeted at building handbags, conversion and penetration in our stores. Interestingly we just release Tribeca and Garnet and these are two, what I would categorize as core groups within the mix, again priced against our new strategy and we’re seeing very strong results with those two groups over the weekend. Again, targeting price points that have been traditionally very strong for Coach $268, $298, $328, and $358 to build this presence. What we feel strongly about going forward is sustaining momentum in Poppy and building the foundation at $300 for the long term. You’re seeing us very quickly react to what’s going on in Poppy by flexing our on order, moving goods through the pipeline. We don’t see it as a specific reorder business but we do see it as a newness and excitement business. We’re reinvesting in 10-1 and 11-1 in our pipeline today and we’ll turn those products around very quickly. What I think is also important to note, the marketing and positioning campaign both in traditional print and digital media as well as our in store presence you’ll see us replicate that again specifically in Q2 with a strong Poppy message and a very broad gifting message. I believe it’s just the beginning of what we’re doing and use Poppy as kind of a benchmark for how we’ll launch products going forward.
Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup: On gross margin, could you help us understand the sort of relative weight of the three different contributing factors to the gross margin pressure here in the fourth quarter?
Mike Devine: Of the more than 500 basis points of year over year decline, slightly more than half of that is going to be driven by the increased level of factory promotions. I would say the remaining let’s call it half is roughly split between channel mix and sure margins on the sharper price product in the full price divisions. Let me quickly say, however, that since that time and since the product had sold through in Q4 in the full price divisions our supply chain, our merchandising and design teams, everyone involved here in getting product into the stores, has done a magnificent job to work on the full price sharper price selections to move the gross margin rates back to longer term more acceptable Coach levels. With the state of the world the way it is today and the receptiveness of our suppliers, etc. I’m happy to say as an example the Poppy collection has a gross margin rate that is quite consistent with the balance of the full store chain. I do think that there is some opportunity in that third metric that caused the fourth quarter decline as we move into the fiscal year.
Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup: You were not seeing any of the deflationary trends benefit the fourth quarter but they should start in first quarter?
Mike Devine: Correct. The product that we’re selling through in the stores now is showing in the full price collections that are “sharply priced” generating higher gross margin rates then what we had in Q4.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Schick – Stifel Nicolaus
David Schick – Stifel Nicolaus: On China, what’s really selling there, you talked about the big comps? How is the brand positioned there, is it similar to Japan or how should we think about that?
Lew Frankfort: What’s selling well in China is what’s selling well worldwide. Poppy is doing extremely well as are our other ranges. We are positioned similarly in China as an acceptable luxury brand, targeting the growing middle class professional female who is looking for great product that is relevant to her lifestyle at an excellent value. What we’re finding is that our business and product is resonating very well with the emerging middle class in China.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Chen - Needham & Company
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: With Poppy, could you just share with us, is it attracting the younger customer that you were hoping it to attract? I know it has broad appeal but are you seeing addition of new customers?
Mike Tucci: I think Poppy is absolutely appealing to a younger consumer as part of the story. I say that because we’ve been spending a lot of time in our stores working with the consumer, watching her and we’ve also been spending an enormous amount of time online dialoguing with the consumer through some of the social media sites, Facebook as an example. She’s very engaged, she’s excited. That’s not the total story though; Poppy has a strong foundation of product that appeals to a very broad range of Coach consumers.  That’s really important, we have hallmarks in Poppy like classic signature, pop art, very important trim details, and things like our turn lock that we’ve given a new sort of energy to. That rings truth through the entire collection; I think it offers us an opportunity to speak to the Coach audience in a very powerful way. We’re pleased with the consumer response and we also believe that part of our traffic improvement is really excitement around Poppy and what it brings to the brand and what it brings to the store from an environment standpoint.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: Could you share with us how same store sales trends progressed during the quarter? I would assume that June, even though it was just the last part of June, that June showed a bigger improvement over April and May trends?
Mike Tucci: Actually to be clear, Poppy hit on literally the last Friday of June so I wouldn’t attribute June’s performance as anything that happened with Poppy.
Mike Devine: We had two days in the quarter.
Mike Tucci: We did spend a lot of time in June setting Poppy up in terms of launch activity and marketing activity but the true impact of Poppy is coming with the July floor set.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: What about quarterly trends for same store sales?
Mike Tucci: Quarterly trend for us was very consistent throughout the quarter. We didn’t see a lot of wavering there. It really held in both full price and factory our trends held very consistent throughout the quarter and consistent with what we saw in Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel: A follow up on the question surrounding the improvement related to Poppy. You saw traffic improvement, was there also a conversion improvement? Can you talk us through some of the gives and takes around increasing handbag penetration but at lower prices? Will the net effect of that have sort of a neutral impact on transaction value or how should we think about that?
Mike Tucci: You actually answered your question within your question. It absolutely what the goal has been for us. The broadest goal for us is to improve productivity in our full price stores. Behind that is an object to drive handbag penetration in our stores and drive handbag conversion that’s our brand hallmark, that’s the foundation of the brand. What we’re seeing is handbag penetration improving, unit sales in handbags from a run rate standpoint improving which has a virtuous positive impact on average dollar transactions. As the handbag becomes a greater portion of our overall transaction it helps us to drive productivity and that’s what we’re seeing. I think what we want to build on is an improvement in visitation in our stores, work with that consumer, develop the relationship with her and then ultimately as we improve conversion we think that that is a driver of restoring productivity in our stores as well.
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel: Will you continue to have many of these events like you’ve been having for Poppy?
Mike Tucci: We will. We’ll continue to focus on things like preview events. We will also use very dynamic web marketing to drive events in store, things like pre-sell, some of the gift with purchase ideas, we’re absolutely committed to that and we will fund that going forward. I don’t want to totally dodge your conversion question, it is early but I would say that what we’re happy with is a sequential improvement in conversion performance. That’s important for us to continue to monitor and as you know an important driver of comp.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Congratulations on the improvement and traction you’re seeing, I was in Tokyo just a few weeks ago and I saw the excitement from the Poppy collection. What are you seeing the impact of Poppy in other channels, wholesale, online, and do you see Poppy at all going into factory and as you get leaner in inventory at factory do you keep factory excited with other merchandise, how do you see that trending?
Lew Frankfort: To answer the second part of your question first, we don’t have any plans in the foreseeable future to put Poppy into our factory stores, it will stay out of factor stores indefinitely. We see it as a sub-gram, as I mentioned earlier and you were in Japan and you saw the excitement there, we are going to be opening Poppy stores in Japan and possibly here in the United States as well at some point. As we experience more we’ll fine tune our strategies and refine our thinking. With regard to other channels, we’re finding that Poppy is doing extremely well. In wholesale channels we tend to measure performance by sell through rates weekly and what we’re finding is that Poppy is selling through at two to three times the rate that prior collections last quarter sold through. Everyone wants more Poppy and we’re developing a rapid response program to get back into Poppy everywhere. In Japan we have a robust backorder program, similarly in the US we’re developing one and we think Poppy will be a continuing success story throughout the entire fiscal year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Laura Champine – Cowen
Laura Champine – Cowen: Looking at your comments on SG&A expense this year and that they’ll be $50 million flow through of savings offset by some investments. If I run that investment through the numbers you gave it seems like you still have an opportunity for SG&A improvement but I know you’re investing in marketing and other things. Do you think it’s possible you can actually take SG&A expense down year on year in fiscal 2010?
Mike Devine: With our conservative planning and where we are right now we don’t see that happening. We have made major strides though, I have to say, I couldn’t be more pleased with the way the business is operating in these challenging times. Perhaps the most exciting work really has been done in the field and in the selling teams where we actually have seen us move the needle significantly on the leverage point required for our SG&A line. As an example, if you followed us for some time you may recall that we used to talk about North American retail store chains needing about 5% to 7% comp to deliver SG&A leverage to their own P&L. With the fabulous work that’s been done there largely around labor management, the great rent negotiations that we’ve had, the great new deals we’re booking on the new stores that we’re opening and just the fact that we challenged every line item on the store P&Ls. I think that we will see moving into FY10 that we can deliver leverage to the retail P&L which is roughly a flat comp. Real, real progress has been made. Similar things happening in Japan where the cost cutting and expense spending review is fantastic so real, real progress has been made. None the less, with the investment that we’re making in new stores and the investment in China and Reed Krakoff its unlikely that we’ll get to a flat SG&A number next year but we’re going to continue to work hard and see what we can bring home.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Rick Battell] – BAS-ML
[Rick Battell] – BAS-ML: Can you just update us on how your sourcing relationships are changing? Do you plan on sticking with the countries and vendors you’ve been working with or do you plan to seek lower cost options?
Lew Frankfort: We have a broad constellation of partners that constitute our sourcing base and many of them who are entrepreneurial actually have migrated with us to lower cost areas. While we always look for new partners to work with we do have a very broad and diversified group of our suppliers who are working with us to establish significant capabilities in our Vietnam, India, and other parts of China where costs are lower. The key is to maintain quality and so we put as a premium those people who we have worked with in the past who understand the Coach way and our requirements.
[Rick Battell] – BAS-ML: Can you update us on your inventory plans going forward? Perhaps are you thinking about inventories both on a dollar and unit basis as you prepare for the holiday season?
Mike Devine: We’re very pleased with the way the second half of fiscal year ’09 ended. We’re able to manage the inventory flat on a year over year basis with significantly higher store base in North America, Japan and of course we took over the 28 stores in China. To get flat on dollars and units versus where we were coming out of December was a real accomplishment for the team. We’ve gone into FY10 with a conservative approach against this very challenging macro economic backdrop but we are in a position now of looking at chasing, its something we as an organization did exceptionally well over the year as we changed comp as the business was so strong in the past that’s something that we’ll look forward to doing again. We have Jerry Stritzke, our COO and Angus McRae the head of our supply chain looking at and working very hard against that initiative. As Mike talked about earlier we’re looking to get back into Poppy in a bigger way by October and again in February. I think we’ll continue to see very, very good inventory metrics as we go through FY10.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: As it is now 9:29 am I’m going to thank everyone for joining us today and I’d like to turn it back over to Lew for some closing words.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you everybody. The big story of course is Poppy, as evidenced by your comments. Really the larger story is the rebalancing of our assortment to bring great product to consumers at much more compelling prices to address a consumer who is more cautious and reluctant to spend. We’ve been working on this strategy for the last nine to 12 months and it’s exciting for us to actually bring product into the market and see the early results which are in keeping with our expectations. We shared with your previously that it’s our intention to emerge stronger from the adversity we’re experiencing and we’re committed to doing that.  Thank you everyone and have a good day. 
Operator: This does conclude the Coach Earnings Conference. We think you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-04-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Andrea Shaw Resnick - SVP, IR Lew Frankfort - CEO Michael Devine – EVP & CFO  
Analysts:  Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley Christine Chen - Needham & Company Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners  David Schick – Stifel Nicolaus  Erwan Rambourg – HSBC  Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group 
Presentation: 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick; you may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO, and Michael Devine, Coach's CFO.  Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions.  Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences or control costs.  Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our third fiscal quarter 2009 results and will also discuss our strategies going forward.  Michael Devine will continue with details on financial and operational highlights of the quarter. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session that will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Lew will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman, and CEO. 
Lew Frankfort: Thanks Andrea, and good morning everyone. As noted in our release we were pleased to generate sales that were essentially even with prior year and encouraged by the stabilization of our comparable store sales to pre-Christmas levels in North America.  Importantly, we enhanced the vibrancy of our franchise by providing our consumers with innovative relevant product at a compelling value without going on sale in our full price stores. Our third quarter results demonstrate our continued resilience, resolve, and ability to navigate through this challenging environment.  In addition to steps that we’ve taken to reduce our expense structure will help position Coach to improve our profitability. While we remain cautious about the near-term we are very positive on our longer-term outlook underscored by our initiation of a dividend which we just announced this morning.  As you know we have a business model that generates significant cash flow and are in a position to take advantage of profitable growth opportunities while continuing to return capital to shareholders. This action reflects our financial strength and confidence in our business outlook.  While I will get into further detail about current conditions and the outlook for the categories and our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some key metrics of our third fiscal quarter were, first, net sales totaled $740 million versus $745 million a year ago, a slight decline of 1%. Second, earnings per share excluding one-time charges totaled $0.38 compared with $0.46 in the prior year, a 17% decrease.  Third direct to consumer sales rose 9% to $634 million from $582 million in the prior year on a comparable basis.  Fourth, North American same store sales for the quarter declined 4%. And fifth, sales in Japan rose 1% in constant currency and 14% in dollars.  In addition we are continuing to generate very strong sales and comps in China where we just concluded the acquisition of our retail businesses on the mainland.  During the quarter we opened two North American retail stores, Youngstown, Ohio, a new market for Coach, and Temecula, California between LA and San Diego, as well as three factory stores.  We also closed two retail locations. In addition one retail store and one factory store were expanded. Thus at the end of the period there were 324 full price and 109 factory stores in operation in North America.  Moving to Japan, one location was added and one expanded. At quarter-end there were 161 total locations in Japan with 20 full price stores including eight flagships, 114 shop in shops, 22 factory stores, and five distributor operated locations.  In direct sales which for context represents less then 20% of Coach’s sales on an annualized basis decreased 35% to $106 million from $162 million in the same period last year. This decline was primarily due to reduced shipments into US department stores. We continue to tightly manage inventories into the channel given lower demand with sales declining 30% for the quarter as discounting continued at high levels and Coach was generally excluded from these promotions. International retail sales rose modestly in the period driven by distribution while shipments also declined as we closely managed inventories in this channel as well.  We estimate that the addressable US handbag and accessory category declined 10% to 15% during the first quarter of calendar 2009. At the same time Coach’s bag sales declined 2% across all channels in North America.  Our total revenues in North America were down 5% with our directly operated stores up 7% as distribution growth offset the negative comp performance. As noted, same store sales which were down 4% stabilized to pre-Black Friday levels.  On an aggregate basis the biggest difference from the holiday quarter trends was traffic which improved from 2Q comp levels in both channels. We would note that in full price stores our weak traffic pattern from the previous quarter improved while conversion and the average transaction size both declined modestly from prior year.  In factory where we continue to leverage the flexibility inherent in our business model to drive sales through pricing we continue to see solid increases in traffic and conversion while ticket was flat. It should me noted that month to date, April, comparable store sales are consistent with our third quarter experience after adjusting for the holiday shift. As noted, we posted a 1% gain in local currency in Japan and a 14% gain in dollars. Business in Japan continued to be fueled primarily by distribution through both new stores and expansions as our market share further expanded against a weakening category backdrop.  In fact preliminary estimates for calendar year 2008 suggest that Coach now holds a 14% share of the Japanese imported accessories market where our accessible, luxury proposition is resonating with a more independent, less status oriented Japanese consumer.  I also wanted to call out China which of course represents only a very small portion of our total sales today. I just visited the region the other week and was truly amazed by the rapid market development and how the Coach brand is taking hold with consumers both domestically and Mainland China and with millions of Chinese who are travelling notably to Hong Kong and globally.  We have been especially pleased with the transition of our first 10 locations in Hong Kong and Macau last September where we have seen a significant positive impact resulting from Coach’s direct operation of these stores. Similarly we’re looking forward to the seamless integration of the Mainland China locations which were just transitions on April 1st.  Our business performance in the region to date including double-digit comparable store sales growth demonstrates that Coach has significant potential with this emerging and very important consumer group. We have now built an on the ground team and deepened our insights into the Chinese consumer through substantive market research. This experience and market knowledge together with our financial strength, multiple distribution channels, and brand positioning provide a solid foundation for Coach’s expansion in the Chinese market where the opportunity is large. In fact today, among target consumers in Mainland China, our brand awareness remains very undeveloped at only 6% on an unaided basis compared to 63% in Japan and 70% in the US. While Michael Devine will get into more details on our financials and of course I will discuss our outlook in some detail, I wanted to give you this recap of the quarter and touch on some of the product initiatives. During the third quarter we maintained a high level of product innovation and distinctive newness. Beginning on December 26, we transitioned to spring with the introduction of the Penelope collection, offered in leather, our classic signature, and Op Art across multiple silhouettes, and anchored by our shoppers’ style. This was followed by an updated heritage stripped group in February and the new Parker Collection in March. With its soft feminine pleats and twisted straps, Parker represents another significant design evolution for Coach. It was supported by our spring ad campaign and its two key styles, the shoulder bag and hippie, represented 12% of sales in March.  Earlier this month we introduced a collection of bags and accessories inspired by our Bonnie Cashin [archives]. While the whimsical prints and bright colors have captured the attention of many, the best selling styles are the convertible foldover bags offered in leather and signature. And this coming Friday, we’ll compliment our assortment with the introduction of Cricket, a spectator carry all based item group in a broad range of colors. Cricket, along with our strong Madison collection updated in a beautiful spring pallet across multiple fabrications are the key statements for Mother’s Day.  Perhaps most exciting in our upcoming product introductions is the Poppy collection, a new attitude for Coach arriving in July. Poppy is youthful in appeal offering a variety of fresh silhouettes, vibrant colors, and particularly accessible price points. A new Poppy logo is inspired by notebook graffiti and evokes a playful energy that rings throughout the collection.  And we just finalized the robust marketing plan to support the launch which will utilize several new elements for Coach, including social networking websites such as Facebook and fashion blogs to get the word out along with an interactive global online campaign entitled, Are You Poppy.  Moving to our stores, as you know we’ve incorporated a discussion of new store performance as part of our quarterly recap for more then a year now, so I want to touch on these metrics. We opened 30 stores in the first nine months of FY09 and am pleased to note that they continue to perform well, essentially in line with pro forma volumes. These new stores are very profitable and operate at high levels of productivity. We also wish to note the planned closure of four retail stores which are underperforming. They include Greenwich, Connecticut, which closed on the last day of the quarter, along with Worth Avenue in Palm Beach, Green Valley Ranch and Henderson, Nevada, and Embarcadero, in downtown San Francisco.  These remaining stores will close by the end of June.  An important of strategic focus in FY10 is the price positioning of handbags and accessories. Building on our FY09 product initiatives we will rebalance our assortment within our current range by increasing the proportion of bags introduced at prices below $300.  Beginning in Q1 about 50% of our handbag choices, or about 70 SKUs in an average store will be at retails between $200 and $300, as compared to an average of 30% in FY09. This reweighting of our assortment will result in an average unit retail reduction in bags and accessories of 10% to 15% next year.  Our goal is to provide our consumer with more choices at prices she is willing to spend or is able to afford. We are exploiting this opportunity by designing into this price point, engineering collections that can provide this excellent value and still generate strong margins.  We believe this will drive our handbag penetrations higher, thereby improving mix, increasing average transaction size, and ultimately improving productivity.  As we’ve discussed many times, we have two drivers of long-term growth. First is distribution as we expand our global network of store locations with an emphasis on North America and China, and second, is productivity which we drive across all geographies through the introduction of innovative and relevant product in a compelling store environment.  The current macroeconomic backdrop does not change our long-term focus, although we have sharpened our focus on distribution putting more emphasis on the largest opportunities both in North America and abroad. We will continue to build market share here in North America and grow our store base although at a slower pace in FY10 due to the challenging environment.  Given our strong productivity metrics and our brand proposition, we are a highly desirable tenant and as such have ample real estate opportunities to choose from. However, our primary focus is on restoring productivity to our existing full price store base.  Thus we are limiting our new North American retail store openings to 20 locations rather then the 40 we have opened for each of the last two years. In addition we’ll focus on those store segments where we have seen the best relative performance, notably Canada with six openings planned for next year, and new US markets. A total of 13 of our new store openings for next year are targeted for new North American markets for Coach. In addition we have decided to suspend retail expansion activity. We have been slowing the pace of square footage growth in Japan given the economic environment by reducing the number of new openings and stemming expansion activity. In FY10 we expect to open a net of seven new locations while in FY09 we will open a net of five new locations. And as I’ve mentioned we will continue to develop the emerging market potential particularly in China where we have seen excellent results as I’ve mentioned too. In FY10 we expect to open about 10 new locations in China and looking further out over the next five years, we expect to open a total of over 50 new locations, aggressively growing our sales and market share in this rapidly expanding region.  In fact our market research indicates that by 2013 the China, Hong Kong, and Macau premium handbag and accessories market will likely exceed $2.5 billion, a significant increase from its current size of about $1.6 billion.  Our goal is to become one of the top three imported handbag and accessory brands with sales of over $250 million and a market share of at least 10% by fiscal 2013, up from about $50 million and 3% today.  With the investments we will make in stores, marketing, organization, and infrastructure, we are well positioned to replicate our success formula in Japan since taking control of the business there in 2001.  In addition to China, there are several other international growth markets that we will focus on over the next few years. In Asian markets such as Korea, Taiwan, and Singapore, the Coach brand is among the top five brands with good headroom for further strong growth.  We also have made significant headway in The Middle East and expect continued strong performance.  Finally as we grow our brand awareness across new markets, global travelers will increasingly represent a significant growth opportunity for Coach. At about $4 billion in global sales for fashion and accessories, we believe we can double our share of the global travel retail market over the next three to five years both through new locations and improved productivity.  In FY10 we expect to open more then 30 new locations in what we call our international wholesale markets increasing our store base to about 190 locations.  In summary we’re encouraged by the stabilization of our business and we remain unshakable in our resolve to not only weather this storm, but to emerge a stronger company for it.  At this time I will turn it over to Michael Devine, our CFO, for further detail on our financials. 
Michael Devine : Thank you Lew, Lew has just taken you through the highlights and strategies, let me know take you through some of the important financial details of our third quarter results.  As mentioned our quarterly revenues declined 1% with direct to consumer which represents over 80% of our business, up 9%, and indirect down 35% primarily due to lower shipments to US department stores.  Excluding the impact of certain one-time items, which I will touch on in a moment, earnings per share for the quarter declined 17% to $0.38 as compared to $0.46 in the year ago period as net income totaled $123 million, down from $162 million.  On the same basis, our operating income declined 23% to $199 million in the third quarter versus $257 million in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 26.9% compared to 34.5%.  In the third quarter gross profit declined 6% to $525 million from $558 million a year ago and gross margin rate was 71% versus 75% in the prior year. As planned, we maintained a high level of promotional activity in factory stores which was the primary driver of our lower gross margin rate. Channel mix and the sharper pricing initiative in our full price divisions also dampened margins. We anticipate delivering similarly high rates of gross margin in the coming quarters. Adjusted for one-time charges, our SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales rose from prior year levels as expected, in the third quarter and represented 44.1% of sales, versus 40.5%.  As a result of our recent actions we believe our expense spending strikes the right balance between driving growth opportunities and operating efficiently while overall top line growth remains challenged. As mentioned in our press release during the quarter we recorded three one-time charges. These consisted of expenses related to the reduction of corporate staffing levels in the US, the planned closure of four North American retail stores, and the closure of the company’s sample making facility in Italy.  Collectively, these actions increased the company’s SG&A expense by $13 million in the period and negatively impacted earnings by $8 million after tax. The actions taken will help the balance of FY09 in a modest way and position us well for FY10.  Combined with other key measures previously implemented, such as the elimination of merit-based salary increase and a hiring freeze outside of critical growth areas, we now expect to capture over $50 million in total pre-tax savings next year. Inventory levels at quarter end were $358 million, up about 23% from prior year on a comparable basis. This compares favorably to the dollar inventory growth level of 39% reported at the end of Q2. On a unit basis inventory was up 10%. This differential reflects our higher average unit costs. Our inventory increase allows us to support 45 net new North American stores, 14 net new locations of Coach Japan from the year ago period, as well as our 27 Coach China stores.  Cash and short-term investments stood at $551 million as compared with $660 million a year ago. During third quarter we repurchased and retired 3.6 million shares of our common stock at an average cost of $13.98, spending a total of $50 million. As of the end of the period $710 million was available under the current repurchase authorization.  Net cash from operating activities in the third quarter was $207 million compared to $85 million last year during Q3. Free cash flow in the third quarter was an inflow of $180 million versus $52 million in the same period last year.  Our CapEx spending was $27 million versus $33 million in the same quarter a year ago. The main drivers for the year over year cash flow improvement are a near $60 million swing in timing of holiday receivable collections and substantially lower cash tax payments this year versus last. We currently anticipate CapEx in FY09 to come in at about $165 million excluding the purchase of our headquarters building earlier this year. That is about $15 million lower then we projected at the end of the second quarter primarily due to the elimination of additional long-term payback initiatives as well as negotiated savings for ongoing projects.  Its important to note that based on our current plans for FY10 we would now expect the CapEx for next year will be down substantially and will be in the area of $110 million.  Before we open it up for Q&A, I wanted to reiterate Lew’s earlier comments, our third quarter results demonstrate our ability to navigate through the challenging environment. In addition the steps that we’ve taken to reduce our expense structure will help position Coach to improve our profitability.  Thank you for your attention and now Lew, Andrea, and I will take some questions which will be followed by a brief summary by Lew. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: Can you address the timing of your decision to initiate a dividend, why did you choose to do this today and I guess the second question that I have is, when you talk about the pricing strategy that you’re undertaking, do you believe you’ve found the appropriate level with the SKUs and the timing of it and is the part that you’re talking about, is that the product that will be designed for those price points between $200 and $300?
Lew Frankfort : Let me take your second question first, the answer is yes to both. We understand through our pilots and our consumer research that there is a sweet spot in $200 to $300 range that, where we have been under represented in the last year or two and it is that area which we’re looking to distort by rebalancing our assortment and putting at least 50% of our SKUs in handbags at those price points and what we understand from consumers, in addition to great product they want exceptional value and they need to really feel when they pick up the product in addition to feeling great about it, that it represents a great value. From our testing and our experience we believe that that is the right place to be. In terms of our FY10 starting with Poppy, we have engineered our collections into these price points and we’re excited to see Poppy’s arrival at the end of June and we do believe its going to be a very successful introduction.  I might add one other thing, we’re in the midst of a pilot with Poppy and its actually running at about 16% in pilot which we feel really good about because its one of the highest results we’ve achieved in a pilot.  Getting to the timing of the dividend, we thought that there was no better time then during a period of great economic uncertainty to send a clear and strong signal to investors that our business model is healthy, vibrant, and we feel excellent about our prospects for the future. 
Michael Devine : If I could just build on Lew’s comment too for the financial modelers out there around the price points, because it may seem a bit counterintuitive, but this ultimately is designed to improve productivity. What we’ve seen over recent quarters as the consumer spending has been challenged, is our handbag penetration has declined over time and as a result its negatively impacted average ticket. So this change is designed to drive handbag conversion, increasing penetration and although a lower average price for handbags, drive actually a higher ticket and productivity and improvement in operating income dollars into the stores.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: I was hoping you could talk to us about the SG&A savings and any sort of guidance you might have on the SG&A growth rate you expect in the fourth quarter given the addition of the China acquisitions and then if you could just comment on the nice improvement in your comp store sales here from the second quarter to the third quarter, was that driven more by a pick up in factory, retail, or equally between both channels.
Michael Devine : I’ll address the question on SG&A and kick it over to Lew to answer on the comp question, as you know we’ve suspended giving specific guidance looking forward but in terms of our SG&A rate we feel very good about the actions that we’ve taken. As we said in the prepared remarks, we believe the steps we’ve taken will allow us to capture an additional $50 million SG&A reduction from our fixed overhead structure. Some of that will come back to us in Q4, no question, as the actions we’re taking in this March-ending quarter. Not in as complete a way as you heard, three of the four stores are still open. We will close them by end of the year and we haven’t completely closed the Italy facility as yet. That will be an activity that will continue to evolve through the quarter but also be complete by year end.  So, the impact for Q4 will be helpful but not nearly as impactful as what we’d anticipate for next year, our FY10.
Lew Frankfort : On the comp question as you know, we have an integrated business model where we look to use both channels in the most advantageous long-term way possible and we’re quite different then other companies in that, [we’ll] not go on sale in our full price stores and what we have done is use our factory stores as our diffusion channel to drive higher sales at considerably profitable levels.  What we experienced in this last quarter is a stabilization at pre-holiday levels and an improvement in our traffic levels in both channels. We don’t wish to be more specific then that because we actually are able to shape the comp by individual actions in each of those channels but we approach it as an integrated business. 
Michael Devine : Let me just also follow-up, I recall now you asked about Coach China and its impact, you may recall at the outset of the year we talked about China having about a $0.04 dilutive impact on FY09 as we built infrastructure in advance of capturing sales volumes, we’re actually performing a little bit better then that but directionally, I think that’s still a good number to build into models. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley 
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley:  The first question, if I look at your SG&A performance in the third quarter, the expense you leveraged was a little bit greater then I would have expected on a negative four comp, so I just wanted to drill into some detail, figure out what’s going on in the expense line there and then second question, SG&A outlook for FY10, can you just give us a sense of what you’re new leverage point for FY10 given the announced cost reductions of about $50 million. 
Michael Devine : So to give you a little additional color on the quarter in the SG&A line, I think if you were to take a look at extracting the one-time events, if you were also to take out China that we just spoke to, take out our investment in our new merchandising initiatives, what we’re looking at really is a SG&A rate for the quarter of under 43%, about 42.9 in that area, and so the deleveraging as you called it is much more modest when you look at it on that basis.  So against a flat top line revenue essentially down I think a little more then half a point, to actually deliver SG&A within 250 basis points of the year ago quarter, we actually feel pretty good about. We’re done, we’re not there yet, as we’ve talked about. We taken these steps, we continue to look at other opportunities and there are many that go beyond these three one-time actions in our blocking and tackling day to day.  We’re negotiating hard with vendors. As I mentioned we’ve taken our CapEx expectations down significantly. That will help us through the depreciation line. So there’s a number of other opportunities in addition to these one-time events. We feel good about driving our leverage point down. You remember well we used to talk about having a mid to high teen top line growth to achieve SG&A leverage. I think you’ll see us realize something significantly below that, both in Q4 but especially in FY10 and going forward. 
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: And then just to follow-up the investment in new merchandising initiatives, how much longer is that going to continue.
Michael Devine : We have some new collections in development. We plan to have those in our product offering into our foreseeable future. Its probably in an investment mode through FY10 and into FY11.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Chen - Needham & Company 
Christine Chen - Needham & Company:  I was just curious if you could give us an update on how handbags in the higher price point category are performing and what they are as a percentage of sales for the $400 and up bag and then [inaudible] factory and full price. 
Lew Frankfort : Handbags over $400 in this last quarter performed at the same penetration levels as they did the prior year representing about 12% of our total sales. The other question?
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: And then the customer base between factory and full price, has that remained constant even in this environment.
Lew Frankfort : It has, we continue to see growth in factory coming from three places. First is existing factory store buyers purchasing more, existing households. Second are international travelers. And third are consumers who are new to our database. These are consumers who we consider first time users entering the franchise through factory. 
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: And then the promotions that you [inaudible] to your best factory consumers to try and get them to cross over to full price, are there any things you can share with us anecdotally on the success of that. 
Lew Frankfort : Let me answer it in a few different parts, first the people who are, the consumers who were primarily our factory store consumers appreciate a great buy so when we invite them to purchase at full price as a preferred customer, they respond extremely well.  We’re measuring their willingness to then convert to a full price buyer without a special offering and we’re finding that not that many are willing to do that. They’re really looking for a great value. 
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: I guess that’s why your overlap has remained very consistent over the years. 
Lew Frankfort : Its remained consistent.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets 
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets:  Kudos on managing through the quarter. Can you provide a little more color on the store closings which are in some of the most highly concentrated wealth markets in the world, just wondering how much and in what ways they were under performing and what does this say about the brand’s possible relevance to the upscale consumer and then also if you could give us some guidance on the cost of goods line going forward especially as it relates to some of the decreases we’re seeing in leather and raw material costs and deflation on other input costs. I’m just wondering when we might start to see the benefits of that. 
Lew Frankfort : Okay, just for context we have a fleet, full price fleet, as you know more then 300 stores so these four locations represent just 1% of our stores. And you’re correct, they are in the Greenwich Avenue and Worth Avenue, are in [inaudible] areas and the reality is that the rents are the highest in these areas as well.  What we have found is that in high street locations our performance has been most effected because of lower traffic and these stores are very expensive stores to operate and we decided that this was the right time to rationalize our approach to them and we took two location, Greenwich and Worth Avenue, when we decided it was time to leave those locations. 
Michael Devine : In terms of gross margin rates, we also feel very good about delivering the 71% in the quarter while we were working through some of the inventory challenges and the progress we’ve made there. You’re absolutely right to call out some of the raw material costs actually working their way downward and our supply chain group headed by Angus [McRae] and others have worked very aggressively and we are going to capture those savings and they will be built into our FY10 product costs.  So that is the good news and we will need that good news to help us offset the more aggressive sharper pricing initiatives of Poppy and other collections that Lew spoke to. So I think you can anticipate to continue to see gross margin rates staying high in the level of 70% to 72% for the coming quarters.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners  
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners :  I guess relative to store closures, are there other stores that are being considered for closure and then I just wanted to get some comments from you on your longer-term strategy as it relates to US department stores and growth or what you plan to do with your cash given the growth doesn’t look—
Lew Frankfort : First, its actually coincidental to the timing of these closures for this quarter because every year in the spring, post-holiday, we go through a complete portfolio review of all of our locations and we have completed that review now for this year and we don’t contemplate any additional closings during the course of the next year. And again the four closings represent just a little bit over 1% of our fleet.  Relative to our US department stores, they are important channel although for context they represent only about 10% of our sales and we do have a loyal Coach consumer who primarily shops in North American department stores. So we continue to see them as an important part of our franchise and we’re looking for that business to stabilize once the promotional environment improves which I know the stores are working on today.  In terms of use of cash, Michael do you want to answer that. 
Michael Devine : Sure, I think firstly I would start with the good news is that in spite of our challenges to the top line, we feel very good about the business’ ability to generate significant free cash flow which is why as Lew mentioned at the outset we’ve elected at this point to return additional capital to shareholders through a dividend program.  We also once again during the quarter bought back our stock at these accretive levels and as we mentioned we still have $710 million available to us under the buyback program. But first and foremost cash flow generation gives us the ability to continue to grow the business both domestically and with an increasing focus internationally. We stepped up this year and bought out our China distribution partner, so we could take control of that robust market and it was great to be able to have the free cash flow to be able to do that.  I think down the road we’ll look for similar opportunities to drive top line and bottom line growth and we have the cash position to allow us to do so. 
Lew Frankfort : Just to build on the international part very briefly, we are an international company. We are not yet a global business and its evident by our successes in East Asia, The Middle East, and now early stages China, that the opportunities for us are abundant and we are looking to develop an entry strategy as well for western Europe starting with England and France and even though we’re not in a position to be more specific then I am now, you can expect that these will be markets we will be entering in the next few years. Over [inaudible] we are enthusiastic about the opportunities outside North America and Asia and particularly because our concept as an accessible luxury brand resonates with consumers even more today then ever before. Consumers are looking for innovation, relevance, and value and as an alternative to the traditional luxury brands, there is no better choice then Coach. 
Liz Dunn – Thomas Weisel Partners : Congratulations on managing in a difficult environment, good luck.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Schick – Stifel Nicolaus  
David Schick – Stifel Nicolaus :  Just a question, if you look back now its been a pretty firm trend now over a year and the disparity between the revenue growth that you show and that the wholesale indirect business shows, how does that make you think about the structure of the company and maybe margins etc. over five plus years as we’ve seen this trend sort of continue to play out. 
Michael Devine : I’ll take the margin portion of it, we still, our wholesale divisions even at lower volumes are still remarkably profitable. We have very, as you’ve come to know us well, we have very small wholesale teams here in New York with modest in the field presence, US and internationally.  So the SG&A line of these wholesale divisions is extremely modest against a healthy gross margin rate so there’s no question that the divisions contribute in a meaningful way to bottom line rates of profitability. 
Lew Frankfort : The only thing I can add there is that from a grand positioning perspective, our philosophy is to offer consumers an opportunity to purchase Coach in image enhancing environments where ever they choose to shop and department stores continue, as I said earlier, to be a viable channel and we continue to participate in that venue.  
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erwan Rambourg – HSBC  
Erwan Rambourg – HSBC :  I wanted to come back on gross margin because you mentioned that you had essentially three elements weighing deeper promotion in outlets, channel mix, and adopting more of the sweet spot price positioning. As you mentioned that gross margin should stay at around 70%, 72% in the next few quarters, but you haven’t yet rebalanced fully towards the sweet spots. Should we, does that imply that deeper promotion in outlets and channel mix will be less of a concern in the next few months. 
Michael Devine : Yes, I think that’s a good assumption. We’ll see that channel mix moderate and we’re optimistic that we’ll be able to also moderate as we move into FY10 the level of promotions in the factory channel and then the big helper of course we mentioned earlier, is the great work that our supply chain is doing to get our average costs down through lower cost materials and negotiating with our vendors, looking at everything, turning over all the rocks from shipping and logistics costs and squeezing a couple of pennies out here and there will of course be helpful at our volumes. 
Erwan Rambourg – HSBC : I had just a little question on diversification because I’m surprised you’ve added beyond a fragrance a lot of different products now to the fragrance and cosmetic arena, will there be a time for you to launch more broadly beyond your own network in that area. 
Lew Frankfort : We always think about opportunities to distribute our products through other channels and some day its very possible we will.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you talk a little bit about the decline in inventory you saw from last quarter, how much of it was driven by the clearance of excess full priced merchandise at the factory stores. Are you still on track with that mid to high teens inventory in dollar terms at the end of this fiscal year.
Michael Devine : You’re right on point with both of your questions. Yes, we were able in a meaningful way to re-purpose the full priced merchandise that we carried out of Q2 into the factory channel and we made a significant move in selling those units out through that division.  I’ll also point out, the other metric as you know that we track is what percentage of what we sell at the register in the factory division is made for factory versus full price deletes and that metric did not move significantly year over year. We maintained a metric north of 60%, 62% I believe it was, 63% versus about a 65% last year so we’re still able to accomplish that, work through the inventory and yes, we’re feeling very good that we’re on track to deliver a year end inventory level that’s essentially flat in units.  So we’re feeling good about how we’re working the inventory issue.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Very well managed quarter. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: That will end the formal Q&A session, I’d now like to turn it over to Lew Frankfort, our CEO, for some closing remarks. 
Lew Frankfort : Well first I’ll thank you for participating with us and you can tell by our enthusiasm that we feel that we had a very good quarter and that it actually positions us well for this coming quarter that we’re in now as well as in the years ahead. I just wanted to leave you with a few thoughts, first, we do have a distinctive multi channel model with a very diversified consumer base and you need to appreciate that in having this model we have an opportunity to flex our marketing and promotional activities through our factory channel while maintaining the vibrancy of our full priced channel.  The businesses work extremely well together and as most of you know we do not go on sale in our full price stores. Its one of our tenants, we look to give consumers an excellent value every day and that’s what we’re doing and I think next year they’re going to think the value is even better.  And with that, have a good day and thank you very much.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-01-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Andrea Shaw Resnick - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations Lew Frankfort - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael Tucci - President of North American Retail Michael F. Devine - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs David Glick - Buckingham Research Group Lorraine Maikis - Banc of America - Merrill Lynch
Operator:  Good day and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick:  Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO, and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Mike Tucci, President of North American Retail, is also joining us. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences or control costs. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2009 results and will also discuss our strategies going forward. Mike Tucci will then review the holiday season from a U.S. retail perspective and discuss key initiatives for the spring season ahead. Mike Devine will continue with details on financial and operational results for the quarter. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session that will end shortly before 9:30 a.m. Lew will then conclude with some brief summary comments. I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO. 
Lew Frankfort:  Thanks, Andrea, and good morning, everyone. As noted in our release this morning, we were able to report second quarter sales and earnings per share that were only slightly lower than prior year despite the most challenging holiday season our company has experienced during my 30-year tenure. The heavily promotional atmosphere against a deteriorating economic backdrop impacted both traffic and conversion rates in our retail stores and department store locations and ultimately led to weaker than expected sales. Importantly, we achieved our goal of providing consumers with truly innovative wow product offering compelling value. We made the deliberate decision not to discount in our retail stores, protecting our brand equity, while our business model provided the flexibility to leverage our factory business. Before we discuss the details of our second quarter results, I believe it's important to touch on a few key points.  First, Coach is operating from a position of strength. We have made and will continue to make good sound business decisions to position us for profitable growth in the years ahead. We are continuing to build a foundation for growth by investing prudently. Our store fleet is strong, and we will be appropriately cautious about our square footage growth given the current backdrop. Our multichannel distribution model is diversified and includes substantial international and factory businesses, which reduces our reliance upon our full-price U.S. business. We will continue to protect our brand. The strength of our balance sheet and business model gives us the flexibility to adapt our pricing strategies to make the right decisions for the long term. Our toughest comparisons are to our own historic metrics. Second, all of our research and our experience points to the fact that the handbag and small leather goods category will hold up better than apparel and other wardrobing choices as a secular shift, which took us to the point, continues.  Third, we are working to rebalance our assortment for a much more price-sensitive consumer by effectively reducing prices 10% to 15% in FY '10 by rebalancing our handbag and small leather goods assortment. Mike Tucci will discuss this initiative in more detail shortly. Fourth, while we remain focused on innovation to support productivity, we will continue to exercise disciplined expense control, investing where prudent and cutting costs as appropriate. And lastly, when we do emerge from this downturn we will be well situated to build upon our leadership position and continue to gain market share. While I will get into further detail about current conditions and the outlook for the category and our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some key metrics of our second fiscal quarter were:  First, earnings per share declined 3% to $0.67 compared with $0.69 in the prior year. Second, net sales totaled $960 million versus $978 million a year ago, a decline of 2%. Third, direct-to-consumer sales rose 2% to $818 million from $803 million in the prior year on a comparable basis. Forth, North American same-store sales for the quarter declined 13%. And fifth, sales in Japan declined 1% in constant currency and rose 15% in dollars. During the quarter we opened six North American retail stores, including two in new markets for Coach - Sioux Fall, South Dakota and Modesto, California - as well as three factory stores. In addition, two retail stores and one factory store were expanded. Thus at the end of the period, there were 324 full-price and 106 factory stores in operation in North America. Moving to Japan, two locations were added. At quarter end there were 160 total locations in Japan, with 20 full-price stores, including 8 flagships, 114 shop in shops, 21 factory stores, and 5 distributor operated locations.  Indirect sales decreased 19% to $143 million from $176 million in the same period last year on a comparable basis. This decline was primarily due to reduced shipments into U.S. department stores. We continue to tightly manage inventories into the channel given weakening sales at POS, which declined 22% for the quarter as discounting in the channel reached unprecedented levels and Coach was generally excluded from these sales. International POS sales rose slightly in the period, driven by distribution while shipments declined. We estimate that the premium U.S. handbag and accessory category declined about 10% during the fourth quarter of calendar 2008. At the same time, Coach's bag sales declined 6% across all channels in North America. Our total revenues in North America were down 6%, with our directly operated stores off 1% as distribution growth offset nearly all of the negative comp performance.  We should note that in full-price stores our weak traffic patterns from the previous few quarters worsened considerably while conversion declined modestly and average transaction size fell slightly. Beyond the deteriorating retail environment, we would attribute this relative weakness in traffic and conversion to our deliberate decision not to engage in discounting when virtually the entire mall was on sale.  In factory, where we leveraged the flexibility inherent in our business model to drive sales through pricing, we continued to see increases, although at more moderate levels across all three metrics of traffic, ticket and conversion. While Mike Devine will get into more detail on our financials, and of course I will discuss our outlook in some detail, I wanted to give you this recap.  Now I'll turn it over to Mike Tucci to discuss our product performance for the second quarter, highlights of the second half as well as real estate and pricing strategies for FY '10. Mike?
Michael Tucci:  Thanks, Lew, and good morning. Lew has just given you a recap of the quarter, which was challenging in all respects, most notably in our full-price stores, where we held to our pricing and service standards. In factory, as mentioned, we used our promotional levers to drive sales and manage inventory.  As mentioned in our release, many of our customers responded positively to our new holiday offerings, though the significantly depressed backdrop and barrage of poor economic news clearly impacted spending.  Madison, the first lifestyle collection that fulfilled our strategy of compressing multiple years of product innovation into a single fiscal year, was the most important initiative during the quarter. It was well received by consumers, notably those silhouettes which reflected our sharper pricing initiative, such as the Sabrina Op Art satchel at $298. In addition, new items such as our $98 Madison wallet and Op Art Capacity wristlet at $119, were top sellers, while categories such as jewelry and fragrance were great giftables at sharp prices. This suggests an opportunity to better balance our assortment and realign our pricing strategy, which I will discuss in more detail in a minute. Turning to spring, we're enthusiastic about our transitional and seasonal offerings. As part of this transition, we recently introduced the Penelope Collection, offered in leather, our Classic Signature and Silk Shantung and Op Art across multiple silhouettes. These classic shapes, coupled with great functionality and nickel hardware offer broad appeal. A particular standout is our new Shopper Style.  Rounding out the third quarter introductions will be an updated Heritage Stripe group in February and the new Parker Collection in March. With its soft feminine pleats and twisted straps, Parker represents another significant design evolution for Coach. The collection is currently in pilot with excellent results in 10 stores across the country.  During the third quarter we will expand our sharper pricing initiative, offering especially compelling value in key silhouettes within each collection, such as the Heritage Stripe tote, Parker Op Art shoulder bag, and Signature Stripe satchel, all priced at $298.  Looking out to our fourth quarter, in April we'll deliver a collection of bags and accessories inspired by our Bonnie Cashin archives. And at the end of the month, just in time for Mother's Day, we'll complement our assortment with the introduction of Cricket, a spectator carryall-based item group in a broad range of colors. In summary, we're pleased with our spring and early summer lineup, which focuses on innovation and improved affordability. Moving to our stores, as you know, we've incorporated a discussion of new store performance as part of our quarterly recap for well over a year now, so I want to briefly touch on these metrics as a segue into a broader discussion of our real estate plans for the year ahead. Lew mentioned that we opened 28 stores in the first half, and I'm happy to note that they continue to perform well, hitting pro forma volumes at $1.8 million annualized rates. These new stores are very profitable and operate at high levels of productivity.  Given these strong metrics and our brand proposition, we are a highly desirable tenant and as such have ample real estate opportunities to choose from. Importantly, the flexibility built into our approval timeline provides us with the ability to nimbly manage our store openings schedule. However, it's also important to note that we will not be stubborn about new store growth and plan to adapt to the reality of the marketplace. Clearly, the retail landscape is changing. While this might mean more real estate opportunities for us naturally based upon the weakening consumer environment and the uncertain retail climate, we're being very cautious about entering into new deals today. Our primary focus will be on improving the productivity of our existing full-price fleet. Looking ahead to fiscal year '10, we're now targeting about 20 new North American retail stores rather than our customary 40. In addition, we'll focus on those store segments where we've seen the best relative performance, notably Canada, with 6 openings planned for next year, and new U.S. markets. In fact, a total of 13 of our FY '10 stores are targeted for new North American markets for Coach. In addition, we have decided to suspend retail expansion activity. Another important area of strategic focus in FY '10 will be the price positioning of handbags, a key lever in our ability to keep our full-price proposition strong and our sharp pricing initiative. We have and will continue to bring our regular retails down by 10% to 15% by rebalancing the handbag assortment from higher price points into the sweet spot below $300, while taking similar price reductions on women's accessories. We will exploit this opportunity by designing into this price point, engineering collections that can provide this exceptional value to our consumers, and generate excellent margins at the same time. This should drive our handbag penetrations higher, thereby improving mix, increasing ticket, and ultimately improving productivity.  Of course, we will continue to invest in newness across all price points, but over time our objective is to add more selection and weight to this under $300 price band to gain share in a changed consumer marketplace.  With that, I'd like to return the discussion to Lew to continue with our overarching strategy.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Mike. As we've discussed many times, we have two drivers of long-term growth - first is distribution, as we expand our global network of store locations with an emphasis on North America, Japan and China, and second is productivity, which we drive across all geographies through the introduction of innovative and relevant product and a compelling store environment.  What you have heard today from Mike and me doesn't change our long-term focus. We will continue to build market share here in the U.S. and grow our store base, although at a slower pace. We will continue to open new locations in Japan with a focus on regional markets and factory stores where the opportunities are greatest. And we will continue to develop the emerging market potential, completing the acquisition of our retail business in China during April, where our sales remain robust. It's important to underscore that we remain confident that in the emerging new reality of lower consumer spending in the U.S., the handbag and accessory category will continue to take share from other wardrobing categories such as apparel given the secular shift in spend that we have seen for the last decade. By offering her a balanced assortment of great product and exceptional value, we will continue to grow our market share position. At this time, I will turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further detail on our financials. Mike?
Michael F. Devine:  Thank you, Lew. Good morning, everyone. Lew and Mike Tucci have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our second quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues declined 2%, with direct-to-consumer, which represents over three-quarters of our business, up 2%, and indirect down 19%, primarily due to lower shipments to U.S. department stores. Earnings per share for the quarter decreased 3% to $0.67 as compared to $0.69 in the year ago period as net income declined to $217 million from $252 million.  Our operating income totaled $348 million in the second quarter versus $403 million in the same period last year.  Operating margin in the quarter was 36.3% compared to 41.2% in the year ago period.  In the second quarter, gross profit dollars declined 6% to $692 million from $737 million a year ago, but remain strong at 72.1% versus 75.4% in the prior year.  During the course of the quarter, we chose to increase discounting levels in our factory stores in response to the deteriorating retail environment, which was the primary negative impact to our gross margin. Channel mix and the sharper pricing initiative in our full-price divisions also dampened gross margin. We do expect all three factors to weigh on our second half results as well as we expand our sharper pricing initiative in the full-price division. SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales rose from prior year levels in the second quarter and represented 35.8% of sales versus 34.2%. While we are not providing specific guidance for the second half, I would note that should we see a continuation of 2Q sales trends, we would expect our expense ratio to remain well above prior year levels given our investment spending on China and the collections initiative, as well as the diminishing amount of variable expense savings available at lower store volumes.  For the quarter, the tax rate was slightly lower than we'd anticipated, coming in at about 38%. We would expect that this will be our effective tax rate for the balance of FY '09. Inventory levels at quarter end were $383 million, up about 39% from prior year on a comparable basis. On a unit basis, however, inventory was up 14%. This differential reflects our higher average unit costs. This inventory increase was also driven in part by the higher level of product newness in December versus prior years and by the strengthening of the yen over the period. Excluding these items, inventory would have been up 28% in dollars and 11% in units year-over-year.  This inventory increase allowed us to support 49 net new North American stores, 13 net new locations in Coach Japan from the year ago period, as well as our newly acquired Coach China stores. It should be noted that this increase in stores accounted for more than $16 million or 6 percentage points of the dollar increase in inventories. Before we leave the topic of inventory, I did want to note that our operating model, with a robust factory channel, allows us to view our inventory as currency. Our balances are of high quality, current merchandise, and we repurpose excess inventory very profitability through our factory stores. We do expect to have inventory units back in line by the end of our fiscal year, so, in short, we do not see our current inventory position as a long-term issue. Accounts receivable balances rose $50 million or 35%, primarily due to the timing of sales and the stronger yen. Once again, here we're very comfortable with the quality and currency of the receivables and would note that the vast majority of our December ending balances have been collected since the start of the new quarter. Cash and short-term investments stood at $424 million as compared with $891 million a year ago, reflecting the aggressive buyback activity over the last year. During the second quarter we repurchased 6.1 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $17.08. At the end of the period, $760 million remained available under the current repurchase authorization.  Net cash from operating activities in the second quarter was $256 million compared to $393 million last year during Q2.  Free cash flow in the second quarter was an inflow of $113 million versus $345 million in the same period last year due to higher CapEx, lower net income, and working capital items.  Our CapEx spending was $143 million versus $48 million in the same quarter a year ago as we completed the full purchase of our corporate headquarters here in New York City for a total of $126 million, which included a $103 million cash outlay.  As we indicated in our earnings pre-announcement earlier this month and our press release this morning, we are not providing specific guidance. Those of you who know us well will correctly assume that we've generated a number of scenarios for the back half of the year, utilizing a wide range of assumptions. That said, we believe that providing metrics or even a range of metrics for our business at a time of so much uncertainty about consumer spending behavior would be an exercise in false precision.  At the same time, we have absolute confidence in our ability to nimbly manage our business. Importantly, Coach's balance sheet strength and diversified multichannel operating models provide the flexibility to adapt our strategies to the rapidly changing environment while continuing to build the foundation for long-term profitable growth. Thank you all for your attention, and now Lew, Mike, Andrea and I will be happy to take some questions, which will be followed by a brief summary by Lew.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital:  Lew, if I could squeeze in two questions, the first one, can you talk a little bit about how you came to the repricing of 10% to 15%, why you guys believe that that is the appropriate level in terms of moving through some of the product?  The second question is I think Mike talked a lot about some new pilots that were performing better or above plan. Can you talk about how trends have been sort of post-Christmas or in January a little bit for us?
Lew Frankfort: Let me ask Mike Tucci to begin, and then I'll pick up the rest.
Michael Tucci: Sure. Bob, I'll talk a little bit about our current business and also about price positioning and Lew can add his thoughts as well. It is January, Bob, and I think we all know that the Christmas quarter was challenging. We do see importantly that there's been a stabilization in full price. We feel strongly that our decision to keep the stores fresh from a product standpoint, introduce newness on 1226 to capture that post-Christmas opportunity, was a very important move for us. And we're pleased with what we're seeing with the results in Penelope. We have new products hitting the stores in full price on Monday the 26th which will feature Heritage Stripe, and then we end the quarter with Parker, which is a very strong collection for us and it's performing well in pilot.  It's a very challenging time in the stores, certainly, from a consumer standpoint, but we believe that there is a stabilized trend here that somewhat gives us a sense of confidence.  On the factory side, we're very much concentrating on managing flow of inventory. The results there have been solid. We did manage the post-Christmas period very well in factory, and there again we have newness hitting the stores this weekend with the launch of our SoHo Collection in factory.  On the pricing side, the real opportunity for us is around balancing the assortment and providing more SKU choice across price ranges, and we've determined that if we look at our historical pricing, running the handbag business at $200 for a number of years and then moving north to $300 and in the more recent past getting into the $330 to $340 range, that $300 is a real important level for us to focus on to maximize handbag penetration in our stores.  And while a lot of the activity that we're putting into the stores currently is a reprice and it's done on the back end, the focus on our development for FY '10 is to do that on the front end and engineer that product and plan those assortments and invest in those assortments to hit that price bucket and bring our retails down to that $300 range as an average. 
Lew Frankfort: The only thing I'd like to add is that when we look at our historic handbag units of penetration in a single store, we actually determined that the optimal positioning for us was to have a sweet spot between $200 and $300. When we had an ample array of bags between that price range, we did our absolute best. And we do believe that with the value orientation that consumers have today more than ever that by effectively by rolling back prices through introducing new products into this sweet spot, we will be able to regain momentum and that's our intention. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group:  Can you talk a little bit about as you expand the lower price points potential impacts on gross margin and how you're thinking about the balance of the higher price versus the lower price in the assortment?  And just lastly, on Japan, how is the environment in Japan? What is the strategy there compared to the U.S.? Are prices being adjusted there also? 
Lew Frankfort: I'll begin and then ask Mike Devine to participate. I'll start with Japan.  The pricing initiative is a global initiative. What we want to do is become even more affordable than we have been. As you know, Dana, we've been very successful as an acceptable luxury brand and we realize that consumer spending will not return at the end of this period to prior levels, so we have to find the right balance so that we can be exceptionally compelling, both for aspirational consumers trading up and as an alternative to the European luxury brands. So when you look at our pricing, whether it's in Japan, Korea or in North America next year, you will see on average the price is 10% to 15% lower.  Mike, you want to comment on gross margin, if you would?
Michael F. Devine: Sure. Dana, if you go back and review how we've talked about this over the last couple of quarters, we actually anticipated the sharper pricing initiatives being about 100 basis points year-over-year on a compare '09 to '08. The good news is that the program has been successful and our sell-throughs for the sharper priced items have actually been stronger than anticipated, and as a result we're actually running above that. But that is again good news because it's driving higher net operating margin dollars while compromising the gross margin rate. I think as we've talked about a couple of times on today's call, with the environment we're facing, we're actually looking at expanding the program in the second half and into FY '10, so I think you could anticipate something more in the 150 basis point area on a year-over-year compare.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley:  The first question is I was hoping you could give us a sense of how traffic and sales trends played out throughout the quarter and maybe give us some commentary on a monthly basis. And then the second question is on inventory, up 39% on a comparable store basis. Any sense of how that lays out by channel would be helpful.
Michael Tucci: Sure. In terms of the second quarter, really important to note we have a very back-weighted quarter. December is the driver and it represents an enormous percentage of our total quarter, and the reality is that we saw a very challenging period from early December right up through Christmas in terms of traffic and sales trends. On the full-price side, I think we're all very well aware of what the market conditions were and what the promotional environment was, and that really weighed on our results overall. So it was difficult as we led into our peak period to see traffic and sales trends that really pulled down the quarter. As I said earlier, the post-Christmas period from a calendar standpoint and weighting standpoint was actually more positive and it did help us towards the very end of the quarter. 
Michael F. Devine: Michelle, Mike D. here and I'll take the question on inventory. I do want to first start out by reemphasizing what I spoke to in the prepared remarks is that the good news is we have a very robust factory channel. We are able to repurpose our inventory balances from our full-price division into factory stores and sell through at a very profitable operating income level. So what you'll see us do is adjust factory production down, made-for-factory product down, in the back half of the year, move the excess inventory balances that we're carrying out of Q2 into that channel, and as I said in the remarks, have units back in line by year end.  That being said, I think we're seeing inventory growth across channels, most notably our two biggest inventory pools, of course, are in the U.S. and Japan. Japan is up more dramatically because of the impact of FX, where the yen is much stronger than a year ago, but the increases are pretty well balanced across all business units and divisions.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC:  Can you talk a little bit about the department store business? I know it's a small part of the business and you planned it down. Are you going to in this environment try and exit doors as well as plan the business down?
Lew Frankfort: We're taking a very cautious approach, Christine, with the department store business, as we indicated. We actually shipped in much less inventory into the department stores in the fall and we're doing similarly in the spring. As far as rationalizing our doors in department stores, it so happens that we did that progressively over the last several years so that we're only in I believe about 60% of Federated's locations today. And indeed, in the store announcements for closure, for example, we don't offer Coach in any of those locations.  So we do feel that the distribution that we have within department stores still works. It's obviously a very important channel, viable, and we will continue to participate actively in our wholesale business in North America. 
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: And what about product assortment for that channel, any changes there versus your full-price stores?
Lew Frankfort: In our department stores, we have a much more concentrated assortment, as you know, much more highly edited and it's almost 100% handbags and accessories. They, too, will of course be a beneficiary of the rebalancing of our assortment back to this sweet spot between $200 and $300.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup:  Mike, I was just wanted to follow up on the inventory question. Could you give us any information on aging, how the aging compares this year to last year, and then just remind us how does the accounting work when you transfer goods from the full-price division over to factory? And you presumably get a slightly lower margin in factory; does that, I guess, pressure hit in the quarter when those goods are sold or did you already take some sort of an adjustment in the second quarter to reflect the lower expected margin on those goods once they do finally sell in the factory channel?
Michael F. Devine: Kimberly, let me go to inventory aging first. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're very comfortable with the aging currency of the inventory. It is current, high quality merchandise, largely in our sweet spot of handbags and women's accessories, and we're confident that we can move it and sell it through in the spring season in the factory channel. In terms of inventory accounting, we account for our inventories as they manufacture as opposed for as a retailer, so no, we have not taken any accounting charge as we anticipate moving inventory into the factory stores. We will realize the shorter margin as we sell through, but of course I have to remind you once again that the factory division actually drives a higher overall operating margin than our full-price division does today. So from a pure financial profitability metric, it actually will end up with a stronger op income result. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: I'm just a little confused by the color of the trend and just wondering if you could expand on it a little bit. On the one hand you just had your toughest quarter, when people had to purchase gifts for Christmas, and now that there's not necessarily any reason to buy except the newness that you talked about - and the product does look terrific - but you said that you're seeing a stabilized trend that gives you confidence, so I'm just wondering if you could expand on that.  And the other issue I'm confused about is why you wouldn't be assuming the worst in terms of consumer psychology and begin taking meaningful expense and headcount reductions as virtually all other companies in the space are doing?
Lew Frankfort: Todd, when Mike referred to stabilization of our trends, it is in reference to our Q2 trends, not to LY. So unlike Q2, where we indicated that we saw a worsening situation throughout the quarter, that deterioration has not continued into Q3. Mike D., why don't you comment around the other part.
Michael F. Devine: Sure. Yes, when it comes to managing expenses, we really believe that it's critically important that we seek to strike the right balance. Where appropriate, we need to aggressively cut expense to face the current reality, but at the same time we need to maintain our brand position and invest in growth initiatives such as China, for example, for our future.  But that being said, I do think that we have taken fairly strong and nimble actions around expense control, Todd. You may recall that on our Q1 call when we gave new guidance for the fiscal year FY '09, we actually pulled $40 million of expenses out of the year at that time. And if you actually look at our actual results for Q2 compared to the guidance at that time, we actually in Q2 alone went $24 million lower than the guidance at that time. So just on that, we're not giving specific guidance going forward; on that basis, we have pulled $64 million of expense out of the year as we walked into it with our initial planning.  So I'm really pleased with the way the organization has responded and feel good that we've acted fairly nimbly. That being said, with second half store volumes where they are, there is less further expense reductions. I wouldn't anticipate us taking additional expenses out of the second half at the same rate as we have in the first half, but we do still feel like there's a high single digit amount of expense leverage as we tweak sales volume. So I think we have acted nimbly. Mike Tucci in his prepared remarks talked about the actions we're taking around store count. We are not looking to expand any existing stores and are cutting our new opening pace in half in our full-price division. So I think we have taken a fair number of actions, while at the same time protecting our brand positioning, our service levels, and putting forward a modest amount of investment for future growth.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Mike, do you plan any corporate headcount reductions or have there been any?
Michael F. Devine: As we talked about on our last call, we have instituted what we're calling a Coach hiring frost. What we've done is we're really allocated increases in headcount only to those important growth initiatives, again, most notably China and our merchandising initiatives that we're now calling internally new venture, and so beyond that there's no plans at this current time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse.
Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse:  Just one clarification, then a question. Lew, did you say that during the quarter the factory channel traffic, ticket and conversion were up slightly?  And then my question, you know, you guys are talking about lowering prices 10% to 15%, and you're also talking about increasing store productivity. Does that imply that you're planning to order inventory in units up at least 10% to 15% or even above that to drive higher store productivity? Just wondering how those comments all tie together with how you're planning inventory in the future.
Lew Frankfort: All good questions. Mike T., you want to take the second part of the question?
Michael Tucci: Sure. In terms of inventory planning as we look into FY '10 and we're building those plans today, you have to really factor in our sell-through assumptions. And what's happening is while we are planning average unit retails in handbags to come down, we're planning on sell-through improvement, so we are buying very tight, which will mitigate unit increase. And of course, as we engineer product at lower retails, our cost base will reflect that as well.  So from an inventory position, we are managing the business very, very tight in terms of our forward buys.
Lew Frankfort: In terms of our factory stores, all three metrics - traffic, ticket and conversion - did rise moderately.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray.
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray:  Mike, could you clarify a little bit the commentary you were making on factory stores? I think those of us who have followed the stock for quite some time know that factory's a very profitable division for you, but are you actually implying that factory profitability's going to be up in your fiscal back half? I'm just trying to reconcile that with you taking down the made-for product on the product mix side.
Michael F. Devine: It's a good clarifying question, Neely. The answer is not that it will be up, I assume you mean on a year-over-year basis, but I wanted to emphasize the point that the factory division actually returns a higher four-wall operating contribution rate than the full-price division and so it takes a shorter gross margin rate. And the fact that we've been highly promotional in that channel in Q2 and we would anticipate into the back half will hurt our year-over-year compares, but nonetheless we still deliver very, very profitable four-wall operating returns higher than [inaudible] the full-price division.
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray: Mike, that's even when you take down your percentage of penetration on made-for products?
Michael F. Devine: That's correct.
Neely Tamminga - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then just one other housekeeping. The stabilization that you guys are speaking to in January from the, I guess, less negative is kind of the implication based on Lew's commentary, I'm just wondering is the delta here the conversion rate or is it the traffic? 
Michael Tucci:  The real improvement or stabilization is around traffic in full price.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs.
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs:  You referenced the strong balance sheet earlier on. Could you help us think about capital allocation buyback appetite, even CapEx, in light of the lower store growth? I'm just wondering the reined-in 20 store openings, is that in response to the current environment or should we be thinking about that as a shift in mind-set going forward and perhaps, you know, should we expect that to continue to trend lower?
Lew Frankfort: It's entirely a function of the current environment. We feel very strongly that we will once again, when the economy recovers, be well situated to achieve strong and profitable growth, and our opportunities continue abundant. What we're doing now, obviously, is adapting to an unprecedented retail environment, balancing both long-term and short-term considerations.
Michael F. Devine: In terms of CapEx, if you go back and look you'd see that our CapEx on an LY basis in FY '08 was about $216 million. Adjusted for the spend on the building, this year we're anticipating that that spend be around $180 million on roughly the same store count. So we have tightened our capital spending considerably, another action that we've taken this year around expense control.  From that you can adjust out expansions and 20 additional full-price stores next year. I think we're also likely to invest less with our U.S. wholesale partners going forward during this backdrop, so I think you'd see a number nicely below $180 million. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: And then, Lew, just following up on your comment, so should we be thinking about that as things improve we should be ramping back towards a 40-store opening?
Lew Frankfort: I think it's too early to provide that type of texture, although in a perfect situation the answer would be yes.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from David Glick - Buckingham Research Group.
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group:  Lew, just a question on the handbag category trends. My recollection is that Q1 the category was up mid single digits and obviously that decelerated to minus 10. I was wondering if you could give us some color, maybe some data that you have that you could share with us that gives you the confidence that handbags as a category is still gaining share and are those share gains similar to previous levels or have those share gains narrowed somewhat?
Lew Frankfort: A good set of questions, David. First, when we analyze the reason for the rate of decline, it was primarily our handbags being on sale at all levels at unprecedentedly low price points. And that doesn't really mean a unit decline. It really means a dollar decline that's a function of our handbags being on sale. Having said that, all of the research we do and we just fielded some research at the beginning of January to understand our consumer's purchase intent regarding bags versus apparel and other fashion accessories, and the reality is while consumers expect to spend less, they expect to spend relatively less in handbags than they do in apparel, and we think that trend will continue. Now our handbag sales in North America fell about 6% during the last quarter and we estimate the category fell about 10%. So in a very modest way, perhaps we gained market share, but we obviously did not feel very good about our results and we'd prefer to be in positive territory. And our general view is that when the market stabilizes, the handbag category will grow relative to apparel and assume a larger share of the consumer's wardrobing spend.
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group:  And then, Mike, maybe I missed it, but did you comment on your approach to share repurchases going forward? Obviously, you commented on the amount remaining; I assume you're going to be buying back stock. But if you could give us some color on how you guys are looking at that going forward.
Michael F. Devine: Yes, we did just mention how much we had left on our current authorization, David. You know, our view has altered somewhat on our buyback activity. In the current credit crisis, where liquidity is king, I think you'll see us take a little more cautious and conservative approach to maintaining high cash balances and probably slow down the pace of buyback.  In the last year we spent $900 million on buyback activity. If you go over an 18 month period, it's been $1.7 billion and we've taken 15% of our share count out. So we've been aggressive to date and it's benefited us, but in this current liquidity crisis we're going to be a little more conservative about holding cash.
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group: So it's not a suspension of the buyback, just a slowdown in the pace?
Michael F. Devine: Exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lorraine Maikis - Banc of America - Merrill Lynch.
Lorraine Maikis - Banc of America - Merrill Lynch:  I just wanted to get a little clarification on our expectations for 2010. I know you're planning price points down and you said that you're expecting sell-through improvement. Is that based on an improvement in the consumer's willingness and ability to spend or is that purely product driven?
Lew Frankfort: It's a function of multiple factors. One is distribution growth. As you know, we are growing our business across multiple geographies and that will continue in FY '10. Second, we do have a very diverse model and what's important to note, Lorraine, is that less than 30% of our sales are North American full-price sales. So we do have several businesses, factory businesses, international businesses, wholesale businesses, and other channels, many of which continued to grow during this period. So it's a combination of factors.
Michael F. Devine: I think also one thing I would build on Lew's point, also referencing something Mike T. said earlier, is we're also buying much more tightly going forward, which will also drive the stronger sell-throughs. 
Adrianne Shapira - Goldman Sachs: Thanks, Lorraine, for that concluding question. Thank you all for joining us on our conference call today. As Mike noted, I'd now like to turn it back to Lew Frankfort for a few closing words. Lew?
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Andrea. Obviously, we're in uncharted waters, Coach is and America is as well. We know our business well. We have a very strong franchise. We have a very excellent balance sheet. All of you know that we don't borrow. And when we talk about inventory being equivalent to currency and our ability to repurpose it, it's probably more true for Coach than any other company that I'm aware of. So we feel very comfortable with where we are. We will continue to manage cautiously and at the same time invest prudently.  And as I said earlier, our opportunities remain strong. We are the market leader. We will continue to build on that. And we do feel and believe strongly when the economy recovers we will be well situated to again achieve strong and profitable growth. Thank you and have a very good day, everybody. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the Coach earnings conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-10-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Andrea Shaw Resnick - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations  Lew Frankfort - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael Tucci - President of North American Retail Michael F. Devine - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley David Schick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Christina Colone - Thomas Weisel Partners Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC Stacey Widlitz - Pali Research David Glick - Buckingham Research Group Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Antoine Belge - HSBC
Operator:  Good day and welcome to the Coach conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick:  Thank you, [Shirley]. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. With me to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO, and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Mike Tucci, President of North American Retail, is also joining us. Before we begin we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements and certain projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions, and future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences or control costs. Please refer to our latest annual reports on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors.  Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. We presently expect to update our estimates each quarter only; however, the failure to update this information should not be taken as Coach's acceptance of these estimates on a continuing basis. Coach may also choose to discontinue presenting future estimates at any time. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our first fiscal quarter 2009 results and will also discuss our strategies going forward. Mike Tucci will review our key initiatives for the holiday season. Mike Devine will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter as well as our outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2009. Following that we will hold a question-and-answer session that will end by 9:30 a.m. I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort : Thanks, Andrea, and welcome, everyone. As you know, we just reported that first quarter earnings met our EPS guidance but fell slightly short of our top line goals due to the weakened retail landscape in North America.  While we're enthusiastic about the level of product excitement that will be available for holiday and believe that Coach will remain a brand of choice whether for self purchase or gifting, we're concerned that the weak traffic trends across our U.S. full price businesses will continue through the rest of the fiscal year. As a result, productivity gains over this timeframe will be difficult to achieve. Thus, we now expect to achieve sales growth of about 10% this year to about $3.5 billion versus our previous estimate of 13% top line growth.  Importantly, we have been proactive in planning for a tough retail environment for some time, managing our business nimbly and acting quickly to curb spending. We believe that our earnings guidance for the year can still be achieved through a combination of distribution growth, a focus on innovation to support productivity, disciplined expense control, and the share repurchases to date. At the same time, we will continue to invest prudently for long-term profitable growth.  While I will get into further detail about current conditions and the outlook for the category in our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first.  Some highlights of our first fiscal quarter were:  First, earnings per share rose 7% to $0.44 compared with $0.42 in the prior year.  Second, net sales totaled $753 million versus $677 million a year ago, a gain of 11%.  Third, Direct to Consumer sales rose 16% to $592 million from $511 million in the prior year on a comparable basis.  Fourth, North American same-store sales for the quarter rose 1%.  Fifth, sales in Japan rose 12% in constant currency and 22% in dollars, driven by new stores and expansions.  And finally, we successfully completed the first phase of the acquisition of our Retail business in China from ImagineX, transitioning the 10 stores in Hong Kong and Macau.  During the quarter we opened 21 net North American retail stores, including six in new markets for Coach: Calgary in Ottawa, Canada; Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Appleton, Wisconsin; Bakersfield, California, and Fort Myers, Florida, as well as one factory store. In addition, 7 retail stores and 3 factory stores were expanded. Thus at the end of the period there were 318 full price and 103 factory stores in operation in North America.  I think it's important to note that the performance of our new retail stores has remained strong and ahead of our internal projections. This includes the stores opened in the first quarter, for which we now have revised annualized volumes which are running at $2.1 million compared with our expectation of $1.9 million, about 11% ahead of plan. And as noted in the press release, we have seen this outperformance most notably in new markets such as Calgary and Baton Rouge, but also in existing markets such as San Jose. Clearly, these results reflect the strength of the brand and our ability to attract consumers, both in new and existing markets.  Moving to Japan, four locations were added while one was expanded. At quarter end there were 158 total locations in Japan, with 20 full price stores including 8 flagships, 113 shop in shops, 20 factory stores, and 5 distributor operated locations.  Indirect Sales decreased 3% to $160 million from $166 million in the same period last year on a comparable basis. This decline was due to reduced shipments into U.S. department stores as we continue to tightly manage inventories into the channel given weakening sales at POS, which declined 8% for the quarter.  International POS sales posted strong gains in the period, driven by both distribution and comparable location sales gains.  We estimate that the premium U.S. handbag and accessory category grew at a mid single-digit pace during the third quarter of calendar 2008. At the same time, Coach's bag sales rose 9% across all channels in North America.  Our total revenues in North America were up 8%, with our directly operated stores generating a 15% gain driven by both distribution and a slightly positive comp. We would note that in full price stores our weak traffic patterns from the previous few quarters worsened, while conversion held at last year's levels and average transaction size fell slightly. In Factory, we continued to see increases across all three metrics, driven in part by higher promotional activity on a year-over-year basis.  I also want to highlight another solid quarter for Coach's women's footwear. Our business in department stores, where we are now sold through about 900 locations, rose 6% at POS for the quarter.  While Mike Devine will get into more detail on our financials - and of course I will discuss our outlook in some detail - I wanted to give you this recap. As you know, I've also asked Mike Tucci to join us today to discuss our product performance for Q1 and our holiday sales initiatives. Mike?
Michael Tucci:  Thanks, Lew. As mentioned in our press release, each of our monthly introductions was well received, starting in July with Bleecker. This was followed up updated Hamptons and Legacy Collections in August and by Zoe, a new group of handbags and accessories, in September. Also in September we successfully introduced a new Coach fragrance, Legacy. Earlier this month we launched Madison, a new major lifestyle collection which is a softer, drapier and sophisticated group of handbags, accessories and footwear across multiple fabrications, including a new logo platform, Coach Op Art. We are especially excited about Madison as it represents the first collection that fulfills our strategy of compressing multiple years of product innovation into a single fiscal year. This is especially important at holiday, when our gifting opportunity is greatest. Our early reads on Madison show an improvement in handbag penetration as a percent of sales and a better balancing of our assortment overall. Our key item in this group is the Sabrina satchel, performing very well in both sizes, with prices ranging from $298 for the smaller version in Op Art to $798 in limited edition styles. Looking ahead to holiday, our customers will see important changes from previous years. First, a dramatic intensification of newness, notably in handbags. In the past we tended to frontload the quarter with the most significant delivery in October followed by more modest introductions in November and December. This holiday will build on October's Madison launch with powerful new product throughout the quarter.  Second, a focus on gifting, notably in a more bold accessory offering across a range of compelling price points.  And third, a retail presentation that truly appeals to holiday gift giving. Our in-store, web, packaging and advertising point of view will be more festive, colorful and exciting this season, anchored by the Madison Collection and great gifts.  Within handbags, Madison will remain front and center in our stores this holiday. We'll be updating the collection during the season with new colors in both Op Art and leather across key silhouettes such as the Sabrina satchel. In November we'll launch an updated Soho Collection driven by two new hobo silhouettes at core price points of $278 and $298 dollars, offering exceptional value. At the same time we'll be layering in Amanda, a chic whimsical collection of satin occasion handbags, clutches and accessories in bright colors which sit side by side with Madison.  And in December, Leah will be a key item focus. Sophisticated and functional, the lightweight Leah tote will be available in coated canvas, embossed patent and leather, priced between $298 and $398, all silhouettes feature a detachable shoulder strap, providing over the shoulder to cross body convertibility.  Moving on to gifting and our accessory focus, we will be dominant in small leather goods this holiday season. You'll see an item intensification to distort our gifting opportunity throughout the quarter and beyond. You'll also see more color, a wide range of price points, including our newest best-selling Madison wallet at $98, and a key item focus around money pieces, wristlets, swing packs and pouches in our stores and on the web. In new growth categories, we are expanding sterling silver to 120 additional stores in December, bringing the total to 220. And in fragrance and beauty, we'll be offering body lotion and gift set options as well.  Most broadly, our retail presentation in every way we touch the consumer will be infused with holiday energy and messaging. While our presentations will be straightforward and easy to shop, they'll also be more bold, colorful and emotional. When she enters a Coach store or visits us at Coach.com, she will clearly see newness and what we believe in as our key items. We're strengthening our visual merchandising such as propping and trim, making our stores more festive and providing a strong integrated gifting message supported by in-store marketing as well as our print and online holiday campaign, Holiday by Coach. Finally, it's important to note that we have achieved our targeted 10% to 15% reduction in handbag skews this quarter, enabling us to be more edited and productive in this challenging environment. Of course, in terms of stores, we will continue to manage labor against traffic, ensuring an excellent shopping experience while appropriately managing our payroll spend. And we will fully leverage the technology initiatives put in place over the last few years, including ERunner, smart scheduling, Coach by Special Request, and web store pickup, to name a few. With that I'll return the discussion to Lew to continue with our overarching strategies.
Lew Frankfort : Thanks, Mike. While looking ahead, as we've discussed many times, we have two sales drivers. First is distribution, as we expand our global network of store locations with an emphasis on North America, Japan and China. And second is productivity, which we drive across all geographies through the introduction of innovative and relevant products in a compelling store environment.  As we discussed, given the weak retail climate in North America, productivity gains will remain challenging through the remainder of our fiscal year. That said, we have been implementing four key strategies that focus on sustaining growth within our international framework. Our largest opportunity during our planning horizon continues to be in North America.  First, we're building share in the $8.7 billion North American women's accessories market. As we've already discussed, we're implementing a number of initiatives to accelerate product innovation, elevate our offering and enhance the in-store experience. These plans will enable us to continue to strengthen our leadership position in this market. Our second strategy is the continued growth in North American Retail. As you know, given the compelling returns we are continuing to generate, we plan to add about 40 retail stores a year in North America, including FY '09. This year this will include a total of 14 new markets for Coach. Prior to holiday, we expect to have opened a total of 28 full price stores, including a total of 6 this quarter. We will also continue to relocate and expand stores where appropriate. As I mentioned, based on the performance of our new stores, which have consistently outpaced their pro formas even as the economy has weakened, we believe that North America in total can easily support 500 retail stores, including at least 20 in Canada. And third, outside the U.S. we're continuing to increase market share with the Japanese consumer, driving growth in Japan primarily by opening new locations and by expanding existing ones. In FY '09 and in each of the next few years we plan to add about 10 net new locations in Japan and, as has been our practice, we will also continue to expand our most productive locations. Our fourth strategy is to raise brand awareness in emerging markets to build a foundation for substantial sales in the future. Specifically, China, Korea, and other such geographies are increasing in importance as the category is growing rapidly and Coach is taking hold. In FY '09, we're on target to open through distributors at least 20 net new wholesale locations in total.  In China we expect to open 5 new locations, 4 on the mainland and one in Hong Kong. As mentioned, during Q1 we successfully completed the first phase of our acquisition of our retail businesses in China, transitioning 10 stores in Hong Kong and Macau to Coach China. Over the next five years we expect to open 50 new locations in China, aggressively growing our sales and market share in this rapidly expanding region.  Our goal is to be one of the top three imported handbag and accessory brands. With the investments we plan to make in stores, marketing, organization and infrastructure, we're striving to replicate our success formula in Japan since taking control of that business there in 2001.  As you would expect, we're tightly managing our business. We have been addressing the unfolding economic crisis for more than a year now, and while it's not possible to fully insulate Coach from its effects, we've been pragmatic and forward thinking in our business strategies. We are closely managing inventories, controlling costs, and of course safeguarding our strong and loyal consumer franchise.  We will continue to deliver innovative products offering compelling value and intensifying our clienteling efforts, ensuring that Coach is top of mind this holiday season. By being proactive, maintaining our focus, and continuously delivering on our brand promise, we firmly believe we will emerge from this adversity a stronger company. At this time I will turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further details on our financials. Mike?
Michael F. Devine:  Thank you, Lew. Lew and Mike have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our first quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased 11%, with Direct to Consumer, which represents over three-quarters of our business, up 16% and Indirect down 3%, strong International sales and shipments, offset by weakness at U.S. department stores.  Earnings per share for the quarter increased 7% to $0.44 as compared to $0.41 in the year ago period as net income declined to $146 million from $155 million.  Our operating income totaled $233 million in the first quarter versus $239 million in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 31% flat compared to 35.3% in the year ago quarter. In the first quarter, gross profit rose 8% to $558 million from $518 million a year ago, and gross margin continued to be strong and on target at 74.2% versus 76.6% in the prior year. As expected, promotional activity, notably in the factory channel, which has yet to anniversary the overall higher levels of promotions which began in last year's second quarter, was the primary driver of the year-over-year change. Channel mix and the sharper pricing initiative also dampened gross margin.  As expected, SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales rose from prior year levels in the first quarter and represented 43.1% of sales versus 41.3%.  Inventory levels at quarter end were $402 million, up about 19% from prior year levels on a comparable basis, driven in part by an investment in key initiatives which position us well for the holiday season. In addition, the increase included the purchase of $5 million of inventory in China as part of the transition and was also impacted by the strengthening of the yen over the period. Excluding these items, inventories would have been up 16% year-over-year. It should be noted that we have changed our method of accounting for inventories of Coach Japan from last in first out or LIFO to first in first out or FIFO. As a result, as was noted in the press release, our prior year inventory number was restated by $25 million to be presented on a comparable FIFO basis.  This inventory increase allows us to support 53 net new North American stores, 12 net new locations at Coach Japan, and increase sales levels from the year ago period. Accounts receivable balances remained well controlled as they rose less than $8 million or 5%.  Cash and short-term investments stood at $410 million as compared with $1.2 billion a year ago, reflecting the aggressive buyback activity over the last year. During the first quarter we repurchased 10.5 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $28.53. At the end of the period, $863 million was available under the current repurchase authorization. Free cash flow in the first quarter was an inflow of $10 million versus $83 million in the same period last year, primarily driven by changes in working capital, the investment in China, and the timing of new store openings.  Capex spending for new stores and renovations as well as investment spending for the China acquisition was $54 million versus $39 million in the same quarter a year ago.  Now I'd like to provide you with some of our updated goals for fiscal 2009. For the second fiscal quarter we are targeting net sales of about $1.05 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of about 8%, an operating margin of about 39%, with a gross margin similar to first quarter's rate of about 74%, and an expense ratio of about 35%, resulting in operating income up about 2% year-over-year and earnings per share of $0.77. As we've noted, we are maintaining our $2.25 EPS guidance for the full fiscal year. Our goals regarding the other key financial metrics are: Net sales growth of about 10% to about $3.5 billion, driven by distribution gains.  As mentioned, we expect to open at least 46 new stores in North America, including about 40 full price stores and about 6 factory stores, 10 to 15 net new locations in Japan, about 5 new locations in China, and at least 20 net new international wholesale locations while we continue to expand select highly productive locations globally.  In Japan we expect to achieve constant currency growth of about 5% to 10%.  While we continue to focus on profitability, we expect gross margin to be impacted by both ongoing promotional activity, notably in factory, as well as the shorter margins we will take on select new product in our full price business to deliver exceptional value to our consumers. As a result, we are continuing to project a gross margin rate of about 74% for the full year. Similarly, given the investment spending we've outlined, we're anticipating an SG&A expense ratio of about 40% for FY '09. Therefore, we are targeting an operating margin of about 34% to 34.5%, resulting in more modest operating income growth of about 2% for the year.  In addition, significantly lower interest income due to lower rates and a lower cash balance due to share repurchases will also impact net income, while our tax rate in FY '09 should be at 38.25%.  Taken together, this brings us to our $2.25 EPS guidance for the year.  For FY '09 we expect Capex to rise to about $250 million, primarily for new stores and expansions both here and in Japan, as discussed, and including the $65 million purchase of onehalf of our headquarters building in New York. This reflects a $15 million decrease from our previous guidance, excluding the building purchase, as we have deferred certain projects with longer-term paybacks. While these are our current goals, our actual results may vary from these targets based upon a number of factors, including those discussed under the Business of Coach, Inc. and Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K. Coach also does not assume any obligation to update these targets as the year progresses. In summary, we're confident that our growth strategies will enable us to continue to gain share in the large and growing global market for fine accessories and gifts. Thank you all for your attention and now Lew, Mike, Andrea and I would be happy to take some questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital:  Lew, the question that I have for you is more forward-looking in terms of the holiday quarter and then sort of the rest of this fiscal year, but what are your assumptions around the category growth? You talked about what you saw so far this calendar year. How are you planning that within your forecast for the business?
Lew Frankfort : We're assuming little or no category growth even though the category did grow mid single-digits last quarter. We're really focused on Coach's growth and, as you know, we do have nearly 25% market share in the category so, as we go so will the category. And so it's hard for us to speak to other players, but we're confident that we will continue to grow our bag business through the holiday season and the rest of the fiscal year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley:  Mike, your expense levels were better than I would have expected given the level of sales. Has your leverage point changed at all or is it still that 7% for the Retail business? 
Michael F. Devine: We really are very pleased with our SG&A management. As you mentioned, our spending actually came in for the first quarter about $5 million below the level that we shared on our last call when we gave guidance for the quarter and really helped us to deliver that $0.44 EPS. And in fact the guidance that we've given now - the $2.25 - as you dive into it you'll actually see that we've taken out about $40 million in SG&A spend versus that initial guidance. So we really are tightening our belts, looking only at short payback spending initiatives.  We actually have what we're calling her a Coach hiring frost under way. We're virtually only doing hiring for our growth initiatives, most notably China, and our collections initiative on the merchandising side. So there's a number of things that we're doing by taking our revenue guidance down.  Of course, there's a variable component that contributes to that $40 million decline, things like percentage rent and store wages as traffic is off. Unfortunately, our bonuses also come down as earnings and net income come down.  So we feel really good. We're negotiating hard with vendors. We're looking at our T&E spend. We're also looking at capital spending, which has resulted in lower depreciation.  So all in all, I think what we're seeing, Michelle, is the 7% comp in the Retail division is probably still a pretty good number because of the highly variable nature of Mike's division there. But what we are impacting is the overall growth that we need to deliver SG&A leverage across the entire company by more closely managing corporate expenditures and also delivering more leverage from CJI's P&L.  So again - I'll repeat myself - we're very pleased with the way we've been able to manage SG&A and with this $40 million decline, if you allow us to adjust out the spending initiatives for China and for collections, we now actually will deliver, based on this latest guidance, a flat to slightly down SG&A rate as a percentage of sales. So there's a number of things going on here that are helping us to protect our earnings guidance.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: The second quarter question I had is on the weakness in the department store channel. I was hoping that you guys could give us some color there. Is it with a particular retailer? Any regional callouts that you can give us? 
Lew Frankfort : First, for context, department stores are very important to Coach because they do offer consumers who we target who shop in department stores an opportunity to purchase Coach. But having said that, they do only represent about 11% of our global sales. So everything that I'm about to say needs to be in the context that it's a minor portion of our sales. We're experiencing weakness across all of the chains that we deal with, however the weakness is more exaggerated, of course, in Florida and California. At the same time, we have relative strength in the Tri-State area, in sections of the Midwest and Southeast.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Schick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company.
David Schick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company:  So Lew, you just talked about - I think you talked about how those were, department store markets, doing by region. Can you talk about your full price stores by region, if there's anything vastly different or more disparity than typical?
Lew Frankfort : We're finding the same geographic patterns. We're primarily affected geographically in same stores by the varying economic conditions. So the Tri-State area is doing well. Canada, of course, continues to do exceptionally well. Sections of the Midwest are doing better than other regions as well.
David Schick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: And then separately, could you talk a little bit in more depth about the online business, how's online doing, e-mail open rates, sort of things that we might want to look at for customer's interest with either researching your product or doing business with you online?
Michael Tucci: We've spent an enormous amount of time on Coach.com, and I think you'll notice that what we would call the skin and architecture of the site has been significantly revamped from an experience standpoint, look and feel. We've managed our shopping path much more aggressively, trying to get the consumer more effectively to key places that she visits, obviously, our handbag business. Categories that are not as important in the store such as men's and footwear and online have all been targeted for growth. It's part of a multi-pronged effort, including the full re-platforming of Coach.com which will now happen in the beginning of the calendar year, and what we're seeing is a huge opportunity around segmentation and customization which we'll begin to effort against this holiday. So you'll see us doing a more tailored approach around e-mail. In terms of open rates and e-mail response rates, we are very, very disciplined there. We don't bombard people with a lot of e-mails if they choose not to engage, so we control that very, very carefully. Our e-mail productivity is very strong.  And it's important to note that we've also expanded our online presence with key department store resources out there, where we now have Nordstrom, Macy's, Dillard's offering Coach products within their websites. And that's been very important to us to maintain growth or certainly protect growth within the online category overall.
David Schick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: So you said you're careful about it, but are you still pleased as we head into the later part of the year with open rates and things like that?
Michael Tucci: Absolutely. And in fact, what I want to underscore is that we are not, while e-mail can be an effective way to get a lot of messaging out there because it's virtually free from a cost standpoint, we're not going to use that irresponsibly. We are very careful to not bombard consumers with email messaging that we actually believe to be intrusive. It's not an enormous piece of our overall online business, but it's an important messaging tactic for us. We are very, very optimistic about engagement and open rates within Coach.com.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup:  My question's on square footage growth beyond the current fiscal year. And obviously business here in North America is tough for everybody and it feels like it's getting worse. Do you think it might be prudent to slow down the square footage growth at least in North America until we see some sort of stabilization in the broader economy?
Lew Frankfort : The short answer is that we continue to be significantly profitable incrementally and, as I mentioned earlier, when we open new stores, they're profitable from day one. And we have a long view. We will obviously weather this economic crisis and we believe that we will come out of this adversity a stronger brand and business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christina Colone - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Christina Colone - Thomas Weisel Partners:  So we understand that your new stores are still very productive and profitable and you remain committed to open the 40 new stores, but we were just wondering do you think so far that your growth in the market has impacted your comps by causing cannibalization and gross margin pressure?  And then also, has there been any discussion internally about slowing the growth to preserve margin and comps and potentially improve returns?
Michael Tucci: It's obviously an area that we manage very carefully. In terms of new store development, we have been very careful to open new stores in a very balanced way, across new what we would call developing and existing markets. And I think what you'll see us doing going forward is managing that open to buy. What we're very, very pleased with is the performance of new stores, in particular in new and developing markets, which have little to no cannibalization impact on our business. We are currently, to be clear - and we had a sense that this would be a topic of discussion we are currently managing the opening pattern for the stores that opened within this fiscal year. We've got a handful to open this quarter, 12 to open in the back half, and we're managing our real estate open to buy for next year. And we're fairly confident that we can achieve our opening plans.  The mix of stores for next year is likely to be more skewed towards new and developing markets than it has been in the past, which we see as a very high opportunity for distribution growth for us going forward. We also continue to be very pleased with the pure levels of performance in these stores. As we said, we're averaging about $2 to $2.1 million in new stores through the openings this year - that's a very, very strong number - in markets where we have introduced the Coach brand to the customer with a full line store.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC:  I wanted to ask, you mentioned that average transactions were only down slightly. Is that because customers are gravitating towards lower price point bags or is it because the mix has shifted because of jewelry and fragrances? And how are handbags $400 and up doing? 
Michael Tucci: Our average transaction size is being impacted mostly by mix within the quarter that we just reported. As we've introduced certain categories with lower price points - like jewelry and fragrance - and as we've seen some very significant growth in small leather goods, that has impacted our average transaction. Handbags over $400 continued to do very well. We actually within the quarter had penetrations of north of 30% in handbags over $400 within the handbag category. That's a tremendous number. And I might add that what we're seeing with Madison, which is a very, very well-priced collection from an elevation standpoint, is an improvement in handbag penetration which is impacting average transaction positively. Now it's very early in the launch, but we're pleased with our efforts around Madison to give us handbag growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from Stacey Widlitz - Pali Research.
Stacey Widlitz - Pali Research:  Can you just comment on your approach to discounting in the full price environment, for example, when consumers receive $50 off in the mail, and how you sort of strike a balance between training consumers to wait for that discount in the mail? 
Michael Tucci: Sure. We should really give context on this. We are a full price proposition, 365 days a year full price proposition. We have one price in our stores, and we manage our business accordingly. We have, I think, done a very good job of offering targeted opportunities to preferred customers to shop in our stores and receive discount incentives. And we're currently finding opportunities to manage that, I think, more effectively. Our target for Q2 is to manage that portion of our business in a very disciplined way, and I want to ensure you that our current plans actually assume a lower level of activity, which is a small portion of our overall business, a lower level of activity in that piece of our business within the quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Glick - Buckingham Research Group.
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group:  Mike, I was wondering if you could continue a little bit on Madison and give us a little more color about the successes you're seeing there and also whether your strategy to shorten the IMU on selected items is giving you the sell-throughs, accelerated sell-throughs, that you had anticipated and, if so, are you increasing the penetration of that strategy for holiday and spring? 
Michael Tucci: Sure. I'm going to start with the last piece first. You know, one of the things that we're learning with Madison and it really gives us a lot of conviction, great product is a real differentiator. We spent an awful lot of time on the positioning of Madison and what it would say to a consumer when she entered our store. And I think, for those of you who've been in our stores, you can really cut through to a very different proposition in terms of emotion, feel, and pure product offer. Now in terms of hard numbers, Madison is anchored by Sabrina. It's a collection where we have a singular style offered in two sizes across price points from $298, which we see as a real key broad price point, all the way up to $798.  And Sabrina in and of itself is representing about 20 points of penetration. That's a heck of a number, a heck of a number on one style, and something we believe we can build a new business around from a platform standpoint.  A very balanced effort from a selling standpoint across what we would say is multiple fabric messaging, so we have a very strong leather penetration.  The introduction of Op Art, which is a new logo platform for us, and right now Op Art executions and all other fabrications are roughly 50/50. That's a tremendous win for us in terms of a balanced offer. We're not overly dependent on one fabrication versus another.  And we also think that Madison gives us an opportunity to provide a more broad view into the business through other categories, so we see the extension of Madison from handbags into strong small leather goods selling. You'll see Amanda, which hits the stores this Friday with our November floor set, offering a different point of view within Madison around small leather goods, what we would call occasion pieces, and great giftables. In addition to that, we've seen strong response to Madison in footwear.  So we're very pleased with it. Of course, the world is a different world today. We're operating in a very tough climate. But we believe that we can offer innovation and product newness to the consumer and she will respond.
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group: In terms of your pricing strategy on the shorter IMU, what kind of results are you seeing with where you've taken that strategy and are you looking to expand that strategy going forward?
Michael Tucci: I think for the moment we should really concentrate. Within Q2 we've done some sharp pricing and you see some of the price points within Sabrina being very, very smart. Soho offers a more core price positioning for us at $278 and $298, and I would say that that is a tremendous balance for us from Madison to a more core offering. And that collection hits on Friday with our floor set. So we believe that that will further reinforce a more balanced price offer, and then we follow up in December with Leah, which is a strong key item tote, and that begins with a $298 offering.  All of these price points are baked into our forward guidance around margin. We've built our turn plans based on these price points. And I think we'll speak to our positioning on pricing as we learn from Q2 later in the year, in Q3 and Q4, and we'll share that with you in future calls.
Michael F. Devine: So David, just to build on what Mike said, there is an assumption going forward into the second half that smart pricing will continue, and that is baked into our guidance for the full year gross margin rate of 74%. 
David Glick - Buckingham Research Group: And Mike, just real quick, the $2.25 guidance, does that include any share repurchases? Typically it doesn't; I just wanted to confirm that.
Michael F. Devine: Yes, we're consistent on that one. Just the completed share repurchase activity that we shared with everyone in the release for Q1. Nothing beyond that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group:  As you look at product costs, are you seeing a difference in product costs that allow you to get these sharper prices also? And secondly, any updates on the gallery format that you had rolled out in footwear, watches, and any ancillary categories?
Michael F. Devine: Why don't I take the product cost issue, firstly, and then we'll handle the second question later. I think, Dana, the cost environment is pretty consistent with the snapshot we gave you at the end of Q1. Certain raw material input costs are actually helping, most notably leather. Because of worldwide demand, we're able to buy leather today for slightly below what we were paying for it at last year levels. We also have, through Jerry Stritzke's supply chain organization, many, many initiatives ongoing around qualifying new sources and alternative sources for different raw goods that go into the production of our product, and those continue to proceed. That's the blocking and tackling, but there's a long, long list of items that we're working on to try and squeeze cost savings out. At the same time, there are other inflationary pressures - the Chinese currency and minimum wage, fuel surcharges, etc. So we don't see a significant change from where we were a quarter ago. We think that there's enough proactive activities embedded to hold gross margins pretty steady to that 74% guidance that we've had all fiscal year long. So nothing too terribly different now versus 90 days ago.
Michael Tucci: Dana, on gallery, we're spending a lot of time in Short Hills. That store is performing very well. We believe in the concept. We are in the final stages of build out on our second gallery store, which opens mid-November in King of Prussia. That format will be a larger format. It's about 5,500 square feet. A little more width allows us to do a more impactful men's presentation within the gallery concept, which we're anxious to learn about.  And we've already made some small modifications within Short Hills around positioning; to your question around footwear, we've actually repositioned footwear within that store, which has been a very successful business for us towards the center of the store.  Footwear overall has been a nice story for us, and what we're very pleased with is we've been able to manage productively a handful of footwear styles from an all-store point of view. And it allows the customer, particularly around some of the more casual executions and things like sneakers, to really get a multiple purchase, more head-to-toe Coach experience. We will be adding footwear selectively to stores going forward. It's not an enormous rollout, but here and there we will be adding footwear shops into a handful of stores as we expand. On the watch side, we are actually focusing our watch growth to the 110 top stores in the company with a full presentation. And we're looking at the balance of stores to reposition watches to allow us some additional room for growth around small leather goods, and we think that's a tremendous productivity opportunity for us.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Any update on the jewelry side or the real estate environment in dealing with the real estate developers? Are you getting better deals?
Michael Tucci: Jewelry's actually an opportunity for us in Q2. I spoke earlier about sterling silver rolling to more stores, and I think we're really spent enough time in terms of development environment. This is not a big deal-making time for us. We're focused on executing Q2 and holiday.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates.
Jennifer Black - Jennifer Black & Associates:  Lew, I wanted to know what your thoughts are as far as this less conspicuous environment that we're in. It seems like it would be beneficial to you. And then also you've talked about over the years the number of handbags a woman purchases in a year. For awhile it was up to four to five. What do you anticipate this number to be over the next six months to a year in this kind of tough economy?
Lew Frankfort : Well, first, Jennifer, we don't expect any change in the rate of handbag purchase. It will be more or less the same. It could be more, depending on how wowed she is by Coach product and that's why we decided to compress multiple years of innovation into one year, so that we can give her a particularly compelling offering when she's reluctant to spend, to emotionally entice her. In terms of us being a particular beneficiary, candidly, no one benefits from an economic climate such as the one we're in. Everyone is affected. And as we said throughout our discussion, we're looking to continue to navigate jointly through these waters.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: It just seems as though that women - and from what I've heard - are trading down from, say, a $2,400 handbag, and that's kind of what I was referring to. And it seems as though your brand would be in a position to benefit from that. 
Lew Frankfort : Well, certainly we would benefit from that. We would.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: I wanted to know your initial responses to the SLGs, your little shops that you've set up. What are the margins compared to handbags?
Michael Tucci: Jennifer, it's very early in terms of our SLG intensification. We actually just completing it this week. It'll be fully executed with the launch of Amanda and the Soho floor set, which happens on Friday.  From a margin standpoint, we've said many, many times that SLG margins are very consistent with our handbag margins. It's a growth opportunity for us and you'll see us attacking that very aggressively. 
Operator: Your last question comes from Antoine Belge - HSBC.
Antoine Belge - HSBC:  Could you comment on the performance of factory versus full price in the quarter and also how you see it evolving in the final quarter?
Michael Tucci: Sure. As we've said, within the quarter we actually saw a weakening of traffic patterns from the previous few quarters within full price. And the good news against that was conversion basically held at last year's levels, with average transaction down slightly.  In factory, we continue to see increases across all three metrics, and that's driven in part by higher promotional activity within the factory channel and obviously the discount environment within factory and a slightly better traffic pattern there. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you. That will conclude our Coach earnings conference call. It is now 9:31 and the markets are open. Thanks, everyone, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude Coach earnings conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Andrea Shaw Resnick – IR Lew Frankfort – CEO Michael Devine – Executive VP & CFO
Analysts:  Robert Drbul - Lehman Brothers Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley Christine Chen - Needham & Company Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Antoine Belge – HSBC Adrianne Shapira – Goldman Sachs Paul Lejuez– Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Coach conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time for opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick; you may begin. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO, and Michael Devine, Coach's CFO.  Before we begin we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth.  We presently expect to update our estimates each quarter only. However the failure to update this information should not be taken as Coach's acceptance of these estimates on a continuing basis. Coach may also choose to discontinue presenting future estimates at any time. Now let me outline the order of speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will begin with an overall summary of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2008 results as well as our plans for the new fiscal year.  Michael Devine will then follow with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter and year as well as our outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2009. Following Michael we will hold a Q&A session that will conclude promptly by 9:30 a.m. I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you Andrea and welcome everyone. As we announced our fourth quarter and fiscal year end results we are pleased with our performance and remain confident in our long-term prospects. We expected the current consumer malaise which affects retail spending will remain in place well into 2009 significantly impacting our business. At the same we expect to generate profitable growth although at a lower rate as we continue to use promotional activity to drive our factory business and price select new product more sharply to deliver compelling value. The opportunities both here at home in North America and abroad notably in emerging markets remain abundant. In fiscal 2009 we will invest notably in Greater China and to merchandising initiatives including what we call Collections.  Our performance in FY 2008 was highlighted by an increase of 22% in both revenues and EPS. It was a year of many accomplishments including first, the opening of 47 total net new stores in North America; 38 net new retail stores; and nine new factory stores. Second a 10% increase in North American comparable store sales for the year. Third, continued strong growth in our indirect businesses driven by both productivity and location growth notably in international wholesale.  And fourth another excellent year for Coach Japan, retail sales there rose 14% in constant currency and 23% in dollars to nearly $600 million despite flat category sales for imported bags and accessories in Japan. Coach strengthened its number two position in this market with an approximate 13% share this year, up from 11% last year. Finally we announced the phased buyout of our retail businesses in Greater China along with our development strategy for the region. Separately I would add how pleased I am with the creation of the Coach Foundation with an initial grant of $20 million in keeping with our commitment to promote corporate philanthropy.  Our strong annual performance was capped off by a solid fourth quarter as we announced increases of 20% in both sales and earnings per share. Some highlights of our fourth fiscal quarter excluding one-time items were:  earnings per share rose 20% to $0.50 as compared to $0.42 in the prior year while net income rose to $172 million from $159 million; net sales totaled $782 million versus $652 million a year ago, a gain of 20%; direct-to-consumer sales rose 22% to $659 million from $541 million in the prior year; North American same-store sales for the quarter rose 7%; and sales in Japan rose 12% in constant currency and 30% in dollars. During the quarter Coach opened 12 North American retail stores including six in new markets for Coach: Malvern, Florida; Shreveport, Louisiana; Edmonton, Alberta, Canada; McAllen, Texas; Wichita, Kansas; and Springfield, Missouri. We also expanded an additional four locations and closed two others. In addition on new factory store was opened and 11 were expanded. At the end of the period there were 297 full price and 102 factory stores in operation in North America. In Japan we opened seven new locations. At quarter-end there were 154 total locations in Japan. This was a net increase of 12 locations from the 142 at year end 2007. In addition Coach expanded two locations during the fourth quarter bringing the year end total to 11 expansions in Japan.  Indirect sales increased 11% to $123 million from $111 million in the same period last year. During the quarter POS sales at US department stores were essentially even while international POS sales grew by more then 30%. We estimate that the premium US handbag and accessory category grew between 5% and 10% during the first half of calendar 2008. At the same time, Coach’s bag sales rose 15% across all channels in North America.  As mentioned we were pleased with our overall performance in North America this quarter against difficult comparisons across all channels and a deteriorating economic backdrop which impacted traffic into malls and US department stores. Our total revenues in North America were up 18% with our directly operated stores generating a 22% gain driven by both distribution and an overall high single-digit comp. We would note that in full price stores our weak traffic patterns from the previous two quarters continued while conversion rose and average transaction size fell slightly. In factory we continued to see increases across all three metrics. For the full year we experienced 20% growth in North America including a 22% sales increase generated by our stores. I also want to highlight another strong season for Coach women’s footwear as our business in US department stores where we have sold through nearly 900 locations rose 21% for the most recent quarter. While Michael Devine will get into more details on our financials I wanted to give you a recap of Coach’s performance and touch on some of the product highlights of the fourth quarter. Across all channels, handbags and women’s accessories continued to drive our business as the look of our product continues to evolve reflecting changing consumer preferences. The consumer responded well to our innovative spring and summer offerings, most notably our Pleated Ergo collection led by the [famed] Satchel, a particularly popular style. Other successes included the introduction of our evolved Soho collection. In addition our over $400 handbag offerings continued to perform strongly. Innovation will be a critical factor for success in FY 2009 as the consumer remains reluctant to purchase. Thus as mentioned last quarter we’re compressing multiple years of innovation into FY 2009 to create a particularly compelling offering to further inspire our customers to spend. This will of course also provide a new foundation for us to build upon in future seasons and years.  Last quarter we also touched on four main areas we’re focusing on; product, the in-store experience, merchandising and stores. First, product which is the foundation of our brands. We are enthusiastic about our evolved lifestyle platforms that we’re launching this year which presents a fresh face for Coach. You will notice a significant shift notably in handbag attitude to be more feminine featuring lighter weight leathers in new finishes and refined hardware in many collections.  In addition we’re offering a more robust assortment of small accessories at attractive prices. As mentioned in my opening remarks we are also pricing select new products which feature more sophisticated materials and [makes] to deliver particularly compelling value at a time when the consumer is less willing to spend.  Starting with July we introduced an expanded collection of Bleecker handbags including the new tote style which is already a best seller. We just installed our August floor set the other day featuring Hamptons which is anchored by our popular carry-all. This collection has been reinterpreted with a softer, more feminine aesthetic.  Next month in September we will be introducing the Zoe handbag group, a softer rounded version of our immensely popular Carly Bag and a new chic Legacy collection. At the same time we’re also looking forward to our second Coach fragrance, Legacy, which will be available in Coach stores this fall.  We are particularly enthusiastic about the launch of Madison this October, a key focus for holidays. This collection includes a broad array of lightweight handbag silhouettes including satchels, wallets and accessories. By the way, we have been piloting Madison in 10 retail stores here in the States and have been very encouraged with the initial results. Making its debut in the Madison Collection is Coach OpArt, a new visually compelling logo treatment inspired by the mid-twentieth century OpArt movement. This abstract geometric pattern is an example of the continued evolution of Coach energizing the look, feel and attitude of every style in the collection. Moreover it provides us with an entirely new logo platform for us in future groups and collections. In addition this holiday we will significantly intensify the amount of new product [inaudible] during the November and December to match the repeated visits of our customers throughout the holiday season.  Second we have just begun to implement new initiatives targeting our in-store experience, they include new store formats such as Gallery which we are piloting in Short Hills, New Jersey. I know at least a few of you have visited the new store which opened in early June where we have already gleaned many learnings. The larger format enables us to showcase the entire world of Coach including our broad assortment of handbag collections, and at the same time allow for flexibility within the store for new growth opportunities such as fragrance, scarves, small leather goods and jewelry; all against an elevated residential backdrop like our legacy store on Bleecker Street. Consumer response has been very favorable particularly around the elevated assortment, enhanced presentations and evolved service offerings. In addition we’re enjoying a nice uptick in sales trend in this new location.  Third we will be implementing new merchandising strategies. We are currently reducing the density of our handbag assortment by about 15% to 20%. This enables us to be more directive offering a stronger point of view. In about 40 flagship locations globally, we have begun to introduce a feature table concept as used in our Bleecker Street store where we showcase the product in a less structured and more approachable manner.  You will also notice more presentations by color which lends a different point of view to our product assortment. And lastly we are incorporating a range of additional decorative elements to further create a residential feeling including elevated artwork, plants, mannequins, and so forth. Finally we have modified our tiered distribution strategy in order to enhance the cache of our North American flagships. We selected about 40 of our current 75 flagship locations which will be elevated through limited addition offerings and pinnacle lifestyle product. They will also receive the enhanced pictures and decorative elements that I just mentioned. The remaining stores will then fall into the fashion segment. The re-tiering is now in place and many of the enhancements discussed earlier will be rolled out to these stores as well.  We are also investing in further developing the talented team who work in our stores. I just attended our Annual Store Managers Conference which took place in Orlando. The theme of the conference was evolution and focused on our product innovation and building the sales competencies of our field teams. As always I was struck by the passion and commitment of the Coach retail field teams. As some of you may know we have the lowest turnover in the industry and promote a significant majority of our store managers from within. Looking ahead as we’ve discussed we have two sales drivers. First is distribution as we expand our global network of store locations with an emphasis on North America, Japan and Greater China. And second is productivity which we drive across all geographies through the introduction of innovative and relevant product in a compelling store environment.  To this end we’ve been implementing four key strategies that focus on sustaining growth within our global framework. Our largest opportunity during our planning horizon continues to be in North America. First we are building share in the $8.7 billion North American women’s accessories market. As I have already described we are implementing a number of initiatives to accelerate product innovation, elevate our offering and enhance the in-store experience. These plans will enable us to continue to strengthen our leadership position in the markets. Our second strategy is the continued growth in North American retail. Given the compelling returns we are continuing to generate we plan to add about 40 retail stores in North America in each of the next several years including this year, FY 2009.  During this year our new openings will include 14 new markets for Coach such as Bakersfield, California, and Fort Myers, Florida as well as Calgary and Ottawa in Canada. Prior to holiday we expect to have opened a total of 28 full price stores. We will also continue to relocate and expand stores where appropriate. Based on the performance of our new stores which have consistently outpaced their [inaudible] by about 20% this year, we believe that North America in total can easily support 500 retail stores including 20 in Canada. And third outside the US we are continuing to increase market share with the Japanese consumer driving growth in Japan primarily by opening new locations and by expanding existing ones. In FY 2009 and in each of the next few years we plan to add about 10 net new locations in Japan and as has been our practice we will also continue to expand our most productive locations.  Our fourth strategy is to raise brand awareness in emerging markets to build a foundation for substantial sales in the future specifically Greater China, Korea and other geographies are increasing in importance as the category is growing rapidly and Coach is taking hold. In FY 2009 we are on target to open through distributors at least 20 net new wholesale locations in total while in Greater China we expect to open five new locations; four on the mainland and one in Hong Kong.  As we announced in late May we are in the midst of acquiring our Greater China retail businesses in Hong Kong, Macau and the mainland from ImagineX in a phased buyout. At the same we shared our strategy for Greater China as over the next five years we expect to open 50 net new locations aggressively growing our sales and market share in this rapidly expanding region. Our goal is to be one of the top three imported handbag and accessory brands. With the investments we plan to make in stores, marketing, organization and infrastructure, we are striving to replicate our success formula in Japan since taking control of the businesses there seven years ago in 2001. This acquisition will be slightly dilutive to Coach’s consolidated financial results in the near-term which Michael will discuss more in just a moment.  However taking control of brand building and distribution at this critical juncture will lay the foundation for a substantial contribution of these businesses in the future. Beyond these four key growth strategies and as noted in the press release, FY 2009 will be a year of investments as we strengthen the foundation for long-term growth. This spring we announced a new business initiative known internally as Collection to drive brand creativity and reinforce our goal to be known as a great American design house.  It will encompass all women’s categories with a focus on bags, women’s accessories, footwear and jewelry. This new venture will serve as an incubator for fast track, leading edge, exclusive product that will create a halo affect by providing additional design inspiration to our broader offering.  I think it’s important to note that while we will plan cautiously until we see a clear signal that the consumer is strengthening, we will also continue to invest in our future as we manage the business for the long-term. We remain well positioned to continue to capitalize on the opportunities available to us and have the strategies in place to realize our long-term growth plans regardless of the near-term environment. At this time, I’d like to turn it over to Michael, our CFO for further detail on our financials.
Michael Devine: Thanks Lew, Lew has just taken you through the highlights and strategies let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our fourth quarter and year end results. As mentioned our quarterly revenues increased 20% with sales of our direct business up 22% and the indirect business as expected up 11%. For the year total revenues rose 22% which sales generated by our direct channel rising 21% while our indirect revenues rose by 25%.  Excluding the impact of certain one-time items which I will touch on in a moment, earnings per share for the quarter increased 20% to $0.50 as compared to $0.42 in the year ago period as net income rose to $172 million from $159 million.  For the full fiscal year earnings per share rose 22% to $2.06 as compared to $1.69 posted in FY 2007 as net income rose to $742 million from $637 million. On the same basis our operating income rose 14% to $281 million in the fourth quarter versus $245 million in the same period last year.  Operating margin in the quarter was 35.9% compared to 37.6% in the year ago quarter. For the full fiscal year operating income rose to nearly $1.2 billion, a 19% increase. Operating margin for the year was 37.1% compared with 38% even a year ago.  In the fourth quarter gross profit rose 16% to $593 million from $509 million a year ago and gross margin was 75.9% versus 78.1% in prior year. During the year gross profit rose 19% to $2.41 billion as compared to $2.02 billion a year ago while gross margin rate was 75.7% versus last year’s 77.4%. Most of you I’m sure will remember in our third quarter due to the unprecedented single quarter move in the Yen we experienced a significant gross margin hit when we marked to market our Yen inventory [ship in] margin elimination. At that time we also provided guidance to our fourth quarter gross margin of 75% flat. And we assumed that the Yen would end the quarter also flat at around 100 to the dollar. As the Yen actually weakened over the period ending at about 106 we had a benefit to gross margin of about 80 basis points. Before one-time items and as expected SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales were below prior year levels in the fourth quarter and represented 40% of sales versus 40.5% a year ago; a 50 basis point improvement. For the full year SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales improved 80 basis points to 38.6% from 39.4% a year ago. As mentioned in our press release during the quarter we recorded several one-time items. These consisted of tax adjustments related primarily to the favorable settlement of a tax return examination which decreased Coach’s provision for taxes by $50 million and increased net interest income by $10.7 million. In addition as Lew mentioned we created a charitable foundation which increased expenses by $20 million and finally the result in higher net income led to a $12.1 million increase in variable expenses. Collectively these one-time items increased earnings by $41 million after-tax. At year end cash and short-term investments stood at about $700 million as compared with $1.2 billion a year ago reflecting the repurchase of over $1.3 billion worth of Coach common stock during the fiscal year. Inventory levels were $345 million up about 19% above prior year levels but below our 22% sales growth as our supply chain improvements and inventory management programs allowed us to support 47 net new US stores, 12 net new locations in Japan and substantially increased sales levels with moderate additional inventory investment. Accounts receivable balances were essentially unchanged as DSO fell to 31 days versus 36 days last year. Net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter was $323 million compared to $258 million last year during Q4. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was an inflow of $268 million versus $216 million in the same period last year primarily due to higher net income. CapEx spending primarily for new stores and renovations was $55 million versus $42 million in the same quarter a year ago. For all of fiscal year 2008 net cash from operating activities was $923 million compared to $781 million a year ago. Free cash flow in fiscal year 2008 was an inflow of $749 million versus $641 million in fiscal year 2007 while CapEx spending totaled $175 million, again primarily for new stores and expansions as well as technology and corporate infrastructure investments. As noted in the press release during the fourth fiscal quarter we repurchased and retired over 4.8 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $35.18 spending a total of $170 million. For all of FY 2008 we repurchased and retired nearly 39.7 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $33.68 spending a total of over $1.3 billion. At the end of the period $163 million was available under our current repurchase authorization which was put in place in November of 2007.  I’d now like to provide you our initial goals for fiscal 2009. As Lew mentioned it will be an investment year for Coach as we build the foundation for profitable growth in Greater China and implement key merchandising initiatives most notably collections.  Together we expect that our investment activities will impact EPS by about $0.05 to $0.06 for the year including about $0.03 to $0.04 attributable to Greater China and $0.02 for other initiatives. Coupled with these investments it is our intention to plan cautiously until we see evidence of a turn in the economy and retail spending. Please keep in mind that this guidance notably the comparisons to FY 2008 is based on operating metrics prior to the one-time items from Q4 that I mentioned earlier.  First we are looking for net sales growth of at least 13% to over $3.6 billion driven as always by both distribution growth, which will contribute about 10 points of growth and more modest productivity gains which will contribute the remaining three to four points.  We expect to open at least 45 new stores in North America including about 40 full price stores and about a half a dozen factory stores; 10 to 15 net new locations in Japan and about five new locations in Greater China; at least 20 net new international wholesale locations while we continue to expand select highly productive locations globally.  In Japan we expect to achieve constant currency growth of about 5% to 10%. While we continue to focus on profitability we would expect gross margin to see an impact from both ongoing promotional activity, notably in factory as well as the shorter margins we will take on select new product in our full price business in order to deliver exceptional value to our consumers. As a result we are projecting a gross margin rate of about 74% for the year. Similarly given the investment spending we’ve outlined we are anticipating an SG&A expense ratio of about 40% for 2009. Therefore we are targeting an operating margin of about 34% to 34.5% resulting in more modest operating income growth of about 5% for the year.  In addition lower interest income due to lower rates and a lower cash balance due to repurchases will also impact net income, while our tax rate in FY 2009 should be 38 ¼%. Taken together we expect EPS of at least $2.25 for the year or up about 10%.  Moving to the first fiscal quarter of 2009, which as you know is our toughest compare of the fiscal year, we are targeting net sales of over $765 million representing a year-on-year increase of about 13%. For the quarter we expect to open about 22 stores in North America, four in Japan, two in Greater China, and three international wholesale locations which several expansions across these geographies, a gross margin of about 74% and an SG&A rate of about 43% given the expected impact of the first tranche of our Greater China phased buyout and our other investment activity. All of this taken together will result in operating income that will be about flat year-over-year with an operating margin from 31% to 31.5% and earnings per share of at least $0.44, an 8% increase over last year’s first quarter which again was the strongest of FY 2008. For FY 2009 we expect CapEx to rise to about $200 million primarily for new stores and expansions both here, in Japan and also in Greater China as discussed. This projection excludes the recently announced $128 million deal to purchase our corporate headquarter building here in New York as the exact timing of that closing remains uncertain. While these are our current goals our actual results may vary from these targets based upon a number of factors including those discussed under the business of Coach, Inc. in risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Coach also does not assume any obligation to update these targets as the year progresses.  In summary we are confident that our growth strategies will enable us to continue to gain share in the large and growing global market for fine accessories and gifts. Thank you everyone for your attention and now we will be happy to take some questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Robert Drbul - Lehman Brothers
Robert Drbul - Lehman Brothers: The question that I have is can you clarify exactly what you meant when you talked about sharply pricing new product, are you actually taking prices down or will you be bringing out more product at entry price points?
Lew Frankfort: First, we’re not taking any prices down, what we were referring to is a strategy to deliver much more compelling value to consumers at a time when they’re reluctant to spend and as you know, for this year, we’re introducing a wide range of new collections and platforms which have an array of new materials as well as much greater make and what we typically do is we look for a certain margin based upon what the cost of these collections are we decided that we would take a shorter margin so that we can price them more sharply so that the consumer who is otherwise hesitant to spend will find it to be an exceptional value. 
Robert Drbul - Lehman Brothers: On the inventory in terms of the amount of inventory that was made for full price North American stores, how much of it has been sold in the factory outlet, how much are you converting over and selling in the factory that was actually originally full price product?
Michael Devine: We’re very pleased with where we came out of the quarter inventory wise, the metric that you’ve heard us use many times in the past is kind of the flip side of that and what percentage that sold through in the factory channel was actually made for factory and that percentage stayed very constant in the June quarter at 75%. So our sell-throughs in full price are right where we wanted them to be and factory likewise and as you saw we came out of the quarter with inventory balances up less then sales and in fact the Yen actually hurts us in that compare year-over-year. So if you actually put in on a constant currency basis that compare would look even better. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup
Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup: Could you give us the basis points associated with the gross margin change versus last year, how much was channel mix, I think you gave us the Yen impact at 80 basis points and then if you have any color on the SG&A line as well?
Michael Devine: As we suspected we landed the gross margin rate adjusted for the Yen impact at the 75.9% level after having guided to 75% so we got 80 basis point good guy as I mentioned from the Yen. So we actually outperformed if you will our own expectations by about 10 bps. The majority though—so that was still down about 220 basis points over last year’s Q4. The majority of that negative movement was driven by increased channel mix as factory continued to do exceptionally well as we continued to present great value to that consumer, both in the US and in Japan. The next largest impact was the level of promotional activity, while we were able to drive consumers into the factory channel we were—kept our price points there very sharp as well to make sure we took advantage of the traffic and got the conversion. So that was the second largest impact; promotional activity primarily in our factory channels here and in Japan. So those were the two biggest drivers of the gross margin decline offset by help from the Yen.  In terms of SG&A we also came in right where we anticipated with about 50 basis points of positive leverage driven largely by leverage through our corporate functions, our distribution center in Jacksonville and our corporate functions here in New York. On the retail P&L came in very consistently with the way we’ve talked about the business in the past. As you saw in the release we had a 7% comp and at a 7% comp the retail division did breakeven on their SG&A line so that’s pretty consistent with the way we’ve always modeled it.  And CJI provided leverage to their own P&L but because of the strengthening Yen as it converted back into dollars we had modest negative leverage but if you were to adjust for constant currency they would have provided some nice leverage to the P&L. So all those puts and takes we landed at about the 50 basis points of leverage that we had projected. 
Kimberly Greenberger – Citigroup: Could you talk about product cost inflation and how you’re thinking about higher costs out of China as we work our way through fiscal 2009?
Michael Devine: As we look forward into 2009 there definitely are some inflationary pressures, most notably some minimum wage increases, the tax environment in China is also getting a little more negative. The good news is though that the supply chain team here headed by [Angus Macrae] and his group have a lot of counter sourcing alternatives available to them. We are also seeing because of the overall macroeconomic backdrop leather is a little cheaper to us this year then it was last year so in terms of the organic price cost relationship, we’re feeling reasonably good as we head into 2009 that we have enough activities ongoing to offset the inflationary pressures.  That being said though then what carries the day is what Lew spoke to about being more sharply priced on a select new introductions into 2009 and that’s where we’re going to see some negative impact to the gross margin rate going forward at least into 2009.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: As we look to the leverage point on North American retail for next year, I believe previously you said it’s about a 5% to 7% comp that you [inaudible] leverage expenses is there opportunity to bring that number down?
Michael Devine: There is some opportunity although it is clearly our most variable channel in terms of driving SG&A as we see sales increase its driven by percentage rent and by increased store wages, also as we add new stores we add new ads to our occupancy line and to our headcount. So Michael Tucci and his team are managing it exceptionally tightly but at the 5% to 7% range we feel pretty good about that being the leverage point. And so as we’re projecting to be a little under that, we will rely more heavily on FY 2009 into managing our centralized expenses and trying to drive leverage through that portion of our SG&A spend and also notably going forward with CJI growing at 5% to 10% constant currency basis, we would also expect to get leverage from that part of our business as well. They will grow more slowly then the company as a whole. 
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: As you look at the corporate expense base can you talk about any buckets of opportunity there?
Michael Devine: Well there’s a number of them, we continue to year-over-year spend roughly the same amount in terms of our media outreach. We have one distribution center in Jacksonville, Florida which we’ve recently expanded and now gives us an opportunity to gain leverage on that portion of our SG&A line. And then really the majority of the administrative functions here, corporately, my own finance team, our technology group are really not going to be growing in any material way and certainly not nearly at the 13% top line growth we’re anticipating. So it those backroom functions are the ones that are really going to provide the leverage opportunity going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christine Chen - Needham & Company
Christine Chen - Needham & Company: I just wanted to know what percentage of your sales is jewelry which we think looks really great and where would you like it to be long-term and also how much are you going to increase the SKU count for holiday?
Lew Frankfort: First jewelry is running about 3% to 3.5% of our full price sales within our own stores and we believe we have great potential in jewelry and thank you for the compliment on the assortment. Its checking very well and longer term we believe it could comfortably approach or equal 10%. But again that’s a vision over the next few years until we get there, we won’t be there. For this holiday season, we’re particularly focused on expanding our sterling group. It did remarkably well. We first introduced sterling in a limited number of stored and it checked extremely well and we have expanded it many, many more locations and now we see it as a key group within our jewelry assortment. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you talk a little bit about Japan, what you’re expecting Japan sales growth to be and also did their product assortment trend as it did in the US, did you see the same things? And in the US on the wholesale side, how are they ordering differently this year then last year?
Lew Frankfort: First in terms of Japan, as Michael just referenced, we’ll looking for growth between 5% and 10% on a constant currency basis and as you know the Japanese retail environment is extremely weak, it actually weakened during the last few months and for us it continues to be a market share gain where market share this past year was 13% and we’re expecting it to grow based upon a market that will not grow. In terms of trends generally speaking we have not seen the same trends as we’ve experienced in the United States although accessory sales overall did increase somewhat because it was a sharp focus in Japan as it did in the United States. What we’re experiencing in Japan this summer is a very strong favorable reaction to our new Bleecker collection as we are in the States. So we feel real confident that the change in product is going to appeal particularly to the stylish Japanese consumer.  With regard to US department stores they still have great confidence in Coach. We obviously have trended ahead of the stores themselves. We are by far the number one accessories resource and they’re planning us to be modestly up this year in an environment where they’re planning their business not to grow. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Can you just mention what percent of sales came from handbags $400 and over and was the difference between the high end and low end in terms of what you saw, ticket performance and just acceptance of product?
Michael Devine: Across all of our direct businesses it was about 24%, up from 17% a year ago of handbag sales. 
Lew Frankfort: In terms of our lower priced bags, some of that occurred at the expense of lower sales in what we might call the lower priced bags as some consumers traded down to accessories. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Antoine Belge – HSBC
Antoine Belge – HSBC: Related to the performance of your full price network versus factory, can you perhaps be more precise what has been the [closing] for price, was it still negative and if so how are you planning full price factory going into FY 2009 and second relates to the dilutive impact of the Greater China integration, can you talk us through the incremental sales, operating profits, i.e. explaining how you come up to the $0.03 to $0.04 per share dilution?
Lew Frankfort: As we’ve said in the past, we use the full price channel to drive the brand forward and during challenging economic times since we do not go on sale in our full price stores, we have more marketing flexibility in our factory stores which we utilize. We have a different consumer and as recently as last month when we bumped up our relative data bases between full price and factory we have seen no migration whatsoever of full price customers to factory. It’s a discrete audience and we’re very comfortable with the way in which we’re approaching our retail business which we manage as an entity. 
Michael Devine: In terms of Greater China the real simple answer is that we’re putting a team on the ground, an infrastructure in place in advance of significant revenues so that we can capture revenue growth down the road but as you would imagine while we’re putting a modest regional team on the ground to manage the division there, as we transition to ownership of the stores obviously we’re going to pick up the lease costs, we’re going to pick up the store associates and the store wages associated with that.  And as we’ve talked about a couple of times now, the revenues are relatively modest this year. We do have a phased approach, we’re taking over the Hong Kong and Macau stores here in the fall but the mainland stores not until the spring. So we won’t see a significant revenue pop in FY 2009 as much of the year will still be on a wholesale shipment basis while we build the team on the ground there so the net impact we believe this year will be dilutive to about that $0.03 to $0.04. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adrianne Shapira – Goldman Sachs
Adrianne Shapira – Goldman Sachs: Following up on the trends in the full line channel you talked about traffic being down, perhaps qualitatively give us a sense where traffic has been trending sequentially and then following on that just talk about you had some efforts to try and obviously with the product innovation to jump start traffic, talk about some of the promotions in the full line, how is that trending as you try and graduate some of those factory customers to the full line channel?
Lew Frankfort: First with regard to traffic, it’s been fairly consistent from one quarter to the next and our focus is primarily on conversion. We at this point believe the biggest opportunity for us is to generate satisfied consumers by giving them a great product when they get to the malls. Now clearly we have a very vibrant internet available to us where we have over one million visitors per week and the internet is a principal communications vehicle to introduce new collections and we’re doing that through substantial targeted mailings. Also this holiday season we’re going to be conducting for the first time in recent years a substantial number of truck shows across the United States where we will be inviting our best customers to preview our new collections. Lastly we’re looking forward to a substantial increase in the level of editorial that we’re getting particularly in selling magazines this holiday as our reports and fashion editors have gravitated quite positively towards our new looks particularly the Madison collection which we’re launching in October. 
Adrianne Shapira – Goldman Sachs: Perhaps give us an update on that promotion, the invitation to the factory stores to full line, how that has been trending? 
Lew Frankfort: First it’s significantly profitable for us. First its too short a time for us to measure the amount in a reliable way how much future business we’re getting from these consumers in full price but what we are able to measure is they’re spend in factory. So the people that we have invited to the full price who are exclusive factory buyers have responded well to our offers in full price and are spending at the same levels that they did previously in factory which means that we’re getting substantial net plus business from there. In terms of converting them to full price without a promotion, that’s a much harder chore because these consumers are very value-oriented. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez – Credit Suisse
Paul Lejuez– Credit Suisse: Given the consumer environment do you expect any changes in consumer shopping behavior in terms of when they buy, maybe in other words, do you think you become more reliant on your second quarter sales and earnings, also wondering if you’re seeing any changes in the buying patterns of your core customer and what are the expenses, the $12 million of expenses associated with the one-time items, if you could just let us know what that’s all about?
Lew Frankfort: First in terms of shopping cadence, in general consumers are spending much closer to the moment. That’s been a trend over the last several years and we expect that to continue. Second, we do believe that the holiday quarter on a relative basis might do somewhat better this year because of the strength of the Madison collection but in general we expect our seasonal spread to remain consistent. 
Michael Devine: In terms of the variable expense associated with the one-time items, it’s a compensation related, it’s the formulaic result of our bonus programs and based on the higher net income delivered and the other financial metrics, the outcome was $12.1 million. What I will pass along as well though, based on Lew’s recommendation and our Board’s agreement the top 13 senior members of management, what we call the operating group here at Coach, did not participate in the step-up in bonus programs driven by the one-time good guys. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you all for joining us today and we look forward to taking your questions through the day. Have a good one.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Executives:  Andrea Shaw Resnick - Senior Vice President, Investor Relations  Lew Frankfort - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Devine - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 
Analysts: Robert Drbul - Lehman Brothers Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Securities LLC Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC Erwan Rambourg - HSBC Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse
Operator:  Good morning and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introduction, I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick:  Thank you and good morning.  With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO, and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO.  Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth.  We present expect to update our estimates each quarter only. However, the failure to update this information should not be taken as Coach's acceptance of these estimates on a continuing basis. Coach may also choose to discontinue presenting future estimates at any time. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our third fiscal quarter 2008 results and will also discuss our strategies going forward. Mike Devine will continue with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter as well as our outlook for the fourth fiscal quarter of 2008. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session that will end by 9:30 a.m. I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort :  Thanks, Andrea, and welcome everyone.  We've announced strong top-line and bottom-line growth of 19% respectively for the quarter just completed, in line with our expectations. We were pleased with our performance, especially in light of the worsening retail climate in the U.S. We also continue to be pleased with the strength of new stores, which are still coming online well ahead of expectations. Overall, Coach's quarterly performance reflected the strength of the Coach franchise and the continued outperformance of the U.S. handbag and accessory category as compared to overall retail sales.  For the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ending in June we are projecting sales of $780 million and EPS of $0.50, both up 20% from year ago levels, taking the full year to about $3.18 billion with EPS of $2.06, each increasing 22%. It's worth mentioning that this EPS guidance has been in place throughout the fiscal year. Given the continued uncertainties in the economic backdrop, we have decided to wait until the end of our fourth quarter to provide specific guidance for the next fiscal year. At the same time, it's important to underscore the confidence we have in our ability to continue to drive significant top and bottom line growth through both distribution and productivity gains. In terms of distribution, given the compelling returns we are continuing to generate we will execute our existing distribution plans in North America, including the opening of 40 new retail stores in the coming year.  Regarding productivity, our confidence stems first and foremost from our product, coupled with 1) the overall strength of the Coach proposition underscored by our key business and brand equities, 2) our broad and loyal consumer franchise, and 3) our innovative and consumer-centric nature. While I will get into further detail about current conditions and the outlook for the category in our business shortly, I first want to take the time to review our quarter.  Some highlights of our third fiscal quarter were first, earnings per share rose 19% to $0.46 as compared to $0.39 in the prior year while net income rose to $162 million from $147 million. Second, net sales totaled $745 million versus $625 million a year ago, a gain of 19%.  Third, direct-to-consumer sales rose 20% to $578 million from $481 million in the prior year. Fourth, North American same-store sales for the quarter rose 9%.  Finally, sales in Japan rose 12% in constant currency and 25% in dollars.  During the quarter, Coach opened five North American retail stores, including one new market for Coach - Macon, Georgia. We also opened two factory stores during the third quarter and expanded another. At the end of the period, there were 287 full price and 101 factory stores in operation in North America.  In Japan, two new department store locations were opened while two retail stores were closed. Also, five locations were expanded. At quarter end, there were 147 total locations in Japan, with 21 full price stores including 8 flagships - 106 shopin-shops, 15 factory stores, and 5 distributor-operated locations.  Indirect sales increased 15% to $166 million from $144 million in the same period last year.  During the quarter, POS sales at U.S. department stores grew at 5%, while international POS sales grew by more than 25%.  During the same quarter, we estimate that the premium U.S. handbag and accessory category grew between 5% and 10%. At the same time, Coach's bag sales rose 18% across all channels in North America.  As mentioned, we were pleased with our overall performance in North America this quarter against very difficult comparisons across all channels. Our total revenues in North America were up 15% with our directly operated stores generating a 20% gain driven by both distribution and an overall high single-digit comp. We would note that in full price stores, our weak traffic patterns from the second quarter continued while conversion and average transaction size rose. In factory, we continued to see increases across all three metrics.  As noted in our press release, beginning this quarter we're only providing aggregated comparable store sales for our North American retail and factory stores. While less detailed, this measure fully reflects our brand's retail performance in North America while still providing a consistent metric to gauge our results against prior periods and other luxury retailers. By aggregating comps, we're aligning the way we measure performance with the way we manage our Retail business. This will also provide the operational flexibility to respond to changes in market dynamics and run our business in the best long-term interests of our shareholders. Results in our full price businesses across channels continued to be driven by the monthly flow of new product. Our U.S. factory store business remained very strong throughout this quarter given the vibrancy of the Coach brand, the strength of our proposition, and continued overall sales growth in premium factory malls. In addition, our made-for-factory product continues to resonate with this dedicated consumer.  I also want to highlight another excellent quarter for Coach women's footwear. Our business in department stores, where we are now sold through about 800 locations, rose about 24% at POS for the quarter. We were also very pleased with the performance at Coach Japan, where sales rose 12% in yen and 25% in dollars. Growth in Japan was fueled primarily by distribution through both new stores and expansions as our market share further expanded against a continued weak category backdrop. Mike Devine will get into more detail on our financials a bit later. Across all businesses, bags and women's accessories continued to drive our business results as the look of our assortment continues to evolve to reflect changing consumer preferences. Consumers continued to embrace our new and innovative product this spring.  As part of our seasonal transition, we introduced our evolved Hamptons Collection in January, featuring the Madeline Tote. Offered in multiple sizes, this new silhouette performed very well, particularly in bold colors.  In February we launched our new Heritage Strip Collection, a group of coated canvas totes and bags, and added an updated group of Signature Stripe bags and accessories later that month. In March we introduced another silhouette, the Francine Satchel, the focus of our spring advertising campaign. We were particularly pleased with the success of this $798 bag, which was available in all stores. In fact, it's worth mentioning that our over $400 handbag offerings continued to grow in importance, representing 22% of handbag sales in the quarter versus 13% last year. And at the beginning of April we brought back the popular Soho Collection in softer, more feminine styles.  Later this week we will be introducing our group of pleated Ergo bags and accessories, which will be our focus for Mother's Day. In Japan, we've been conducting a pre-sale of pleated Ergo in the Millennium Department Store group and that's seen remarkable consumer response to date, so we're very optimistic about the importance of this group. Also on tap for Q4 are a new version of our popular Patchwork, a casual wash cotton tonal Signature Collection in an elegant floral appliquéd group of our Signature Stripe bags.  I also wanted to briefly touch on the performance of our new retail stores, which has been well ahead of our internal projections. For a number of quarters we talked about the strength that we've seen in new store opening volume. This trend has continued despite the economic backdrop, and our 25 stores opened through January are running about 25% ahead of pro formas, with an average first year annual volume of $2.3 million. We recognize that in a period of weak consumer spending, it is especially important to provide a level of newness that will quite literally wow the consumer, compelling her to purchase. We touched on some of our upcoming initiatives regarding our product, our stores and our merchandising in previous calls and conference webcasts this spring, and as we move to fiscal '09, these initiatives will become increasingly evident. First and most importantly, we will be focusing on our product, the cornerstone of our brand. We're striving to compress multiple years of innovation into FY '09 to create a particularly compelling offering to further inspire an otherwise reticent consumer to spend. Starting with our fall collections, including Bleecker, Hamptons, Legacy and the new Zoe handbag group, you will notice a shift in attitude reflecting a more sophisticated design aesthetic, including softer, drapier silhouettes, lighter-weight leathers, and new finishes such as patent, glazed and metallic - and minimal hardware in some collections.  We're particularly enthusiastic about the launch of Madison, a new, comprehensive lifestyle platform this October. The design of this collection is distinctively Coach, with a pretty, more feminine and sophisticated appeal. This collection will include a broad array of lightweight handbag silhouettes, wallets and accessories crafted in soft, rich, finished leathers.  As part of Madison, we will also be introducing CC, a contemporary, abstract take on our logo, providing an entirely new platform for Coach. This graph design lends the product a fresh, modern allure. Madison's design details include chic pleating, a new horse-and-carriage iconic plaque, and handbag charms which adorn most styles. Also unique to this lightweight collection, several of the handbag styles are convertible and can be worn over the shoulder or carried in hand, meeting the needs of the functional fashion consumer. Second, you will also notice a number of initiatives targeting our in-store experience. They include new store formats such as Gallery, which is essentially a larger format Coach store targeted for the best and most strategic mall locations in the country. We're currently planning to pilot the Gallery format in three upscale malls beginning with Short Hills, New Jersey in June. Gallery will create more room to showcase the entire world of Coach, including our broad assortment of handbag collections and at the same time allow for flexibility within the store for new growth opportunities, such as fragrance, scarves, men's, small leather goods and jewelry, all against an elevated residential backdrop like our legacy store on Bleecker Street. Third, we will also be implementing new merchandising strategies. And most important, we are reducing the density of our handbag assortment by about 15% to 20%. This will enable us to be more directive, offering a stronger point of view in about 40 flagship locations. We will also be introducing a feature table concept, as used in our Bleecker Street store, where we showcase the product in a less structured, approachable manner. You will also notice more presentations by color, which lends a different point of view to our assortment. And finally, we're incorporating a range of additional decorative elements to further create a residential feel, including elevated artwork, plants, mannequins and so forth.  And finally, we have modified our tiered distribution strategy in order to enhance the cachet of our flagships. We have selected about 40 of our current 75 flagship locations which will be further elevated through limited edition offerings and pinnacle lifestyle product. They will also receive the enhanced merchandising fixtures and decorative elements that I just mentioned. The remaining stores will then fall into the Fashion segment. This re-tiering will be in place by July, and many of the enhancements discussed earlier will also be rolled out to these Fashion stores as well. Clearly, we continue to believe that our opportunities, both in North America and internationally, remain abundant. For perspective, we estimate the addressable handbag and accessory market in North America reached over $8 billion in calendar 2007 and is continuing to demonstrate growth despite the weakening economy. Thus, with the vibrancy of the Coach brand and the market expanding, the potential for Coach remains significant.  As most of you know, we have two primary sales drivers - first is distribution as we expand our global network of store locations with an emphasis on North America, Japan and Greater China, and second is productivity, which we drive across all geographies through the introduction of innovative and relevant product in a compelling store environment. To this end we have been implementing four key strategies that focus on sustaining growth within our global framework.  Clearly, our largest opportunity during our planning horizon continues to be in North America. First, we're building market share in the growing North American women's accessories market. As I already described, we're implementing a number of initiatives to accelerate the level of newness, elevate our offering, and enhance the instore experience. These plans will enable us to continue to strengthen our leadership position in the market. Our second strategy is the continued growth in North American retail. As you know, given the compelling returns we're generating, we plan to add about 40 retail stores in North America in each of the next several years, including next year, FY '09. We will also continue to relocate and expand stores where appropriate. Based on the performance of our new stores and the large number of new consumers we're attracting to the franchise, we still believe the North American total can easily support about 500 retail stores, including up to 20 in Canada. And through the multi-store portfolio deals we are making with developers, we already have virtually all locations confirmed for next year. And third, outside the U.S. we're continuing to increase market share with the Japanese consumer by driving growth in Japan primarily by opening new retail locations and by expanding existing ones. In FY '09 and in each of the next several years, we plan to add about 10 net new locations in Japan. And as has been our practice, we will continue to expand our most productive locations. Our fourth strategy is to raise brand awareness in emerging markets to build the foundation for substantial sales in the future, specifically Greater China, Korea and other such geographies are increasing in importance as the category's growing rapidly and Coach is taking hold. In FY '08, we're on target to open through distributors about 30 net new locations in total, including 8 in Greater China. A few highlights of our upcoming international openings this spring are with mentioning. First, we're very excited about our global flagship store in Queen's Road Central in Hong Kong scheduled to open during late May. We're especially pleased about it because of the rapid growth we're experiencing in East Asia and Greater China and believe that this will raise awareness and enhance our brand throughout Greater China. Clearly, Greater China has the potential during the next few years to become the third major market for Coach following North America and Japan. While we have no Investor Relations activities planned for the opening, please let Andrea know if you're going to be in the region in late May so that you can join us at this occasion.  In addition, we're also enthusiastic about two new international markets we're entering this quarter - Greece, with two stores in Athens, and Russia, where we're opening our first location. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect to open at least 15 Coach locations in Russia over a five-year period, initially concentrating development in Moscow and St. Petersburg. In summary, we're well positioned to continue to capitalize on the many opportunities available to us and have the strategies in place to realize our long-term growth plans irrespective of the near-term environment. At this time I will turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further detail on our financials.  Mike?
Michael F. Devine:  Thank you, Lew. Lew has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our third quarter results.  As mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased 19%, with direct to consumer up 20% and indirect up 15%.  Earnings per share for the quarter increased 19% to $0.46 as compared to $0.39 in the year ago period as net income rose to $162 million from $147 million. Our operating income rose 13% to $257 million in the third quarter versus $227 million in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 34.5% compared to 36.2% in the year ago quarter. The strengthening of the yen impacted all lines of our P&L given the consolidation of CJI's income statement. Adjusting for the currency impact this quarter, we would have seen a 16% increase in sales 3 points lower than reported - but a 17% increase in operating income, 4 points higher than reported, as our operating margin would have been essentially even year to year. In the third quarter gross profit rose 15% to $558 million, up from $486 million a year ago.  Gross margin was 75% flat versus 77.8% last year, impacted by the unanticipated sharp rise in the yen versus the dollar along with the expected effect of the promotional environment and channel mix. In fact, this dramatic and unanticipated move in the yen reduced our gross margin rate by over 190 basis points. SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales improved 100 basis points from prior year levels during the quarter and represented 40.5% of sales versus 41.5% as we achieve leverage in all three of our spending categories. First, we saw leverage on what we like to refer to as our semi-fixed corporate functions. Second, CJI provided leverage to both its own P&L and the corporate income statement. And finally, given the high single-digit comp rate, our North American Retail businesses were also able to provide leverage, both to its own business unit P&L and to the consolidated corporate P&L as well.  Moving to the balance sheet, inventory levels at quarter end were $320 million, 28% above prior year levels. Adjusting for the impact of the stronger yen, inventories would have been up 22%. Also, looking at inventories on a twoyear basis, to smooth last year's Q3 shipment timing-related low levels our two-year inventory CAGR in actually 4 points below our sales growth. Most importantly, at quarter end our inventories were clean, allowing us to move forward in good shape for spring. It should be noted that this inventory level allows us to support 54 net new U.S. stores, 11 net new locations in Japan, and substantially increase sales levels.  I'll also note accounts receivable balances rose 19%, in line with sales.  Cash and short-term investments stood at $616 million as compared with $936 million a year ago despite the repurchase of nearly $1.2 billion worth of stock in the interim 12 months.  Net cash from operating activities in the third quarter was $85 million compared to $97 million last year during Q3, negatively impacted by a $62 million increase in cash tax payments during the quarter versus last year.  On a year-to-date basis through 3Q, net cash from operating activities was $600 million, up $78 million from 3Q year-to-date of '07. Free cash flow in the third quarter was an inflow of $52 million versus $73 million in the same period last year, also impacted by the large tax payment and Capex spending, primarily for new stores and renovation, which was $33 million versus $25 million in the same quarter a year ago. Year-to-date free cash flow at the end of the third quarter was $56 million above last year's levels.  As noted in the press release, during the third quarter we repurchased and retired 11.3 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $28.85, spending a total of $327 million. At the end of the period, $333 million was available under the company's current repurchase authorization, which we put in place in November. Now I'd like to provide you with some of our updated goals for fiscal 2008.  For the fourth quarter, we're targeting net sales of about $780 million, representing a year-on-year increase of about 20%. While we expect to continue to leverage our expenses, this improvement will not fully offset the projected contraction in gross margin rate, which we would expect to land at similar levels to Q3 due to the continuing promotional environment in the U.S., notably in factory, and the negative impact of channel mix, yielding an operating margin of about 35% and earnings per share of $0.50, an increase of 20%.  Therefore, our goals for the full fiscal year are net sales growth of about 22% to about $3.18 billion, and we're targeting an operating margin of nearly 37%, an operating income dollar growth of about 18% above FY '07. Interest income of about $44 million will add to pre-tax income while net income will continue to be somewhat offset by a higher tax rate this year versus last at about 39% due to the fact that incremental taxable income is being taxed at higher rates.  Including these factors, we expect to generate EPS growth of 22%, which will produce earnings per share of $2.06, consistent with our prior guidance.  For FY '08, we are still planning to spend about $200 million on Capex, primarily for new stores and expansions, both in North America and internationally.  While these are our goals, our actual results may vary from these targets based upon a number of factors, including those discussed under the Business of Coach, Inc. and Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10K. Coach also does not assume any obligation to update these targets as the year progresses. In summary, we're confident that our growth strategies will enable us to continue to gain share in the large and growing global market for fine accessories and gifts.  Thank you all for your attention, and now Lew, Andrea and I would be happy to take some questions.
Operator:  Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Bob Drbul. You may ask your question. Please state your company name.
Robert Drbul - Lehman Brothers:  Lehman Brothers. Good morning.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Morning.
Lew Frankfort : Good morning. 
Robert Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Lew, I guess I have two questions for you. I understand not giving FY '09 guidance at this point, but I guess could you maybe give us a little bit of color on your expectations in terms of double-digit top line, et cetera? And the second question that I have, I'm just wondering if you could elaborate on your decision to essentially decrease the transparency of the business by not providing your normal comp breakdown which we've all found pretty helpful over the years.
Lew Frankfort : Sure. Well, first, as I said just a few minutes ago, we're confident that we're going to continue in FY '09 and beyond to achieve significant top and bottom line growth. The reason we're not providing guidance at this time is because we think it would require a level of false precision. Our distribution levers are in place. We're going to be continuing to open new stores as we indicated and expand others. In addition, we also expect to achieve productivity gains around the world, including here in the United States. So we do look forward to a good year with double-digit gains on the top and bottom line.  In terms of our decision to provide consolidated comps, it's really a result of our internal thinking that we need to align the way in which we run our business with the way in which we report it. As you know, we have a diversified business model. It's multi-channel and international. We're not solely dependent on any one channel and geography, and our growth is driven by both productivity and, as I said before, distribution gains. In North America, our Retail business consists of one brand with two platforms - full price and factory. And our franchise, as you know, is built on one set of brand equities that actually transcend an individual store concept of venue. And because of this, when we think about our business we first start with our retail stores. And as you know, we do not go on sale in our retail stores. And want to be able to leverage the opportunities that our dual-platform provides us, so during challenging times, focusing on one metric enables us to maximize brand building activities in our lead, full price channel while using promotional activity and other marketing levers in factory to drive very profitable overall growth. And at the end of the day, you need to judge us on our overall performance and on the strength of the brand, and this is the way we look at it. 
Robert Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thank you very much, Lew. Good luck.
Lew Frankfort : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michelle Clark. You may ask your question, and please state your company name.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley:  Morgan Stanley. Thanks and good morning, everyone.
Lew Frankfort : Good morning.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Two questions for Mike Devine. Mike, the first is on the gross margin, the hit to gross margin, if you can detail the basis point impact 1), from promotional activity, and 2) from the channel mix shift. And then the second question relates to inventories. Your inventory per square foot rose close to 24% year-over-year. Can you just detail for me one more time the impact of the timing shift that you discussed on the call? Thank you.
Michael F. Devine: Sure. So let me go to gross margin first, Michelle. Let me say that other than the unanticipated movement of the yen, generally we're pleased with where gross margin landed for the quarter. In other words, it basically did hit the expectation in the guidance that we had. In fact, we slightly exceeded our expectation. And I do just want to point out initially that the supply chain, we really feel, has done a terrific job. Our design teams, merchandising, sourcing, et cetera, have continued to drive organic gross margin rate improvement. In fact, our indirect channels actually were up modestly during the quarter from the year ago period. So there are a number of good things going on and happening within the gross margin line. Unfortunately, those organic improvements were not enough to offset both the channel mix and promotional activities. So the two of those combined - channel mix and promotional - offset by some sourcing good news came to about a 90 basis point decline year-over-year. And you may recall on our last call we guided down about 100 to 110, so ever so slightly better than that. And then unfortunately, with the dramatic change in the yen - the yen hasn't moved this much in a single quarter since 1999, and we didn't see it coming - that whacked us almost 200 basis points through the gross margin rate line. So that's kind of the gross margin story.  In terms of the inventories, the yen got us there as well, Michelle, as, of course, in Japan we hold our inventories in yen and then when we consolidate our financial statements, it's a pure translation back. And that accounted for about 6 points of growth on the inventory year-over-year. In other words, if we went back and restated our inventory at last year's FX rate, Q3 ending FX rate, the growth would have declined about 600 basis points.  And then last year we had a shipment timing issue where we were very light on receipts right at the end of March and reported a bit of an artificially low ending balance at the end of Q3. So if you actually went back and smoothed it over two years, what we would have seen is an inventory CAGR building off of '06 to Q3 '08 of just over 20%. During that time, our sales CAGR has approached 25, so we still feel very good.  And most importantly, as I said in the prepared remarks, what really matters is our inventories are clean and we're in good shape going into the spring, and we think the compares at June will fall back in line as we don't have so much noise.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thanks and best of luck in the fourth quarter.
Lew Frankfort : Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Edelman. You may ask your question. Please state your company name.
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Securities LLC:  Thank you. Good morning.  Lew, my first question is for you. If we think about the initiatives you mentioned - product, store environment, a more elevated and sophisticated look - are we seeing somewhat of a shift in strategy and maybe that's why we're not - that might also be contributing to the decision [in comp] since you're apparently maybe moving your retail stores further upscale and then looking for the big volume growth to come from the factory stores with a different mix of merchandise?
Lew Frankfort : It's not the case, Jeff. I mean, even though my remarks focused on innovative newness, you're going to see actually a greater proportion of our mix this fall and holiday at sharper price points, both in bags and accessories. And we believe that critical balance is essential, and we're not looking to focus in a distorted way on any particular consumer group.  What is occurring in reality is that women, whether they're aspiration consumers who are trading up into Coach or fashion consumers, their tastes are evolving rapidly. And during challenging economic times, we need to have a particularly compelling offering for her to purchase, and that's really the intention. Further, in terms of America - and we can use Short Hills as an example of a very upscale mall in North America where we compete directly with the European luxury brands - we do need to showcase our store in a manner that is appropriate for the consumer who shops in Short Hills. Conversely, in a more mainstream mall, you will continue to see a prototype yet more advanced but that is more in keeping with the shopper in that mall. So no change in strategy, no de-focus away from full price.
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, just a short follow before I go to Mike. The sharper price point, is this dialing into and designing into a sharper price point or is this reflecting a lower gross margin?
Lew Frankfort : It's designing into a sharper price point.
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks. And Mike, the FX impact, I understand how it hits the inventory given the fact that the profit sits on the CJI balance sheet. Is that lost profit or does this come around and help you further down the road? Could you sort of give us a sense how this plays out?
Michael F. Devine: Sure. Good question, Jeff. The piece that really whipsawed us this quarter is really driven by the FX, and so the FX rate - the yen, in other words - will have to weaken again to have the opposite impact on the gross margin impact. So just to give you a sense, we had anticipated and I think the banks were calling for yen to be at about 112 for the balance of the calendar year when we gave our projections on our last call and it closed the quarter at 99.3, so a 13% swing. And so what happens there is that we need to mark the yen inventory up based on the stronger yen. And that inventory in Japan includes our wholesale [ship-in] margin, and as a result that margin is left on the balance sheet and doesn't come back to the P&L. So the FX would have to move to have that come back to us.  What I will say, though, is it is creating some good news for us in the coming months and quarters in that the product that CJI is buying from Coach New York now they're paying for with a much stronger yen. And as that product sells through, it will have a positive impact on our gross margin rates going forward.
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christine Chen. You may ask you question, and please state your company name.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC:  Needham & Company. Thank you very much. Good morning.
Lew Frankfort : Good morning, Christine.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning, Christine.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: I had two questions. I'm wondering if you've seen any patterns in performance across your different store types flagship, fashion and core - as well as geography? And then the second question is, as you continue to grow your own store base, is there a thought to maybe cut back on the number of doors in the department stores? Thank you.
Lew Frankfort : First, Christine, our performance across store type has not changed, the pattern continues. Where we continue to see fluctuations is geographically. So in North America, consistent with the holiday quarter, our business in California and Southern Florida has been very soft. Conversely, our business in the Midwest and Texas, as examples, continue very strong. With regard to department stores, we actually several years ago rationalized the number of locations when we went down from about 1,500 locations to about 900 today. And we're actually opening new locations now selectively, partnering with the leadership of Macy's in particular, to do so. 
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Okay. Thank you and good luck for the first quarter.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erwan Rambourg. You may ask question, and please state your company name.
Erwan Rambourg - HSBC:  Hi. It's HSBC. Good morning.
Lew Frankfort : Good morning.
Erwan Rambourg - HSBC: Just three questions, if I can. Several of the European countries we cover have mentioned that traffic in the U.S. was okay in January and February but was quite severely down in March. Is this an evolution that you've seen in the quarter in the U.S. concerning your businesses?  Then maybe I'll ask the other two. The second question is on Japan. We've seen a run rate of 16%, 17%. You're still growing significantly at a faster pace than the European players at 12%, however going from 17% to 12%, is this linked to a sudden sluggish of the Japanese market or can it be linked to the fact that some of the European brands are now addressing a sort of entry price point in that market?  And then finally looking at combined comps in the U.S., you've had 7% in Q2, where I think you spoke of an emotional recession. Now in Q3 you have a 9% combined comp with what some people consider as being a real recession. How do you think about the macro resistance of the brand, and do you see the macro environment worsening or is it reasonable to factor in sort of mid to high single-digit combined comps going forward? Thank you.
Lew Frankfort : Obviously I'll take them one at a time.  Concerning traffic in the United States for Coach was consistent throughout the quarter. We didn't see a fall off during March. And again, year-on-year traffic in same stores has been weak; our overall traffic, because we've opened up many new locations, obviously has been higher than prior years. In terms of the 12% growth in Japan versus 17%, that's within noise level. We're aware our business is very strong in Japan. We see no signs of slowdown whatsoever for Coach. We actually welcome the entry price points from the European luxury brands that are closer to ours because we're hopeful it's going to stimulate more interest in the category, so the overall category will begin to grow. In terms of the macro environment, it's a very tough call. Clearly, the environment has weakened. Consumers are more pessimistic. And our response to that is to be more nimble and to compress several years of innovation into one year and to utilize our factory channel, which is a promotional channel, to help us drive very profitable sales until the economy stabilizes. We think it's going to be a rough go throughout the entire calendar year on a macro basis.
Erwan Rambourg - HSBC: Right. Okay. And just going back to Japan, can you give us an idea of where your market share stands on a sort of calendar '07 basis if you have that?
Lew Frankfort : It's about 12%. 
Erwan Rambourg - HSBC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Lew Frankfort : You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger. You may ask your question. Please state your company name.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup:  Great. Thank you. Good morning. Citigroup.
Lew Frankfort : Good morning, Kimberly.
Michael F. Devine: Kimberly.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Lew, I was hoping if not providing quantitative measures maybe you could just qualitatively address the improvement in your total consolidated comp. It was plus 7% in the second quarter. Here you're looking at plus 9%. Can we assume that both full price and factory saw improvement sequentially?
Lew Frankfort : Kimberly, I wish we could do that but we made a decision that we're only going to provide consolidated comps and at the same time provide some texture. And as I indicated before, traffic in full price continued weak while conversion and average ticket rose. The factory business continued very strong. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Okay. Lew, there was something you mentioned in the press release about striving to compress several years of product evolution into fiscal '09. I was wondering if you could talk to us about the opportunities with doing that and also are there any challenges with the way that your product development cycle works that you might see? Thanks.
Lew Frankfort : Sure. First, the initiatives that we're talking about were actually conceived last spring and last summer, so we've been thinking now for more than a year that we wanted to compress several years of innovation within one year. And our supply chain from our design group through our merchants, our sourcing group, raw materials procurement group, and our operations and quality control people have been basically gearing up for a major change in the way in which our products are manufactured. And when you see our product in our stores - and I think you got a preview of some of the new collections when you visited here - you're going to find, as I said before, that they're softer, drapier, lots of new materials, and this has been in the works for a long time. So our supply chain management group has been able to do a remarkable job in meeting the requirements, and we're actually on track. We measure deliveries every month and we got a preview of what July and August looks like, and we've been assured the quality is consistent with Coach standards and second, that 99% of the product will be on time. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Terrific. Thanks, Lew, and good luck here.
Lew Frankfort : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dana Telsey. You may ask your question. Please state your company name. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group:  Good morning, everyone - TAG.  Can you talk a little bit about the average ticket improvement in the quarter, provide some color on it. Is there an improvement in the core customer? Is there less trading down? And in regard to the promotional environment, I think last quarter some factory customers were incentivized to shop at full price. Did you see that at all this quarter? And just lastly, on the progress on the realignment of the product development organization that you mentioned last quarter, how is that moving along? Thank you.
Lew Frankfort : Okay. I'll take them in order. Our average ticket rose modestly during the quarter. What we discussed during the holiday quarter remains largely the same although our handbag mix increased relative to the holiday quarter and even though it was lower than last year due to the arrival of jewelry primarily. So we haven't really seen any shift in consumers.  With regard to our promotional activities focused on driving factory consumers into full price, that pilot was very successful. And we do know that our factory consumer loves the Coach brand, but she's a value shopper. She only wants to buy it on sale. Right now we're monitoring the performance of the factory consumer who purchased through one of our loyalty programs at full price to see whether we're able to attract her without a discount at full price. Our general view is that we will not be very successful, that she will need to be promoted to come to - our product will need to be promoted for her to come to full price.  Our margins are so good that we're very comfortable with the profitability from those promotions, and we are actually conducting another loyalty event - I believe it's going to be next month - focused on the factory store consumer purchasing in full price.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Lew Frankfort : You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Paul Lejuez. You may ask your question, and please state your company name.
Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse:  Thanks. It's actually Tracy Kogan filling in for Paul from Credit Suisse.  Two questions just to follow up on the last question about promotions. Do you expect to have to increase your level of promotions over the next couple of quarters? And then secondly, can you give us a sense of what you're expecting for Capex for next year and how that breaks out between new stores, remodels and IT? Thanks.
Lew Frankfort : First, with regard to promotional activities, we don't think that's going to be necessary at all. We expect promotional activities to remain at this level or decline over the next few quarters.
Michael F. Devine: In terms of Capex, Tracy, I think we'll hold that guidance along with our fully FY '09 guidance for our next call, but I would just say directionally we don't anticipate anything materially different. We're continuing our store expansion programs, investing in technology where it makes sense to drive earnings growth. So for the modelers out there, I would anticipate '09 being similar to '08.
Tracy Kogan - Credit Suisse: Thank you. Good luck.
Lew Frankfort : Thank you.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you. It is now just after 9:30. The market is open, and we're going to conclude this conference call. We look forward to taking your questions throughout the day and this week. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. 
Operator: Thanks and this does conclude the Coach earnings conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-01-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - SVP, IR  Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO  Michael F. Devine - CFO and EVP  Michael Tucci - President, North American Retail 
Analysts: Robert Drbul - Lehman Brothers Michelle Clark – Morgan Stanley Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup Jeffrey Edelman – UBS Securities LLC David Schick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC Erwan Rambourg - HSBC Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded.  At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - SVP, IR: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO, and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Mike Tucci, President of North American Retail will be joining us. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years.  These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. We presently expect to update our estimates each quarter only, however the failure to update this information should not be taken as Coach's acceptance of these estimates on a continuing basis. Coach may also choose to discontinue presenting future estimates at any time. Now let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2008 results, and will also discuss our strategies going forward. Mike Tucci will review the holiday season from a U.S. retail perspective and discuss key initiatives for the spring season ahead. Mike Devine will conclude with details, financial and operational highlights for the quarter, as well as our outlook for the second half and full fiscal year 2008. Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session that will end by 9:30 a.m. I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO. 
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Andrea, and good morning, everyone. As you know, we've announced strong top line and bottom line growth of 21% respectively for the quarter just completed, a bit ahead of our expectations. We were pleased with our performance, especially in light of the weakening retail climate in the U.S. We were also encouraged with the continued strength of new stores, which are coming online well ahead of expectations. Some highlights of our second fiscal quarter were: First, earnings per share rose 21 - I'm sorry, excuse me. Excuse me. Overall, Coach's holiday performance reflected the strength of the Coach franchise, our position as a gift authority, and the continued strength of the U.S. handbag and accessory category. However, this quarter demonstrated for the first time in our public history that we are not immune to a slowing consumer environment. At the same time, it's important to underscore our continuing positive outlook, including the delivery of at least a 17% revenue gain for the balance of the fiscal year, driven, as always, by both distribution growth and productivity gains. We're well positioned for the spring season and expect that our diversified model will continue to mitigate the impact of the consumer malaise in the U.S. Given the vitality of the Coach brand, category strength and our diversified business model, we're confident that the earnings per share guidance for the year originally provided in July and reiterated in October can still be achieved. In addition, our ability to act quickly and nimbly secure spending during a period of uncertain sales trends as demonstrated in our holiday quarter will ensure continued expense leverage. While I will get into further detail about current conditions and the outlook for the category in our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. As you know, Coach announced a sales increase of 21%, a 21% increase in earnings per share for the quarter just completed. It's worth noting that Coach's achieved double-digit sales growth since 2001 in each holiday quarter for a fiveyear CAGR of 27%, including a 30% increase in the year-ago quarter. Again, some highlights of our second fiscal quarter were: First, earnings per share rose 21% to $0.69 as compared to $0.57 in the prior year, while net income rose to $252 million from $214 million. Second, net sales totalled $978 million versus $806 million a year ago, a gain of 21%. Third, direct-to-consumer sales rose 18% to $799 million from $675 million in the prior year. Fourth, U.S. same-store sales for the quarter rose 7%, with retail stores down 1.1% versus a gain of nearly 21% last year, while factory store sales were up 17.7%. Finally, sales in Japan rose 17% in constant currency and 21% in dollars, driven by distribution growth and mid single-digit overall comps as we continue to grow our market share. During the quarter, Coach opened 10 North American retail stores, including two new markets for Coach - Allentown, Pennsylvania and Anchorage, Alaska - and expanded five others. We also opened three factory stores during the second quarter. At the end of the period, there were 282 full-price and 99 factory stores in operation in North America. In Japan, one new department store location was opened along with one new factory store, while one department store location was closed and four locations were expanded. At quarter end, there were 147 total locations in Japan, with 23 full-price stores including 8 flagships, 104 shop-and-shops, 15 factory stores, and 5 distributor-operated locations. Indirect sales increased 37% to $179 million from $130 million in the same period last year. During the quarter, POS sales at U.S. department stores grew over 10%, while international POS sales grew by more than 25%.  We estimate that premium and U.S. handbag and accessory category sales grew by about 10% during the holiday quarter. At the same time, Coach's handbag sales rose 15% across all channels in North America over the like period.  As mentioned, we were pleased with our overall performance in North America this quarter against very difficult comparisons across all channels. Our total revenues in North America were up 20%, with our directly operated stores generating a 19% gain driven by both distribution and the overall high single-digit comp.  North America retail stores posted an 11% gain despite a 1% comp decline which, as you know, was slightly below our low single-digit guidance. Two of three comp metrics - traffic and conversion - met our expectations, while our average ticket posted a modest decline reflecting the fact that some of our consumers traded down to lower price point items, which Mike Tucci will discuss in more detail in just a minute.  Results in our full-price businesses both in North America and internationally continue to be driven by the monthly flow of new products. Our U.S. factory store business remained remarkably strong throughout the quarter given the vibrancy of the Coach brand, the strength of our proposition, and continued sales growth in premium factory malls. Finally, Coach sales on the Internet rose 15% in total this holiday, with the majority of the growth driven by the introduction of Coach to the Dillard's and Nordstrom's web sites. I also want to highlight another excellent quarter for Coach women's footwear. Our business in department stores where we are now sold through about 800 locations rose about 65% at POS for the quarter.  We were also very pleased with the performance at Coach Japan this quarter, where sales rose 17% in yen and 21% in dollars. Growth in Japan was fuelled primarily by distribution through both new stores and expansions, augmented by mid single-digit comparable location sales as our market share continued to expand against a weak category backdrop. While Mike Devine will get into more detail on our financials in general and these metrics in specific, I wanted to give you this recap of Coach's second quarter performance. I will now turn it over to Mike Tucci to discuss our North American retail holiday sales performance and our spring initiatives. Mike?
Michael Tucci - President, North American Retail: Thanks, Lew, and good morning. Lew has just given you a recap of the quarter, which was challenging in many respects. While we essentially met our guidance of our high single-digit combined full-price and factory store comp, we were surprised by the slight comp decline in our retail stores, where our traffic challenges continued through the quarter. The good news was that against the lower traffic, we actually converted at a much higher rate, although at a lower average transaction size or ticket than we saw last year as some consumers were definitely trading down to lower-priced items. As mentioned in our release, our holiday offerings were generally well received across categories in collections. Our key item strategy was successful this season, which featured groups and item concepts generating about 50% of our holiday sales. Bleecker, our newest lifestyle platform which was inspired by our classic Heritage, was the most important initiative during the quarter. It was well received by consumers, notably at higher price points. In fact, the $400 and up handbag offering represented about 22% of handbag sales this year versus 13% last year. At the other end of the spectrum, new items such as our $98 capacity wristlet were top sellers, while new categories such as jewellery and fragrance were great giftables at sharp prices. The strong performance of these categories speaks to the vibrancy of the brand as we gave consumers new ways to participate in Coach this holiday season.  Overall on a comp basis, we did see handbag penetration in our retail stores decline slightly in favor of these lower price point items. This suggests an opportunity in smaller bags at sharper prices which will be reflected in our assortments going forward.  Before moving on to spring, I'd like to touch on some of the key points from our Coach Service initiative during holiday. Coach Service is an initiative we implemented three years ago to enhance our consumers' shopping experience and ultimately drive conversion. For FY08, the program evolved, providing enhanced leadership skills to our store managers, enabling them to develop their teams more effectively. Our focus for holiday was on technology initiatives.  First, time and attendance. A new time and attendance system was implemented in advance of holiday. The system gives store leadership visibility to individual service leader productivity. Specifically, it allows us to be more targeted in scheduling our most effective service leaders during peak times and then measuring their effectiveness. Second, E-Runner. Our enhanced line management and checkout process was rolled out to an additional 75 high-volume stores, taking us to 98 stores for the holiday season. The system reduced transaction time and improved throughput. Third, web store pick up. This service enhancement benefited consumers by allowing them to pre-order online for in-store pickup.  In summary, these initiatives allowed us to leverage our store labor costs while at the same time delivering a superior in-store experience to our shoppers. I also wanted to briefly touch on the performance of our new stores, which has been well ahead of our internal projections.  During our analyst day presentation in September, we talked about the outperformance of stores opened in fiscal year 2007. This positive trend has continued, and the 21 stores opened in the first four months of FY08 are running about 24% ahead of pro forma, with an average first year annual volume of $2 million. Turning to spring, we're enthusiastic about our transitional and seasonal offerings. As part of this transition, we recently introduced the New Slim Carly, offered in leather and signature across multiple silhouettes with iconic elements such as harness detailing and turn locks.  In addition, we updated our Hamptons Collection with a fresh color palette and silhouette, including the popular Madeline Tote and introduced new spring accessories. For February, we will be launching Heritage Stripe, a group of coated canvas totes and bags representing a new concept, broadening our scope of attitudes, as well as a new collection of signature stripe handbags and accessories at great price points. For March, we will be introducing a new silhouette, the Francine Satchel, while updating the Hamptons Weekend Collection. April will mark the re-launch of Soho in drapier, feminine shapes, and we're very excited about pleated Ergo coming in for Mother's Day.  In summary, we're confident in our spring opportunities, both in product flow and our continued focus on Coach Service. With that, I will return the discussion to Lew to continue with our overarching strategy.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Mike. I think it's important to note that this challenging climate has only served to reinforce our longstanding practice of evolution and continuous improvement. We are embarking on a comprehensive review of all ways in which the brand touches the consumer. These initiatives will be evident as we move into full year 2009, most notably in our product and in our store environments. We plan to leverage for the early successes we have seen with our Pinnacle offering, creating a broader assortment of more sophisticated and elevated product which will create a halo for the entire brand, heightening Coach's aspirational appeal. We will also at the same time maintain the balance that is key to our franchise, capitalizing on our leadership position with our loyal core consumer and with the aspirational consumer who is often trading up to Coach. It is for these reasons that we're now realigning our product development structure to create separate cross-functional design and sourcing teams dedicated to meeting the varying consumer requirements across attitudes and price points. We will also be enhancing our in-store experience notably through the environment, creating a more residential and intimate feel, with more proprietary elements capturing the attitude we have achieved in our legacy concept store here in Manhattan. We continue to believe that our opportunities, both in our home market and internationally are abundant. For perspective, we estimate the addressable handbag and accessory market in North America reached over $8 billion in calendar 2007 and is continuing to demonstrate growth despite the weaker economy. Thus, with the Coach brand so strong and the market expanding, the potential for Coach remains significant. As most of you know, we have two primary sales drivers; each plan to achieve about 10 points of growth. First is distribution as we expand our global network of store locations with an emphasis on North America, Japan and Greater China. And second is productivity, which we drive across all geographies through the introduction of innovative, relevant product offering excellent value.  We have been implementing four key strategies that focus on sustaining growth within our global framework. Clearly, our largest opportunity during our planning horizon continues to be in North America. First most generally, we're building market share in a growing North American women's accessories market by leveraging our leadership position as a topofmind and preferred brand for self-purchase and gifts. As part of this strategy, we've been emphasizing new usage occasions within our handbag offering and developing new flanker categories such as jewellery and fragrance.  There is also a continuing opportunity as I mentioned to elevate our handbag offering. As we have seen, the so-called white space between our price points and those of the European luxury brands continue to widen. Our first legacy boutique which opened on Bleecker Street here in New York in October features a more elevated product assortment, including an exclusive group of handbags and accessories. This store, which allows us to test merchandising, service, and product initiatives, has been performing extremely well. Our second strategy is the continued rapid growth in North American retail. We plan to add about 40 retail stores in North America in each of the next several years. Based on the performance of our new stores and the greater numbers of new consumers we are attracting, we believe that North America in total can easily support about 500 retail stores, including up to 20 in Canada. This roadmap for expansion is based upon a build up of individual malls and locations that meet our demographic requirements and economic hurdles. Specifically, during FY08 we expect to open about 40 new North American retail stores, including the 23 already opened in the first half. The new openings will include 13 completely new markets, and we expect to open a few more factory stores in addition to the six opened in the first half. Also, we will be expanding nearly 20 retail stores and several factory stores. Taken together, we expect total square footage to grow at about 20% this year, a bit above last year. And third, outside the U.S. we're continuing to increase market share with the Japanese consumer driving growth in Japan primarily by opening new retail locations and by expanding existing ones. For FY08, we plan to open about 10 net new retail locations as well as a few factory outlets as this channel becomes more important to Japanese consumers. We will also continue to expand key locations. Overall, we expect to increase our square footage in Japan at a slightly lower rate in FY08 than we did last year. In addition, we're continuing to target overall constant currency sales growth of between 10% and 15% for the balance of the year in Japan, driven primarily by distribution growth. Our fourth strategy is to raise brand awareness in emerging markets to build a foundation for substantial sales in the future. Specifically, Greater China, Korea, and other such geographies are increasing in importance as the category is growing rapidly and Coach is taking hold. During the first half, we opened a net of 15 new international locations outside of Japan, including six in Greater China. In FY08, in total we will open through distributors about 30 net new locations focused on Greater China, Southeast Asia and the Middle East. A few highlights of our upcoming international openings are worth mentioning. First, as noted in our press release, given the rapid growth we're experiencing in East Asia and Greater China, we are particularly pleased to announce the opening of a global flagship store on Queen's Road Central in Hong Kong scheduled for early summer 2008. This flagship will significantly enhance the Coach brand and is consistent with our strategy of raising awareness and aggressively growing market share with the Chinese luxury consumer. Clearly, Greater China has the potential during the next few years to become the third major market for Coach following North America and Japan. Second, we are also pleased to announce plans to enter the Russian market through an arrangement with JamilCo, a local distributor with significant luxury brand experience. Together, we expect to open at least 15 Coach locations in Russia over the next five years, initially concentrating development in Moscow and St. Petersburg. In summary, we're well positioned to continue to capitalize on the many opportunities available to us and have the strategies in place to realize our long-term growth plan irrespective of the near-term environment. At this time, I'd like to turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further detail on our financials. Mike?
Michael F. Devine - CFO and EVP: Thank you, Lew. Lew and Mike have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our second quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased 21%, with direct-to-consumer up 18% and indirect up 37%. Earnings per share for the quarter increased 21% to $0.69 a share as compared to $0.57 in the year ago period as net income rose to $252 million from $214 million. Our operating income rose 18% to $403 million in the second quarter versus $341 million in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 41.2% compared to 42.3% in the year ago quarter. In the second quarter, gross profit rose 19% to $737 million, up from $621 million a year ago.  Gross margin rate was 75.4% versus 77.1% last year, impacted by the promotional environment in North America as well as currency fluctuations. SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales were below prior year levels in the quarter and represented 34.2% of sales versus 34.8% last year.  We achieved leverage on our retail P&L despite its lower level of comp, while we also saw leverage on what we refer to as our semi-fixed corporate functions. Moving to the balance sheet, inventory levels at quarter end were $301 million, about 20% above prior year levels and slightly below our sales increase, leaving us well positioned with clean inventories as we enter the spring season. This inventory increase allows us to support 54 net new U.S. stores, 15 net new locations in Japan, and substantially increase sales levels.  Accounts receivable balances rose only 14%. Cash and short-term investments stood at $891 million as compared with $820 million a year ago, despite the repurchase of $839 million worth of our stock in the interim 12 months. Net cash from operating activities in the second quarter was $393 million compared to $345 million last year during Q2.  Free cash flow in the second quarter was an inflow of $345 million versus $307 million in the same period last year, mainly due to higher net income. Our Capex spending, primarily for new stores and renovations, was $48 million versus $37 million in the same quarter a year ago. As noted in our press release, during the second quarter we repurchased and retired 20.5 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $34.51, spending a total of $707 million or an additional 9.9 million shares at $34.24 per share since our November 9th announcement of the new $1 billion authorization. As of the end of Q2, $661 million was still available under the company's most current repurchase authorization, which was put in place on November 9th. Now I'd to provide you with some of our updated goals for fiscal 2008.  For the second half of 08, we're targeting net sales of at least $1.5 billion representing a year-on-year increase of at least 17%, operating income up about 16%, reflecting an operating margin of about 36.5%, and earnings per share of $0.97, an increase of 20%. As noted, we are not providing comparable store sales guidance due to the lack of visibility given the macro backdrop. Additionally, it should be noted that going forward we will be reporting only total sales growth in Japan consistent with the practice of our peers. Our current goals for the full fiscal year are net sales growth of at least 20% to at least $3.15 billion, and we're targeting an operating margin of 37.7%, which assumes further SG&A leverage over the balance of the year while gross margin is expected to decline about 100 basis points; operating income dollar growth of about 20% above FY07 levels; interest income of about $40 million, which is significantly lower than included in our prior guidance due to the cash used on buyback activity as well as lower interest rates. This interest income will add the pretax income while net income will be somewhat offset by a higher tax rate this year at about 39% due to the fact that incremental taxable income is being taxed at higher rates.  Including these factors, we anticipate generating EPS growth of 22% which will produce earnings per share of $2.06, consistent with our prior guidance. For FY08, we are still planning to spend about $200 million on Capex, primarily for new stores and expansions both here and in Japan, as discussed. In addition, as mentioned in our last call, we are expanding our distribution center in Jacksonville, Florida by about 50% to support Coach's projected sales growth for the next few years. While we upgraded the technology at this facility a year ago, a physical expansion is now necessary to accommodate the expected growth of our business. This expansion will require Capex of about $12 to $15 million in FY08. While these are our current goals, our actual results may vary from these targets based upon a number of risk factors, including those discussed under the Business of Coach, Inc. and Risk Factors in our annual report on Form 10-K. Coach also does not assume any obligation to update these targets as the year progresses. In summary, we're confident that our growth strategies will enable us to continue to gain share in the large and growing global market for fine accessories and gifts. Thank you for your attention, and now Lew, Mike, Andrea and I will be happy to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions)  Our first question comes from Robert Drbul with Lehman Brothers. You may ask your question.
Robert Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Good morning.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Good morning, Bob.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - SVP, IR: Morning, Bob.
Robert Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Lew, I guess the question that I have this morning for you is given the uncertainty out there in the environment, I mean, how can you be confident in the guidance that you're giving us for the second half of 2006 of the year?
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Bob, as you know, we have a diversified business model. We're not overly dependent on any single channel.  We do have two levers for growth. The first is distribution, which will represent slightly more than half of our planned growth in the second half of 2006 and that we have great visibility to. We also look to improve worldwide productivity, and we have excellent visibility in that arena as well. So we have built a range of assumptions that lead us to confidently project growth of at least 17%.
Robert Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just another question real quickly would be: When you talk about the consumer trading down specifically within your stores, have you seen higher levels of cross-shopping between, you know, full-price stores, shopping in the outlets or, you know, any other trends you guys usually analyze.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: No. The short answer is no. What we have found both in our factory stores and in our full-price stores is substantially higher conversion levels. So once the consumer is in our full-price store or our factory store, she's converting at higher levels. But we don't see consumers trading down from full price to factory.
Robert Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thank you very much.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michelle Clark with Morgan Stanley. You may ask your question.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks. And good morning, everyone.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Good morning.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: First in terms of traffic trends, can you give us any more color, any notable cause in terms of one geography, and then if you're seeing any notable differences in terms of your on-mall locations versus your standalone locations?
Michael Tucci - President, North American Retail: Sure. We actually saw traffic patterns through the quarter that were very consistent from the start of the quarter right through and frankly, very consistent across geographies, so no major differences to call out around traffic.  Obviously, we're fighting that headwind and trying to convert the people who are coming into our stores, which we're doing at a much higher rate.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: All right. Thanks.  And Mike, any notable differences in your on-mall locations versus your off-mall locations in terms of traffic?
Michael Tucci - President, North American Retail: A very slight difference in terms of malls suffering a little bit more and our street locations and what you might call lifestyle centers or hybrids a little bit more healthy.  Of course, that's a much smaller piece of our portfolio.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Right. And then, second question, Lew, your thoughts on announcing a new share buyback plan in the second half of '08?
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: We actually have an existing stock authorization program, and as Mike Devine indicated, I believe there's over $660 million still available.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Right. But anything in addition to that if you can get through it in the third quarter?
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Well, we can deal with that at that time.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks and best of luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger with Citi. You may ask your question.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Great, thank you. Good morning.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Good morning, Kimberly.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: The SG&A rates or the SG&A growth rate was very nice this quarter and actually lower than we were expecting. Is this a sustainable level of SG&A growth rate, and if you could just talk about some of the levers that you're pulling in a little more detail, that would be helpful.
Michael F. Devine - CFO and EVP: Sure, Kimberly, I'll take that.  We were pleased with where SG&A landed for the quarter. As you pointed out, it was - we got about 60 BPS of leverage from SG&A. We actually saw leverage on Mike Tucci's P&L at about a 7 comp. We were able to pull that off in Q2 when volumes were high, and I think it does speak to the levers and the manoeuvrability we have within spending and how nimble we are. You know, I've called them out before but I'm happy to talk about them again, particularly in our direct businesses. A lot of our spending is variable. We are in percentage rent in the majority of our stores. That is true in Coach Japan as well, where their occupancy is largely variable. Also, Mike talked about some of the technology enhancements that we've put into the store environment to make our associates more productive, most notably those around time and attendance and smart scheduling allows us to ideally match staffing levels with anticipated traffic and control store wages that way. We've also put on hold certain longer payback spending initiatives.  Also I will tell you that, as we've shared with the Street community over the years, our internal goals are always stretch versus those expectations we set with the Street, so we also have a variable component of our SG&A in terms of management bonuses. So all of those things taken together give us a lot of confidence that on a mid-teen type of top-line growth, we can continue to deliver SG&A leverage.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Great. That's very helpful. And just one last question on your gross margin guidance for the fiscal '08 year, I think you said down 100 basis points for the year, which would imply, you know, obviously some slight pressure on Q3 and Q4, but not to the extent that we saw in Q2. Please talk about how it is that you're getting there, and what gives you the confidence that the promotional environment that we saw here in the holiday period doesn't continue into Q3 and Q4?
Michael F. Devine - CFO and EVP: Yeah, actually, Kimberly, you're right in calling out that it is down year-over-year in the second half; that continues.  And our own anticipations are that we're going to need to continue the promotional activities that we employed in our direct businesses, particularly in North America, in the second half.  These intensified promotional activities are really going to be required for Coach to adapt to the difficult consumer environment, and so that is assumed in the gross margin guidance that we've laid out there for the balance of the fiscal year.
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: Great. Thanks, and good luck here in the second half.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our next question comes from Jeff Edelman with UBS. You may ask your question.
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Securities LLC: On the promotional side, this is the first time you've had to step it up to create incremental purchases. As you analyze your customer base, are we seeing any shift in less positive response to new line offerings or are would you attribute it to overall slower store traffic or price points?
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Overall, the significant majority of our sales in Q2 were made at full price, so we continue to be primarily a full-price proposition. So what we're talking about, Jeff, is on the margins, we intensified our preferred customer events in order to offset some of the reductions that we were experiencing in traffic and to be responsive to the challenging retail environment. Our brand is as resilient as it has been. Based on the research we did as recently as last month and into the first part of this month, Coach consumers intend to continue to spend on bags as much or more in the future than they did in the past, even though their overall purchasing spend is expected to be less. So we don't see this as germane to anything related to our franchise.
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Lew, in the past you've always maintained a very strong full-price proposition and the consumers have responded to that. As you increase your friends and family coupon or whatever, what's the fear that you have that you would create the let's wait and see what the next promotion is before I come into the store?
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: It's a very good question, Jeffrey. What I should have mentioned earlier perhaps is that the intensification primarily came from a new program that we just introduced to our exclusive factory store consumers where we offered our best factory store consumers the opportunity to buy at a discount in full price for a limited period of time. That initiative was extremely successful.  So this is a situation where we're looking to migrate factory consumers who are unique factory consumers or what we call exclusive factory store consumers to full price. It's been very successful.  So that's been the vast majority of the intensification. And again, the vast majority of our sales continue to be at full price. The other thing that was interesting to us, notwithstanding the very strong response we got from our best customers who we invited - best factory customers who we invited to our full-price events, there was no fall off in our factory business during or subsequent to that event.
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And the same question as far as the full-price stores are concerned?
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: The only thing that happened was our business increased during the period in full price.
Michael Tucci - President, North American Retail: Jeff, what Lew was explaining is that the exclusive factory store customer invites were the invites for those consumers that shop in the full-price stores.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - SVP, IR: And that was the incrementality year-over-year. 
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick - SVP, IR: That new set.
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. But the fact that you've stepped up the friends and family or coupon to the existing full-price store customers, if you fall back on that - 
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Year-on-year, it's heavily the same on full price.
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Okay, thank you.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: There was one event this quarter, there was one event last quarter; the numbers are relatively similar.  The difference is that we did a very substantial event inviting, again, unique factory store consumers to shop at full price. We obviously will be measuring the long-term impact to see whether all of the spend is incremental, whether we're also able to convert some of them to buy in full price at full price.
Jeffrey Edelman - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Okay, great. Thank you.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Schick with Stifel Nicolaus. You may ask your question.
David Schick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Hi. Good morning.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Good morning, David.
David Schick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: The question is really if you could talk about your online business and your communication with your customers through email, what they're looking at, what they're opening in terms of spring. Is there anything that leads you to any conclusions on attitudes or appetite from that line of communication? Thanks.
Michael Tucci - President, North American Retail: Sure. In terms of our online activity, we had a very strong quarter online. We introduced a number of features online, like the - what we're calling web store pick up. Interestingly, our traffic patterns online have remained very healthy. We have not significantly increased our email activity. We're very disciplined around email activity, and our thought process there is that we're going to send emails to those people who are most interested in receiving them and have the highest propensity to open them. Our email and promotional activity online is really focused on newness, so what we're using online as a vehicle for is an introduction to the brand.  Our business online equals on an annual basis all of our visits in store. It's an enormous number of people. We are going to be introducing new product into the stores on Friday of this week, which will be a lifestyle platform called Heritage Stripe. We'll use online as a way to introduce that in terms of a product refresh online as well as email. Sequentially, on the 15th of February we will introduce a major platform of Signature Stripe. We'll also refresh our web site in conjunction with our store refresh, use email to communicate that.  And that's essentially how we do it. We see the online experience as a direct link to our store experience, and very recent data that we've looked at suggests that more and more, the store experience is being pre-shopped by our consumer online. They're going online to basically interact with the brand, scout for newness, scout for information, and then they're visiting the stores off of that experience. So we feel very good about what we're doing with our online consumer. 
David Schick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: And is there anything, you know, in the last month or two months in terms of what people are looking at price point wise or anything that you can track there that would lead you to other conclusions about price point going forward other than what you've already shared?
Michael Tucci - President, North American Retail: It's very funny. It's such a mirror image, what the consumer buys online and how she behaves online. We merchandise our web site as a flagship, so it's a very broad offering.  I would take the opportunity to maybe bridge to the subject of assortment and what we believe very strongly in is continuing to focus on this elevated product assortment and going after the white space. I will say that there is an opportunity offsetting that to make sure we have proper balance across price spans at lower prices in the handbag spectrum, and as I said earlier in my prepared remarks, that's something that we're addressing. I think with the next two deliveries, in fact - Heritage Stripe and Signature Stripe you're going to see a very broad offering from a price standpoint, including some very sharp price points in smaller bags, and that'll round out the assortment.  And you'll see that online and in store.
David Schick - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Liz Dunn with Thomas Weisel Partners. You may ask your question.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi. Good morning.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Good morning.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - SVP, IR: Hi.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Can you discuss the price adjustments that occurred during the quarter? How was that accounted for? My understanding is that it was accounted for as a price adjustment, not a markdown. And over time, what's your ability to sort of hit those lower price points while maintaining your exceptional growth margins?  Also related to gross margin, what's the cost environment like? We're hearing a lot of talk about cost pressure coming out of China. What are you experiencing?
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Okay. Well first, with regard to the repricing, the catalyst for the repricing was to provide price comparability with department stores whose inventories were larger than they would have liked going into the week before Christmas. And their interest was to cleanse their inventories, and we followed up to provide consumers with comparability. What you need to appreciate is that it was less than 5% of our sales. It wasn't undertaken to lower price points. It was really undertaken to give consumers an equal value.  It was an exceptional event. We did it because wanted our department store inventories to be clean for the spring, which they are, and we think we're better off for it. It was de minimus to our overall results. With regard to the cost environment, you're correct. Costs are going up in China. At the same time, we are beginning to migrate some of our production to lower-cost neighbouring countries such Vietnam and India, which of course is not that close. But we are looking at other geographies. We're also, within China, moving to lower-cost areas in the northern part of China. So we have a very flexible constellation of independent factories that work in partnership with us in order to preserve high quality and at the same time enable us to maintain or reduce costs. Mike, you want to - 
Michael F. Devine - CFO and EVP: Yeah, just to drill down and a little nearer term in around the cost pressures, they have existed and continue to exist. We've seen some easing of leather prices, but there are also offsets. The sourcing organization has done a marvellous job. In the second quarter alone, while we talked about gross margin being impacted by some promotional pressures in our direct business, we actually saw gross margins expand in our indirect business. And so again, the sourcing organization, merchandising and our wholesale sales divisions really did a terrific job in actually delivering year-over-year margin growth in the indirect business. So we have been able to offset those cost increases in what I'll call our organic gross margin rate product price versus cost ratios.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: And do you think your gross margins are sustainable in sort of a mid-70s range over the long term?
Michael F. Devine - CFO and EVP: Yeah, we feel very strongly that way.
Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel Partners: Great. Thanks.
Michael F. Devine - CFO and EVP: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christine Chen with Needham & Company. You may ask your question.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Thank you. I was just wondering, for the gross margin decline in the quarter, can you help us quantify what part of it might have been due to the channel shift, you know, given the outperformance of factory and how much of it was due to the promotional environment?  And then can you also talk a little bit about your relationship with department stores, like for the bags that did get marked down in the department stores, is that markdown money that they have to bear or is that on your end? Thank you.
Michael F. Devine - CFO and EVP: I'll take that one. I'll answer the last part of the question first. In terms of relationship with the wholesale partners, the markdown money is something that's been accounted for both in our actual margins through Q2 that we published today and in our guidance and thinking going forward, so it's in there, if you will. And I'm sorry, the second part of the question?
Andrea Shaw Resnick - SVP, IR: Breakdown gross margin.
Michael F. Devine - CFO and EVP: Oh, the breakdown of gross margin, I'm sorry. We had roughly an offset. I just spoke about the hard work of the sourcing organization. We actually had the sourcing relationship improvements roughly offset our channel mix. Both were at about $40 BPS in either direction offsetting those. And so the year-over-year change of about 170 basis points came from about 100 basis points due to increased promotional activities in our direct businesses and about 50% - I'm sorry, 50 basis points - also from a negative impact from currency fluctuations, most notably the yen in Japan. And so from guidance, where we had guided down about 50 basis points for Q2, the mix was about 120. That same 50 in currency accounts for part of that 120. We didn't anticipate the strengthening of the yen going into the quarter. And then our promotional activity was about 70 basis points more in our direct channels than we had anticipated when we gave our October guidance.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Got it. And then I guess just to further clarify the relationship with the department stores, some vendors, you know, negotiate a discount upfront and then at the end of the quarter they don't need to argue about markdown dollars. Is that how you do your business, or do you discuss it at the end of every quarter?
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: We have a longstanding partnership with department stores. They look, as we do, at our business with them on an annual basis, and any markdowns and discounts are a very small part of the total picture, not worth even discussing.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Got it. And then can you talk a little bit about jewellery, how that did during the quarter?
Michael Tucci - President, North American Retail: Sure. We were very, very pleased with jewellery. It is a flanker category. It is a category that we believe has strong relevance in the mix in terms of our brand. We introduced it to all stores in September. We refreshed jewellery in terms of new product going into the quarter. It performed better than we had planned at slightly better penetration levels in the 3% range overall; higher in our more dominant flagship locations which had a broader assortment of jewellery, including sterling.  And one of the learnings that we got is that we got a very strong reaction to the sterling portion of the jewellery mix, and we are rolling that to several more stores as early as this quarter where we can provide fixturing and add that in terms of an assortment mix. So we feel very good about the assortment. You'll see a lot of newness in jewellery in the next 60 days in our stores.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Christine?
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Yes.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Yeah, just one last thing on department stores. I know you know this, but I'll just say it anyway.  For context, department stores are only about 11% to 12% of our global sales, so it's actually a very small part, unlike the situation with most American brands. 
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Right. Well, thank you and good luck.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erwan Rambourg with HSBC. You may ask your question. 
Erwan Rambourg - HSBC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Good morning.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - SVP, IR: Good morning.
Erwan Rambourg - HSBC: I think you've been very clear on the promotional environment in the States. I was just wondering if this was an isolite - an isolated, sorry - phenomenon or if you're also seeing promotional activity going on in Japan? And if that's the case, does that explain the fact that your comps are accelerating in Japan, or is that linked to something else?
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: Well, first, our comps aren't accelerating. They've been fluctuating between low and high single digits for years now. Our primary growth is through distribution. The level of promotional activities in Japan are no greater today than they were yesterday. They're consistent.
Erwan Rambourg - HSBC: Okay. And then I was just wondering if you had given further thought to the potential of a dividend given the tough equity markets we're experiencing today?
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: It's never far from our minds. We talk about it regularly, so the answer is yes, it continues to be under consideration.
Erwan Rambourg - HSBC: Okay, thank you.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. You may ask your question.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Good morning, everyone. Can you talk a little bit about how you're reorganizing the business in terms of by brand or by product category, by usage? How is that going to impact costs or sales or margins or better help you develop product? Thank you.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: The intention is really to help us better develop product, and I think the best illustration I can provide is by illustration. We're creating a group to focus on higher-end product and we're calling that Collection Group. And that group is going to have, within the same entity, designers, sample makers, product development people and sourcing people who will be responsible for the procurement of materials. And to the extent that we are going to be introducing new collections in this white space, and we are, there's longer lead times that are required for new material development, and by having a dedicated unit from conception to completed production will enable us to be more nimble, enable us to also broaden our development activities. So that's really taking our category teams to the next level.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you.
Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO: You're welcome.
Andrea Shaw Resnick - SVP, IR: Thank you, everybody, for joining us today. It is now 9:31 per my watch and, of course, I look forward to taking your questions as does Mike Devine throughout the day, but we're going to end this conference call. Have a terrific day. Thanks, everyone.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-10-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick – Senior Vice President Investor Relations Lew Frankfort – Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Michael F. Devine – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Michael Tucci – President North American Retail
Analysts: Robert W. Baird – Lehman Brothers, Inc. Sarah Lewis - Credit Suisse North America Jeffrey Edelman – UBS Securities LLC Kimberly Greenberger, CFA – Citigroup Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs & Company Randy Konik - Bear, Stearns & Co., Inc. Michelle Clark – Morgan Stanley Erwan Rambourg – HSBC Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Coach Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I would like to turn the call over to Senior Vice President of Investor Relations at Coach, Mrs. Andrea Shaw Resnick you may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort Coach’s Chairman and CEO and Mike Devine Coach’s CFO; Mike Tucci President of North American Retail is also joining us. Before we begin we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward looking statements including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate [inaudible] costs. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10K for a complete list of each risk factor. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. We presently expect to update our estimates each quarter only however, the failure to update this information should not be taken as Coach’s acceptance of these estimates on a continuing basis. Coach may also choose to discontinue presenting future estimates at any time.  Now, let me outline the speakers the topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our first fiscal quarter 2008 results and will also discuss our strategies going forward. Mike Tucci will review our key initiative for the holiday season. Mike Devine will [inaudible] details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter as well as our outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2008. Following that we will hold a Q&A session that will end by 9:30 AM. I’d now like to introduce Lew Frankfort Coach’s Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks Andrea and welcome everyone. As you know, we have once again announced excellent top line growth and even stronger bottom line results of 28% and 34% respectively for the quarter just completed. We were extremely pleased with our performance, especially in light of the weakening retail climate in the US as our innovated and relative product clearly resonated with consumers across channels and geographies. We were also encouraged with the continued strength of new stores that are coming online well ahead of expectations.  As you know, in today’s press release we moderated our guidance for North American Retail same store sales for the balance of the year. At the same time, we underscored our continuing positive outlook including the delivery of a 20% revenue gain this holiday season. Given the vitality of the Coach brand, category strength and our diversified multi channel international business model, we’re confident that the sales and earnings guidance for the year originally provided in July can still be achieved. In addition, our ability to act quickly and nimbly to curve spending during a period of uncertain sales trends will ensure continued expense leverage. While I will get into further detail of our current conditions and the outlook for the category in our business shortly, I did want to take the time to review our quarter first. Some highlights of our first fiscal quarter were: first, earnings per share rose 32% to $0.41 compared with $0.31 in the prior year as net income rose 34% to $155 Million. Second, net sales totaled $677 Million versus $529 Million a year ago, a gain of 28%. Third, direct to consumer sales rose 26% to $508 Million from $404 Million in the prior year. Fourth, North American same store sales for the quarter rose 19.3% with retail stores up 10.8% and factory stores up 27.3%. Finally, sales in Japan rose 17% in constant currency driven by new stores and expansions, augmented by low single digit retail comps as we continue to grow our market share.  During the quarter we opened 13 US retail stores including four in new market for Coach. Rochester Minnesota, Augusta Georgia, Nashua New Hampshire and Jenson Beach Florida as well as three factory stores. In addition, nine retail stores and four factory stores were expanded. Thus, at the end of the period there were 272 full priced and 96 factory stores in operation in North America. In Japan, four locations were added while one was expanded. At quarter end there were 146 total locations in Japan with 23 full priced stores including eight flagships, 104 shopping shops, 14 factory stores and five distributor operated locations.  In direct sales increased 35% to $169 Million from $125 Million in the same period last year. Results were driven by strong POS gains in the US and internationally. In fact, US department store performance of POS continued to be excellent running up about 20% last quarter on the same location basis.  We were very pleased with the performance on Coach US retail stores which enjoy strong increases in conversion and average transaction size while traffic slowed most notably at the end of the period. Results in our full priced businesses both Coach retail stores and US department stores continued to be driven by the monthly flow of new product. Our year end factory store business remained remarkably strong through the quarter given the vibrancy of the Coach brand, the strength of our proposition and continued sales growth in premium factory malls. Finally, our Internet business rose 23% in total including, an 11% increase at www.Coach.com whiles sales through the introduction of Coach to the Macys and Dillards’ websites which were not in place in a year ago quarter contributed to balance. I also want to highlight another spectacular quarter for Coach women’s footwear. Our business in department stores where we are now sold through about 800 locations rose about 75% at POS for the quarter. We were also very pleased with the performance of Coach Japan this quarter were sale rose 17% in Yen and 15% in Dollars as our market share continues to grow rapidly. Last quarter our growth in Japan was fueled primarily by distribution through both new stores and expansions augmented by low single digit comparable location sales.  Finally, we were particularly pleased with the significant improvement in operating margins. While Mike Levine will get in to more detail on our financials and of course, I will discuss our outlook in some detail, I wanted to give you this recount. As you’ve heard, Mike Tucci is with us today to discuss our product performance for Q1 and our holiday sales initiatives. Mike.
Michael Tucci: Thanks Lew. As mentioned in our release, our transitional and fall offerings were successful across all categories and collections. Each of our monthly introductions was well received started in July with Chelsea and the tiered off ring including novelty and limited edition styles. This was followed by Hamptons and Legacy in August and by fresh group of belted Ergo Silhouettes in September. Also, in September our jewelry assortment was expanded and introduced into an all store distribution. Once again, it is important to note the strength of our $400 and over handbag offering in the quarter which doubled, representing 25% of our North American retail store handbag sales.  To open October we introduced Bleecker, our first new major lifestyle collection of fiscal 2008. This collection which was inspired by Coach’s heritage is anchored by a new version of our iconic double sack and has been well received. Our Bleecker collection is a key focus and major investment for holiday. And, as always, we’re excited about our key items and concepts for holiday offered at a range of compelling price points. First, in handbags beginning with Carly, this was first introduced in January an important key item style with broad consumer appeal and has consistently represented over 10% of business since its debut. Second, Bleecker duffels inspired by our heritage and introduced earlier this month, this updated Silhouette is performing very well. The convertible strap, great capacity and opening price point of $298 makes it particularly compelling. Third, the Bleecker Flap starting at $348. This iconic style was also introduced this month and the adjustable strap and exterior pockets add to its functionality.  Finally, handbags over $400. As I mentioned earlier, this category continues to be our fastest growing and we are well positioned for holiday in this price segment of our offering. A few examples include the new Bleecker Elite Duffel at $748. The Hamptons Miranda Satchel priced between $798-$1200 and the Legacy Lee Shoulder Bag priced from $598-$798.  In other categories, gifts under $100. Whether an add on item or an introduction to the brand, she’ll find a range of great gifts at sharp price points. Included are fragrance and body lotion introduced this year, the best selling new capacity wristlet offered in a range of fabrics and mini skinnies in over 20 fabric and color choices just to name a few. Also, jewelry, the updated holiday assortment includes a range of bangle bracelets priced from $68-$148, leather boyfriend necklaces and bracelets with charms at $88 and $98 and the Daphne collection a glass and plated metal group of rings, earrings, necklaces and bracelets at opening price points of $98.  Our holiday gifting floor set will be installed in the Monday before Thanksgiving with a focus on our key holiday statements and items. The floor set will be refreshed to coincide with the launch of Resort on December 3rd. A capsule collection of best seller Bleecker silhouettes offered in a spring signature palette and complemented by a group of metallic woven leather handbags and accessories. Our holiday catalog in home in mid November has been expanded to include our new categories as well as the Resort collection. We’re also looking forward to introducing our special holiday gift guide which will be used as an in store selling tool focused on our key items. And finally, on the in store experience, Coach service is an initiative we implemented three years ago to enhance our consumer shopping experience and ultimately drive conversion. As you know, this comprehensive training program teaches interactive selling and engagement techniques to our sales associates. For FY 08 the program has evolved providing enhanced leadership skills to our store managers enabling them to develop their teams more effectively.  Technology initiatives will be important this quarter and they include first time and attendance. A new time and attendance system is being implemented in advance of holiday. The system gives store leadership visibility to individual service leader productivity. Specifically, it allows us to be more targeted in scheduling our most effective service leaders during peak times and then measuring their effectiveness. Second, eRunner, during the first quarter we rolled out our enhanced line management and checkout process to an additional 75 high volume stores taking us to 98 stores for the holiday season. This system reduces transaction time and improves through put. Third, web store pick up. We expect that this initiative launched in July will be very popular with our holiday shoppers. Stores will be ready to serve these customers quickly and efficiently as they visit our stores to pick up purchases and do some additional shopping.  Staying on the topic of www.Coach.com for a minute, as mentioned during our Analyst Day Presentation, we are excited about two new web based initiatives. First, the very recent launch of www.Coach.com in Canada and second, in early November we will be rolling out an online exclusive www.Coach.com gift registry just in time for holiday.  Simply put, our objective this holiday is to leverage our improved systems and operating standards to move the lines through the store faster while providing additional web service options for our Internet shoppers. Naturally, many of these initiatives introduced for holiday will continue beyond. Before I turn it over to Lew I wanted to briefly touch on the performance of our new stores which has been truly exceptional and well ahead of our internal projections. During our Analyst Day Presentation we talked about the out performance of stores opened in the first three quarters of 2007. Good news is that the stores opened in the fourth quarter which we now have revised annual volumes are running at $2.4 Million dollars versus our expectation of $1.7 Million, 40% ahead of plan. And, the four stores opened early enough in the first quarter to have been revised, including two in new markets and two in developing markets are running at volumes of $2 Million on average versus pro forma volumes of $1.4 Million. Clearly, these results speak to the vibrancy of the brand and our ability to attract new consumers both in new and existing markets. With that, I will return the discussion to Lew to continue with our over arching strategies.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks Mike. During the last five years we have seen same store traffic increase by 50% in our North American retail stores. At the same time, we generated double digit same store sales gains in each of these five holiday seasons capped by last year’s comp of 20.8% of which about half came from higher traffic. While we had initially expected that we could deliver another double digit holiday season at retail, the recent deceleration in traffic and moderation in category growth from the torrid 20% growth levels we have seen since 2003 to a rate closer to 10% this fall has lead us to be more conservative in our outlook.  At this point, for planning purposes we also think it is prudent to project that the category will grow at a 10% level for the remainder of our fiscal year. With that said, we remain confident in our long term strategies and our prospects remain intact. Our results both top and bottom line are determined by a multiple of factors. Even with a modest North American retail comps our significant growth in US department stores and Coach factory stores along with Japan and other international markets in combination with strong new store performance will allow us to continue to achieve excellent revenue gains. In addition, our strict financial controls will enable us to achieve superior earnings growth as well. As most of you know, we have two primary sales growth drivers, each plan to achieve about 10 points of growth. First, is distribution; as we expand our global network of store locations with an emphasis on North America, Japan and greater China. Second, is productivity which we drive across all geographies through the introduction of innovative relative product offer excellent value. We have been implementing five key strategies that focus on sustaining growth within our global framework. Clearly, our largest opportunity continues to be in North America. First, most generally we are building market share in the growing North American woman’s accessories market by leveraging our leadership position as a top of mind and preferred brand to self purchase and gifts. As part of this strategy we have been emphasizing new usage occasions within in our handbag offering and developing new flanked categories such as jewelry and fragrance. There is also a continuing opportunity to elevate our handbag offering as we have seen the so called white space between our price points and those of the European luxury brands continue to widen. Our first legacy boutique opening this Friday on Bleecker street here in New York will feature a more elevated product assortment including, an exclusive group of bags and accessories. This store will allow us to test merchandising, service and product initiatives.  Our second strategy is the continued rapid growth in North American retail. We plan to add about 40 retail stores in North America in each of the next several years. Based on the performance of our new stores and the greater number of new consumers we’re attracting we believe that North America in totally, can easily support about 500 retail stores including up to 20 in Canada. This road map for expansion is based upon a build up of individual malls and locations that meet our demographic requirements and economic hurdles. Statistically, during FY 08 we expect to open about 40 new North American retail stores including the 13 already opened in the first quarter. The new openings will include 11 completely new markets and we expect to open at least six new factory locations including, the three opened in the first quarter. In addition, we will be expanding at least 10 retail stores and several factory stores. Taken together, we expect total square footage to grow at about 20% in FY 08, a bit above last year.  Third, outside the US we are continuing to increase market share with the Japanese consumer driving growth in Japan primarily by opening new retail locations and by expanding existing ones. FY 08 we plan to open about 10-15 net new retail locations as well as a few factory outlets as this channel becomes more important to Japanese consumers. We will also continue to expand key locations. Overall, we expect to increase our square footage in Japan at a slightly lower rate in FY 08 than we did last year. Also, we’re continuing to target overall constant currency sales growth of between 10-15% for the balance of the year in Japan driven primarily by distribution growth and those single digit comps.  Our fourth strategy is to raise brand awareness in emerging markets to build a foundation of substantial sales in the future. Specifically, greater China, Korea and other such geographies are increasing in importance as the category is growing rapidly and Coach is taking hold. During the first quarter eight new Coach locations opened internationally excluding Japan, including three in greater China. In FY 08 we will open three distributors, about 30 new net locations focused on greater China, Southeast Asia and the Middle East. We plan to open at least three more locations in major cities in mainland China later this year bringing our total to 16.  And lastly, of course, we continue to have an overall focus on improving the rate of profitability so our bottom line results continue to out pace top line performance. In summary, we’re well positioned to continue to capitalize on the many opportunities available to us and have the vision, strategies and tactics in place to realize our long term growth plans in respective of the near term environment. I will now turn it over to Mike Devine for further detail on our financials. Mike.
Michael F. Devine: Thanks Lew. Lew and Mike have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our first quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased 28% with direct to consumer which represents over ¾ of our business up 26% and in direct up 35% driven by strong gains in US department stores and international POS sales.  Net income for the quarter increased 34% to $155 Million or $0.41 per share as compared to $115 Million or $.31 per share in the year ago period. Our operating income rose 32% to $239 Million in the first quarter versus $181 Million in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 35.3% compared to 34.1% in the year ago quarter. A 120 basis point improvement. In the first quarter gross profit rose 28% to $518 Million from $406 Million a year ago. As our gross margins continue to be exceptionally high essentially flat to last year at 76.6% versus 76.7% in the prior year.  SG&A expense as a percentage of net sales were well below prior year levels in the first quarter representing 41.3% of sales versus 42.6% as we continue to deliver spending leverage against strong top line growth. Inventory levels at quarter end were $363 Million and were well controlled up only 21% from prior year levels but do include investments in key holiday initiatives which position us well for the season. Further, this inventory level allows us to support 51 net new US stores, 15 net new locations in Japan and substantially increase sales levels from the year ago period.  Accounts receivable balances also grew more slowly than sales rising $31 Million or 26%. Cash and short term investments stood at $1.2 Billion as compared with $456 Million a year ago. During the quarter the company repurchased 3 Million shares of common stock at an average cost of $43.72 per share. At the end of the period $368 Million was available for repurchase under our current authorization.  Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter was $129 Million compared to $81 Million last year during Q1. Free cash flow in the first quarter was an in flow of $90 Million versus $44 Million in the same period last year mainly due to higher net income. Cap ex spending, primarily for new stores and renovations was $39 Million versus $36 Million in the same quarter a year ago.  Now, I’d like to provide you with some of our updated goals for fiscal 2008. For the second fiscal quarter we are targeting net sales of about $970 Million, representing a year-on-year increase of about 20% with low single digit North American comparable sales in the retail channel and at least the mid teens in the factory channel with a low single digit comp gain at Coach Japan. Operating income will also be up over 20% year-over-year and an earnings per share target of $0.68.  Our current goals for the full fiscal year are net sales growth of over 21% to over $3.17 Billion driven by distribution gains and productivity growth. As mentioned, we expect to open at least 46 new stores in North America, 15-20 new locations in Japan and about 30 new international locations while we continue to expand select highly productive locations globally. Our second half sales expectations include mid single digit comparable store sales gains in North American retail stores and at least 10% comparable store gains in the factory channel and a total sales increase in Japan of between 10 and 15% in constant currency driven primarily by distribution growth through new stores opening and expansions augmented by low single digit same location sales growth. We’re targeting an operating margin of about 38.3% which assumes a gross margin close to last year’s extraordinary levels over the balance of FY 08 and further SG&A leverage. Operating income dollar growth of over 22% above FY 07 levels. Interest income levels of about $70 Million will add to pre-tax income. Our net income will be somewhat offset by both higher share count and a higher tax rate rising to about 39% for the year due to the fact that incremental taxable income is being taxed at higher rates. Including these factors we expect to generate EPS growth of about 22% which will produce earnings per share of about $2.06 in line with previous guidance.  For FY 08 we continue to expect cap ex to rise to about $200 Million, primarily for new stores and expansions both here in Japan as discussed. In addition, as mentioned in our last call we will be expanding our distribution center in Jacksonville Florida by about 50% to support Coach’s projected sales growth over the next five years. While we upgraded the technology at this facility a year ago, a physical expansion is now necessary to accommodate the expected growth of our business. This will require cap ex of about $12-15 Million in FY 08. While these are our current goals, our actual results may vary from these targets based upon a number of factors including, those discussed under the business of Coach, Inc. and risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10K. Coach also does not assume any obligation to update these targets as the year progresses. In summary, we’re confident that our growth strategies will enable us to continue to gain share in the large and growing global market for fine accessories and gifts. Thank you everyone for your attention and now Lou, Mike, Andrea and I will be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time if you would like to ask a question you may press star one on your touch tone phone. If you would like to remove yourself from the queue you may press star two. Once again, star one if you would like to ask a question. Our first question comes from Robert W. Baird of Lehman Brothers, you may go ahead sir.
Robert W. Baird – Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Hi good morning.
Lew Frankfort: Good morning Bob.
Robert W. Baird – Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Lew, I guess just a couple of questions around your consumer, you know the Coach consumer. When you look at the trends that you’re seeing how concerned are you about your specific consumer in the high end? And, do you have the right quality of inventory to match the trends that you are seeing within your product offerings?
Lew Frankfort: First, we’re confident that the luxury consumer as well as the accessible luxury consumer which is our consumer Bob, is continuing to spend. What we’re experiencing in our stores for example, is much higher levels of conversion on lower levels of traffic this year. So, she is spending and based upon what she’s buying she’s also responding very well to our elevated product offering. In addition, when we look at our stats in terms of ongoing attitude consumer research from an attitude perspective, the Coach consumer has never been more vibrant than she is today. She has actually the highest levels of metrics in terms of her belief and confidence in Coach relative to ranking Coach as one of her favorite brands, excellent value, a brand that she trusts, a brand that she would recommend. So, we believe both the Coach consumer and more generally, the high end consumer is still out there and she spends when she shops.
Michael F. Devine: In terms of inventory position Bob, we feel very good about our position going in to the holiday season. Mike referenced key initiatives that he has planned into his business and our inventories are well positioned to support those initiatives, we feel very good about it.
Robert W. Baird – Lehman Brothers, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much. Good luck.
Lew Frankfort:  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Margaret Mager, you may go ahead. One moment please. Our next question comes from Paul Leslie of Credit Suisse. Your line is open sir, you may go ahead.
Sarah Lewis - Credit Suisse North America: Hi, this is Sarah Lewis calling on behalf of Paul. I was just wondering, you highlight in your press release the ability to curb spending during this period of uncertain sales trends. I was wondering if you can break up some of the bigger buckets that you’ve been able to cut back on and also where we can expect some of the spending to be curbed going forward? Thanks.
Michael F. Devine: The areas where we are able to act most quickly in terms of adjusting SG&A, is in Mike’s business actually in the retail stores. He talked about the investment we’ve made in the time and attendance system as the most recent investment in technology that we’ve put in place. So, we are able to quickly match our stores staffing levels with the traffic that we’re seeing coming into the stores. So, that’s one of the first levers that we’re able to use so that we can optimize that relationship to drive conversion without over spending. Secondly, many of our stores, in fact, the vast majority are in a variable percentage rent scenario with kick above breakpoints. So as traffic and sales performance moderates so do our occupancy levels. Beyond that we’ve gone back into the business and are looking at all of our spending dollars and are looking for those that do not have near term immediately paybacks as we ride out this near term decline in traffic. So, there are many levers that we have available to us and we feel good about the financial controls and how nimble we are in our ability to react to continue SG&A leverage.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Edelman from UBS. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Edelman – UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Lew Frankfort: Good morning Jeff.
Jeffrey Edelman – UBS Securities LLC: Could Lew or Mike give us a little more color in terms of your recent traffic trends was? Were there any geographical differences or age of store? To give us some sense whether or not it is really a weather or economy issue that is resulting in the reduced store traffic and mall traffic.
Michael Tucci: Sure. Jeff, we’re seeing really at the tail end of September the early part of October and I want to ground you from the standpoint of where we are for the quarter. We’ve got over 90% of the quarter in front of us as a significant portion of our volume comes post Thanksgiving but, what we’re seeing in the immediate past few weeks is pressure in the northeast, some pressure in parts of the south, specifically our Florida market and pressure on the west coast. We’re actually very pleased with the continued relative success of our business in the mid west, parts of the southwest. So, there is some geography. I’m not going to get into the weather because it’s been well documented and that’s really a factor that we have to manage through. So, we’re looking at some slight variation from a geographic standpoint and we’re managing it very, very closely across all stores. Age of store does not appear to be a factor at this stage in the game.
Jeffrey Edelman – UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then, as a follow up, could you discuss your average selling price and units per transaction?
Michael Tucci: Sure.
Jeffrey Edelman – UBS Securities LLC: And again, whether there’s any variation by geography there.
Michael Tucci: Sure. Sure. You know, one pocket of strength for us, by the way, recently has been Manhattan and that’s be driven by what we see a robust fashion market here in Manhattan, some increase in international and domestic tourism and some pricing opportunity in what I would call our higher tiered stores. Some real important factors: one, AUR improvement in handbags in the quarter was up almost 8%. So, in a challenging cycle in terms of footsteps we’re able to see significant improvement from a pricing standpoint and that will carry and help us tremendously as we go forward through the balance of the year. ADT was up modestly in total because some of that AUR improvement was mitigated or offset by the introduction of jewelry and fragrance and some of the sharper priced items that we’ve put into the assortment in small accessories. So, we continue to see pricing power in the brand. We also continue to see improved conversion levels on a lower index of traffic and that allows us to continue to get comp growth albeit against a weaker back drop from a traffic standpoint.
Jeffrey Edelman – UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Kimberly Greenberger, CFA – Citigroup: Great. Thank you. I was hoping you could give us a little bit more color on your department store POS sales. Are there any in particular that you can call out as being stronger or by contrast weaker? And then, Mike I was hoping you could give us just some color on your merchandise margin by channel and if you’re seeing continued gains in organic gross margin by channel? Thanks.
Michael Tucci: First, with regard to department stores, we actually have experienced good growth across the board during the first quarter. Interestingly, the greatest growth actually during the first quarter came from Dillards which, as you know, is a regional department store which grabbed about 35% ahead of POS. 
Michael Tucci: So Kimberly, let me take the – I assume you’re speaking to gross margin rate and it was our Q1 performance we were once again very pleased with in terms of organic gross margins rate. You saw that we were essentially flat, actually off 10 blips off of Q1 of a year ago and we were almost fully able to offset with organic gross margin rate improvement about 20 blips of dampening impact from channel mix and about 20 blips coming out of CJI as we sold through inventory that was purchased with a weaker Yen in Q1 of this year than Q1 of a year ago. So, we had 40 blips if you will of bad news to overcome and we essentially did that by getting back to essentially flat with organic margin rate improvement, gross margin rate improvement.
Kimberly Greenberger, CFA – Citigroup: Thanks and good luck for holiday.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Margaret Mager of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open, you may go ahead.
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs & Company: Hi. My apologizes on technical difficulties there, I hope I didn’t miss too much. But, the question I’d like to hear you respond to is on the traffic why do you think it is weaker and why has it weakened in the past several weeks in your opinion? And then, as you look out towards the second half of the year with your comp guidance going from low single digit back up to mid single digit, what do you see on the horizon that would encourage you to pick back up? And then, related, on the department store front when you outline your expectations for the rest of the year, one of the things you called out is continuing to see strength is on the department stores. Given that the traffic issues seem to be broader based environmental across all of retail, wouldn’t you expect your department store business to start to weaken as well? And, is that incorporated into your outlook? Thanks.
Lew Frankfort: Let me take the second part of the question first. In department stores which have not been a strong channel in terms of traffic year-on-year for several years now, Coach has out performed our competitors and have continued to have grown, as you know, very substantially in these periods. The reason for that is that we deal with a less qualified consumer in department stores. When a consumer is looking to buy a bag in a department store she might be loyal to Coach or she might not. But, if she’s looking for a bag we have an opportunity to compete with the other resources and even though we have 30% market share in department stores, there’s another 70% we don’t have. So, we’ve been fortunate that consumers continue to see our product and our offering as superior as our competitors and we believe that will continue. So, we’re very confident in our estimates in department stores that we will out pace their performance and that we will out pace other categories performance. With regard to the retail environment, Mike touched on it earlier, the weather situation is well documented so we won’t talk about that but, the overall retail environment has been soft. It particularly started to affect us in late September and that has continued through October and when we look at it, we also look at our comparisons with last year. The reality is that our traffic was up 11% or so this past quarter, the quarter we’re in now and when we move into the second half of our fiscal year we’re up against easier traffic comparisons and we also don’t believe that the unusual retail environment is influenced by whether it is going to continue at this level. Consumers will be back shopping once weather turns cooler on a sustained bases, consumers will remember that most of us do live in a tempered climate and there are seasons.
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs & Company: Okay Lew, can you tell us what you’re building into your expectations for department stores as far as maybe where it has been and where you see it going in terms of rate of growth? If I recall correctly, I think that channel has been growing about 30% for you?
Lew Frankfort: We’re very comfortable with our 20% plus growth expected during the rest of the fiscal year at POS in department stores. 
Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs & Company: Okay. Thanks and good luck.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Randy Konik of Bear Stearns. Your line is open.
Randy Konik - Bear, Stearns & Co., Inc.: Great. Thank you very much. Lew, you talk a lot about, in your comments, about the sic down turning traffic and reduced category growth sic locality for the remainder of the year. Can you talk in balance about [inaudible] versus secular, how do you think about the longer term secular process for the industry and what makes you so confidence there? And, how long is the cycle, is your cycle forecast for a weaker back half picking up into the next year of calendar 08.
Lew Frankfort: Randy, first for context we don’t really see this [inaudible] shift. The reality is handbags, during the course of these last several years has become an ever increasing important component of women’s wardrobes. You know the drill, she’s now buying over four handbags a year compared with just two several years ago. The reality is that accessories remain very important to our consumer, she’s extremely loyal to them and we have every reason to believe that she is going to continue to purchase them at levels equal to, if not higher than she has in the past. The reality is that we have experienced over 20% growth in the category since the second half of 2003. We expected it to slow down, we just didn’t know when it would occur. It seems to have occurred this fall and we’re looking for the category to continue to grow at about a 10% level. Naturally, it could pick up or it could slow somewhat but, our assumptions going forward are built upon 5% growth although we’re planning the category to grow about 10%. The other thing that we need to keep in mind is that overall retail spending has declined and we don’t know to what expense the drop in growth rate from 20% to between 10-15% is a factor of the sudden decline in retail spending. Anything else Randy?
Randy Konik - Bear, Stearns & Co., Inc.: I’m fine. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michelle Clark from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open you may go ahead.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Mike, do you still need about a 5% comp growth at North America retail to leverage SG&A? Or, will that decline as you roll out these new technologies? And then secondly, you gave us POS, department store POS at Dillards, can you also give it to us for both Nordstrom as well as Macys? Thank you.
Michael Tucci: This is Mike. I’ll take the questions on the comps and then Lew maybe can take the question on department store POS. I don’t think typically we’ve given that level of granularity across the board. But, in terms of the comp basis, you know, we talked to a 5-7% comp rate leading to the leverage to the retail P&L in quarters past. We still feel good about that. To answer your specific question, assumed in that guidance from quarters past was continued investment and technology and continuing ability to leverage our spend and become more efficient over time so, that had always been in our thoughts and guidance.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley:  And then, the other question on POS department stores?
Lew Frankfort: Actually, we’re looking for them.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Oh, okay. Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: We’re looking for the numbers. What we’re going to need to do is get back to you separately on the other numbers. We don’t have them available.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Then, just one last question on the traffic weakness. Are you seeing that both on your off mall stand alone stores as well as your in mall retail stores?
Lew Frankfort: In general, we are.
Michelle Clark - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erwan Rambourg of HSBC. Your line is open, you may go ahead.
Erwan Rambourg - HSBC: Hi good morning. Irwin Rabu from HSBC in London. Coming back to traffic, if the traffic levels remain slow could this theoretically effect your store network expansion plans? i.e. could you cut your plans or on the contrary accelerate openings to compensate for this weaker traffic?
Michael F. Devine: It’s highly theoretical at the moment. Clearly, if there’s a key change over a number of years, or over a much longer period things could change. But, the reality is that we’re talking about a very short term trend that we believe is going to correct itself as we move into the holiday season and we have no reason to believe otherwise. So, we’re very confident and comfortable with our roll out strategies and our trends. Our new stores as we said, are performing exceptionally well 30-40% ahead of our pro formas. 
Michael Tucci: And then, just as a reminder when I think many of you have seen our prepared materials at our more conservative pro forma levels we’re getting cash paybacks on these store openings of a year and a half so when we’re out performing by 20-40%, you can do the math these are outstanding investments we would not consider slowing. 
Erwan Rambourg - HSBC: Okay. Thanks. Just a follow up question on the comp levels of full price retail because actually the figure was close to 11% for the quarter you were mentioning weakness at the end of the quarter. Can you confirm that the comp level was still positive? Or, can you give a bit of flavor on the differences between beginning of quarter and end of quarter.
Michael Tucci: The way that we look at it within the quarter on the 11 comp primarily driven by conversion and a modest improvement in tickets, we did see a slow down in traffic at the end, at the very end of the quarter but the traffic in total was down slightly for the quarter.
Erwan Rambourg - HSBC: Okay. And then, maybe just a last quick question, it seems that the Coach consumer is much more resilient at the higher price points. Is it safe to say this and if it is the case will you accelerate focus on these higher price points?
Lew Frankfort: Let me just jump in here and first say that our factory business, contrary to our full price, traffic, that is our traffic in our factory stores continues to run extremely high year-on-year comparisons. We’re seeing no slowdown at all in her spend in the factory arena. In fact, we think the unusual warm weather, of course, has contributed to a pattern where our factory shoppers are behaving like its still summer. Visiting for weekend jaunts their regional malls and tourist areas. So, we’ve seen no slow down in spending in our factory stores, again our most valued sensitive of the channels. With regard to full price, we see that consumers are buying at all prices points. The challenge that we’re experiencing in the first part of this quarter as we said a number of times now is our traffic levels. But, once she’s in the stores she’s buying at a significantly higher level than she did last year. 
Erwan Rambourg - HSBC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. You may go ahead.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Good morning everyone. Can you talk a little bit about inventory planning given the lower comp expectations, how you’re planning inventory going forward. And also, any update on Japan both either on your own retail stores in department stores in terms of what your seeing there. Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: Let me answer the second part first which is Japan. Our October business continues strong in Japan and the trends that we were experiencing in the first quarter continue on date.
Michael Tucci: So Dana, to speak to inventory planning you know as well and have heard us talk and come to understand our supply chain and how nimble it is. So yeah, as we’ve moderated our expectations around top line growth we’ve gone in and to a small degree moderated our production plans as well. You know our operating model. Inventory is just a non issue for us here at Coach. The flexibility of the factory channel at all will allow us to keep inventories very well controlled. So, as I talked about the Q1 inventory levels were actually up much less than sales growth was up so we feel very good about inventory levels and production planning and will be nimble and react to the business as appropriate.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christine Chen of Needham & Company. You may go ahead.
Christine Chen - Needham & Company, LLC: Thank you. I wanted to follow up on the question about traffic. You spoke a little bit about the differences in geography. Has there been any difference between your fashion flagship versus core stores? And then, I have a follow up question on how jewelry has been performing.
Michael F. Devine: Actually when I had mentioned, the question earlier was on age of store and we have not seen any significant difference in age of store and when we look across attributes core, fashion, flagship the band on variation is very, very slight. There’s really not a difference.
Lew Frankfort: Ah yeah. Let me at Christine we didn’t have no evidence to believe that this was a Coach specific issue. We believe it is a function of the overall retail environment based on all the diagnostics that we’ve undertaken. 
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: And then with respect to jewelry now that it’s in all stores? I know it’s early but, how as performance been?
Michael Tucci: We’re actually very pleased with jewelry it’s going to be an important element of our gifting strategy for Q2 operating above or on plan in all the stores it has rolled out to. Percent contribution levels between 2.5-3.5% depending on the store type and the assortment and the difference there is we have the capsule group for select flagship stores of a sterling line that has been excellent that has been driving some penetration. We’re actually looking at reacting to that to be in a good inventory position for holiday and add a few stores as we have inventory and capacity available to do so. So, it looks like a nice category for us and generating a lot of interest in the stores.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: And then on the non Japan international front, maybe I missed it, could you possibly comment on how much that was up because it’s blended into the wholesale category or direct category?
Lew Frankfort: We’re just checking the numbers. As our POS, I believe our sales were up double digits. I was looking for the exact number.
Michael Tucci: And in terms of impact to our financial statements the net sales or shipments are in that 35% in direct number so we had a very good quarter with our international distribution partners as well.
Dana Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group: Okay. Great. Thank you and good luck for the holidays.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: It is now 9:32, the market is open and we’re going to conclude this conference call. As always, we’ll be available for questions throughout the day and the week. Thanks everybody for joining us and have a fabulous day.
Operator: Thank you. That will conclude your conference for today you may disconnect at this time and thank you for participating.

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-07-31 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick - IR   Lew Frankfort - Chairman, CEO   Mike Devine - CFO 
Analysts: Bob Drbul - Lehman Brothers   Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs   Jeff Edelman - UBS   Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup   Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel   Analyst for Randy Konik - Bear Stearns   Christine Chen - Needham 
Operator:  Good day, and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations for Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick : Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO.  Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties, such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. A  also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. We presently expect to update our estimates each quarter only. However, the failure to update this information should not be taken as Coach's acceptance of these estimates on a continuing basis. Coach may also choose to discontinue presenting future estimates at any time.  Now, let me outline the order of speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will begin with an overall summary of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2007 results as well as our plans for the new fiscal year. Mike Devine will then follow with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter and year, as well as our outlook for the first quarter and full year fiscal 2008. Following Mike, we will hold a question-and-answer session that will conclude by 9:30 a.m.  I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO. 
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Andrea and good morning, everyone. As we announce our fourth quarter results and the end of our fiscal year, we are very pleased with our excellent performance and are equally enthusiastic about our prospects. We're confident that FY08 will be another great year for Coach with sales planned to rise to about $3.16 billion, 21% ahead of last year.  We are seeing a continuation of about 20% growth in the premium handbag and accessory category in North America, and heightened interest in the category globally, as it takes hold in emerging markets for luxury goods, such as greater China. Given the strength of the Coach brands and the resonance of the Coach proposition internationally, we are in position to capitalize on these opportunities both at home and abroad in the years ahead.  Our performance in FY07 was highlighted by a 28% increase in revenues, a 37% increase in net income, and a 41% increase in EPS. It was a year of many accomplishments, including:  First, the opening of 48 total net new stores in North America; 41 new retail stores, and seven net new factory stores.  Second, a 16% increase in North American full price comparable store sales for the year driven primarily by increases in conversion and traffic with smaller gains in transaction size, while our U.S. factory business posted a remarkable 30% comp gain for the year. At the same time, our Internet business experienced meteoric growth with sales up 51%. We had 50 million unique visits with an average of 6 minutes spent on the site per visit.  Third, we achieved over 30% gains in U.S. department and specialty stores at POS.  Fourth, we also had an excellent year for Coach Japan. Retail sales rose 19% in constant currency and 16% in dollars to over $483 million, despite flat category sales of imported bags and accessories in Japan. Coach strengthened its number two position in this market, achieving a 10% share this year, up from 9% last year.  Finally with our distributors, we successfully opened eight net stores in Mainland China as we strengthened our international leadership team.  Our strong annual performance was capped off by an excellent fourth quarter as we announced a sales increase of 30% and a 43% increase in earnings per share for the quarter just completed. I'm pleased to report that this was the 22nd consecutive quarter that Coach achieved sales growth of at least 20%.  Some highlights of our fourth fiscal quarter were:  First, net income rose 41% to $159 million or $0.42 per share compared with $113 million or $0.29 per share in the prior year.  Second, net sales totaled $652 million versus $502 million a year ago, a gain of 30%.  Third, direct to consumer sales rose 29% to $541 million from $419 million in the prior year.  Fourth, North American same-store sales for the quarter rose 20.2% with retail stores up 11.6% and factory stores up 31.2%. In addition, sales on the Coach Internet site rose 44%.  Finally, sales in Japan rose 23% in constant currency, driven by distribution growth and high single-digit overall comps.  During the quarter, Coach opened 15 North American retail stores, including three new markets for Coach, including: Columbia, South Carolina and Buffalo, New York. In addition, we expanded six locations. Also, three new factory stores were opened. At the end of the period, there were 259 full price and 93 factory stores in operation in North America.  In Japan, we opened six new locations, including one standalone retail store, three shop-in-shops, and one factory store while a DFS location was opened at Narita Airport. At quarter end, there were 142 total locations in Japan. This was a net increase of 20 locations from the 122 at year end 2006. In addition, Coach expanded two locations during the fourth quarter, bringing the year-end total to nine expansions in Japan.  Indirect sales on a continuing basis increased 34% to $111 million from $83 million in the same period last year. POS sales at U.S. department stores sustained the torrid pace posted in recent quarters of over 30% growth, while we also realized significant gains in international POS sales.  The continued momentum of Coach in North American retail stores enabled us to achieve an excellent quarter in this channel, driven primarily by conversion with more modest gains in traffic and average transaction size. Results in our full-priced businesses, both Coach retail stores and U.S. department stores, continued to be driven by the monthly flow of distinctive and relevant new product, especially new Lifestyle collections, such as Ergo.  Our U.S. factory store business also continued to be exceptional this quarter, driven by double-digit conversion and traffic gains with a small contribution from higher transaction size. Our strength in the factory channel reflects [break in audio] centers. Most importantly, our sustained full-price and factory store sales growth reflects our ability to successfully operate two distinct store concepts attracting two distinctive consumer groups.  I also want to highlight another spectacular season and year for Coach women's footwear for both our licensed business in the U.S. wholesale channel and in the Coach stores where it is sold. First our business in department stores, where we are sold through nearly 700 locations, rose 90% at POS for the February through June season to-date period. For the full year, women's footwear in department stores also increased by about 90% to $145 million in sales. In the 55 Coach comp retail stores where footwear was sold, it represented 11% of sales last quarter, up 21% from the prior year. We also introduced a few key items to an all-store distribution with great success.  Moving on to Coach Japan, we were extremely pleased with its performance this quarter where sales rose 23% in yen and 17% in dollars. Growth in Japan was fueled primarily by distribution through both new stores and expansions, augmented by high single-digit comparable location sales as our market share continued to expand against a weak category backdrop. The acceleration in Japan was attributable in large part to the phenomenal success of Ergo, which appealed to the consumers' interest in lightweight, close to the body shapes and minimal hardware.  Finally, as always, we were pleased with a significant improvement in operating margins. While Mike Devine will get into more detail on our financials, I wanted to give you a recap of Coach's excellent performance and touch on some of the product highlights of the fourth quarter. Across all businesses, handbags and women's accessories continue to propel our sales, as the look of our product continues to evolve and reflect changing consumer preferences.  Earlier in the quarter, we saw excellent response to Ergo, our third new Lifestyle platform for the year. For May, we launched a new summer program featuring Legacy Cotton Signature, which was built on the success of last year's small capsule group. In June, Patchwork, a perennial favorite, returned across a variety of Ergo silhouettes along with new styles and fabrications in Signature Stripe. Our over $400 handbag offering continued to perform quite strongly during the fourth quarter and comped at over 75% in Coach retail stores, representing over 17% of handbag sales in the period.  Our business in July remains strong as we successfully introduced an expanded collection of Chelsea handbags, including novelty and limited edition styles. Our August floor set installed last week features Hampton’s, anchored by our best-selling carryall, updated with an outside pocket and turn lock in lightweight leathers and Signature. It also includes Legacy in new shapes and colors.  In September, we will be introducing a belted version of Ergo with hardware and a range of fabrications, including several sophisticated Patchwork styles inspired by early 20th century art. We're also excited to be launching an expanded jewelry offering with an all-store distribution in early September.  During fiscal 2008, we will be introducing three major Lifestyle platforms. The first, Bleeker, arrives in October and will offer consumers a fresh interpretation of bags and accessories inspired by our best-selling icons and anchored by our original double set first introduced in 1973. It's crafted from hand burnished leather and features our archival heritage logo, proprietary Coach hardware and a new capsule lining. Bleeker is lighter weight than our very successful Legacy line, with sharper price points at about a 25% premium to our core handbag offering.  The second platform for FY08 is the Heritage Stripe collection, an assortment of durable coated cotton canvas totes, bags, and accessories, which we expect to fully launch during early spring. Next April, we will relaunch Soho, a perennial favorite. It will return in new fabrications and silhouettes with reinterpreted proprietary detailing.  Technologically, we will also continue to innovate to improve efficiency in our stores and enhance the level of service we provide to our customers. In North America first, we just introduced store pickup giving our consumers the option to buy online and pick up their merchandise at a Coach store two hours later. This service will support last-minute purchasing and drive many additional Internet visitors into our stores.  Second, after a successful pilot in 19 stores last holiday, at the end of September, we will be rolling out E-Runner to nearly 100 stores. As you may know, this is a handheld device, which our sales associates on the floor use to capture the customers' order and transmit it electronically to the stock room, making the transaction at the cash more efficient by reducing wait time and allowing the customer to continue to browse.  Third, we will be piloting a real-time in-store inventory system in select factory stores with the intention of improving inventory accuracy and operational efficiency.  In Japan, we have just launched a non-commerce informational website, which we expect will drive Internet visitors into our stores. In addition, we completed the rollout of a POS system to Coach Japan this spring where we are now planning to introduce many of the same improvements that are part of our North American store environments.  Along with these investments in technology, we are, of course, also investing in further developing our greatest asset, which is the talented team who work in our stores. I just attended our annual North American store managers conference which took place in Boca Raton. The theme of the conference was leadership, and it focused on building the skills of our leadership team through customized training programs. As always, I was struck by the passion and commitment of the Coach retail team.  As you may know, we have low turnover for our industry and promote two-thirds of our store managers from within. I had the chance to talk with many of the attendees who were blown away by our performance, especially in single-store and secondary markets; markets like Milwaukee, Tucson, and Portland. In fact, it is these markets and success stories that make us confident in our ability to successfully double our North American retail store count to about 500 over the next several years.  Our new stores fall into three categories. First, existing markets. These are markets where we have several stores, but our current store trends show that we are still underdeveloped. Houston, Texas, a $33 million market for Coach last year, is a perfect example. Our newest stores in this market Baybrook and La Cantera, generated first year sales well ahead of pro formas and posted huge first-year comps. Our newest entrant in the market is First Colony, which just opened in March and is running at a $2.5 million annual clip, nearly 60% ahead of our expectations. It's particularly noteworthy that our Houston comp was 49% in FY '07, which represented an acceleration from the prior two years.  Developing markets is a second category for us. These are markets such as Milwaukee, Tucson, or Portland that have opened in the last few years that we had previously considered a single-store market, but early successes warranted the opening of second and third stores. Portland, Oregon is an example of a market where we have three stores today, which together generated $8.5 million in sales last year and comped at 30%. The newest, Bridgeport Village, opened in September 2005 and generated sales of $1.4 million in its first 12 months and is now comping at 37%.  Lastly, new markets. These are markets where we did not consider opening stores just a few years ago. However, given the much higher than expected new store productivity levels we're achieving and our deals with mall developers, we are opening them today with great success. They include such markets as El Paso, Texas which generated first-year sales of $3 million, well ahead of its pro forma.  Similar to the way we have looked at our store fleet with an eye toward evolving them from core to fashion to flagship, we are looking at cities and markets as potential candidates for upgrading. Clearly, our franchise is building as the consumer trades up into Coach and we also capture a larger share of our existing consumers growing accessories wardrobe. With the accessories market rapidly expanding and the Coach brand so vibrant, the potential for Coach and its current concept is far greater than we ever thought possible.  As most of you know, we have two primary sales growth drivers, each planned to achieve about 10 points of growth. First is distribution, as we expand our global network of store locations with an emphasis on North America. Second is productivity, which we drive globally through the introduction of innovative, relevant product, offering excellent value. We have been implementing five key strategies that focus on sustaining growth within our global framework. Clearly our largest opportunity continues to be in North America.  First, most generally, we're building market share in the rapidly growing North American women's accessories market by leveraging our leadership position as a top of mind and preferred brand for self-purchase and gifts. As part of this strategy, we've been emphasizing new usage occasions within our handbag offering and developing new flanker categories such as jewelry and fragrance. There is also a continuing opportunity to elevate our handbag offering, given the strength of our $400 plus segment, although we expect to see this AUR increase to be partially offset by the growth of categories, which have lower overall price points.  Our second strategy is the continued rapid growth in North American retail. We plan to add about 40 retail stores in North America in each of the next several years. Based on the continued rapid growth of the market, the performance of our new stores, and the greater numbers of new consumers we're attracting, we believe that North America in total can easily support about 500 retail stores, including up to 20 in Canada. This road map for expansion is based upon a buildup of individual malls and locations to meet our demographic requirements and economic hurdles.  During FY08, we expect to open about 40 new North American retail stores, including 15 from the first quarter. These new openings will include 11 completely new markets, such as Augusta, Georgia and Nashua, New Hampshire which opened last month. We expect to open at least six new factory locations with three opening in the current quarter. In addition, we will be expanding at least ten retail stores and several factory stores. Taken together, we would expect total square footage to grow by about 18% in FY '08, similar to last year.  Third, outside the U.S., we're continuing to increase market share with the Japanese consumer, driving growth in Japan primarily by opening new retail locations and by expanding existing ones. For FY08 we plan to open about ten to 15 net new retail locations, as well as a few factory outlets as this channel becomes more important to Japanese consumers. We will also continue to expand key locations.  Overall, we expect to increase our square footage in Japan at a slightly lower rate in FY08 than we did last year.  Also, we're continuing to target overall constant currency sales growth of 10% to15% for both the first quarter and full year in Japan driven primarily by distribution growth and low, single-digit comps.  Our fourth strategy is to raise brand awareness in emerging markets to build the foundation for substantial sales in the future. Greater China, Korea, and other such geographies are increasing in importance as the category is growing rapidly and Coach is taking hold. During the fourth quarter, 15 new Coach locations opened internationally, excluding Japan. Most of them were in Asia, including four in mainland China. In FY08, we will open through distributors, about 30 net new locations focused on greater China, Southeast Asia, and the Middle East. We also plan to open at least five more locations in major cities in Mainland China this year, bringing our total to 16.  In addition, underscoring our commitment to the region, we recently announced a new president for Greater China, Thibault Villet, who will be establishing our on the ground presence. He's responsible for the strategic leadership and operating results of Coach Greater China, including Mainland China, Hong Kong/Macau and Taiwan. Thibault will be partnering with Coach's regional distributors to develop, implement and execute the company's greater China strategy, focused on rapidly growing distribution, raising brand awareness, and building consumer loyalty.  Lastly, of course, we continued to have an overall focus on improving the rate of profitability so that our bottom line results continue to outpace top line performance.  At Coach, our formula for success has remained constant despite a changing environment. Our distinctive brand, our leadership position, our loyal consumer base, our multi-channel, international distribution and our focus on innovation and the consumer never vary and set us apart from the competition. The engine that drives these elements is our strong and seasoned management team, fueled by innovative, compelling product and supported by an adaptive, dynamic , global sourcing and supply chain. Our brand has never been stronger nor has our proposition ever been more vibrant. We are well-positioned to continue to capitalize on the abundant opportunities available to us and have the vision, strategies, and tactics in place to realize our long-term growth plans.  I will now turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further details on our financials. 
Mike Devine:  Thank you, Lew and good morning, everyone. Lew has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our fourth quarter and year end results.  As Lew mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased 30%, with sales of our direct businesses up 29% and the indirect business up 34%. For the year, total revenues rose 28% with sales generated by our direct channel rising 30% while our indirect revenues were up 20%. Net income for the quarter increased 41% to $159 million, and EPS rose 43% to $0.42 per share, as compared to $113 million or $0.29 per share in the year ago period.  Net income rose to $637 million in FY07, up 37% from the $464 million earned in the prior year. Diluted earnings per share rose 41% to $1.69 versus $1.19 a year ago. Our operating income rose 43% to $245 million in the fourth quarter versus $172 million in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 37.6% compared to 34.3% in the year ago quarter, a 330 basis point improvement. For the fiscal year, operating income rose to $993 million, a 39% increase, and operating margin for the year rose to 38% from 35.1% a year ago, up 290 basis points.  In the fourth quarter, gross profit rose 29% to $509 million from $394 million a year ago. Gross margin continued at its exceptionally high levels, finishing at 78.1% versus 78.5% in the prior year. During the year, gross profit rose 28% to $2.02 billion as compared to $1.58 billion a year ago, while gross margin was 77.4% versus 77.7% last year.  As expected, SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales were substantially below prior year levels in the fourth quarter, and represented 40.5% of sales versus 44.1% a year ago; a 360 basis point decline. For the full year, SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales declined 320 basis points, 39.4% from 42.6% last year. All selling businesses saw their year-over-year spending rates decline and we also continued to leverage top line volume across all of our centralized functions.  At year end, cash and short-term investments stood at about $1.2 billion as compared with $538 million a year ago. Inventory levels were $291 million, up about 25% above prior year levels, below our 30% sales growth as our supply chain improvements and inventory management programs allowed us to support 48 net new U.S. stores, 20 net new locations in Japan and substantially increased sales levels with moderate additional inventory investment. Accounts receivable balances rose $23 million or about 28%.  Net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter was $257 million compared to $195 million last year during Q4. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was an inflow of $214 million versus $161 million in the same period last year, mainly due to higher net income.  Our CapEx spending, primarily for new stores and renovations, was $43 million versus $34 million in the same quarter a year ago. For all of fiscal year 2007, net cash from operating activities was $779 million compared to $597 million last year. Free cash flow in fiscal year '07 was an inflow of $638 million versus $463 million in fiscal year '06, while CapEx spending totaled $141 million, again primarily for new stores and expansions, as well as investments in corporate infrastructure.  Now I'd like to provide you with some of our updated goals for fiscal 2008. We are looking for net sales growth of about 21% to at least $3.16 billion, driven by distribution growth and productivity gains. We expect to open at least 46 new stores in North America, 15 to 20 new locations in Japan, and about 30 new international locations, while we continue to expand select, highly productive locations globally. We expect to achieve at least 10% comparable store sales gains in both the North American retail and factory channels, and low single-digit comp location sales gains in Japan.  With our continued focus on profitability, pretax income dollar growth of about 26% above FY '07 levels. Two factors will somewhat moderate that growth on the EPS line in 2008. First, the higher share count, brought about by option exercises. Secondly, a higher tax rate, rising to about 39% due to the fact that incremental taxable income is being taxed at our maximum rates. This taken together would produce net income growth of about 25%, and earnings per share of at least $2.06, up over 22% from the $1.69 we just reported for FY07.  Moving to the first fiscal quarter of 2008, we are targeting net sales of about $655 million, representing a year-on-year increase of over 23%. For the quarter, we expect to open about 18 stores in North America, five in Japan, and five international wholesale locations with several expansions across these geographies, all augmented by U.S. comparable store gains of at least 10% in the retail channel and mid-teens in the factory channel with low single-digit comp location increases for Japan. We're looking for operating income to be up at least 25% year over year and earnings per share of at least $0.39 , an increase of more than 25%.  For FY08, we expect CapEx to rise to about $200 million, primarily for new stores and expansions both here and in Japan as discussed. In addition, we will be expanding our distribution center in Jacksonville by about 50% or 280,000 square feet to support Coach's projected sales growth over the next five years. While we upgraded the technology at this facility a year ago, we've now decided that a physical expansion is necessary to accommodate the faster than expected growth of our business. This will require CapEx of about $12 million to $15 million in FY08.  While these are our current goals, our actual results may vary from these targets based upon a number of factors, including those discussed under the business of Coach Inc. and risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K. Coach also does not assume any obligation to update these targets as the year progresses.  In summary, we're confident that our growth strategies will enable us to continue to gain share in the large and growing global market for fine accessories and gifts. Thank you everyone for your attention. Now Lew, Andrea and I will be happy to take some questions. 
Operator: Our first question comes from Bob Drbul - Lehman Brothers. 
 Bob Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Lew, the question that I have regarding Japan, when you look at the high single-digit comp in Japan, do you think that marks a significant improvement or change in the environment? How about maybe just Coach's success in Japan? Do you think this is an inflection point? 
Lew Frankfort:  Good question, Bob. We actually believe that it has a lot to do with the strength of the collections we introduced last spring. Ergo was a phenomenal success. It actually generated 30% of sales during its launch month, much higher than we thought. As a result, we benefited particularly and we're taking those learnings forward as we introduce new Ergo groups, both in September and next June. Overall, we believe that the improvement is really within the range of variability. So, we're still forecasting 10% to 15% overall growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs. 
 Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Congratulations on 22 excellent quarters. Could you just talk about why the factory outlet channel is performing at double the pace of the full price channel? I know you said conversion and traffic were up double digit in factory outlet, but could you give us more color as to why that is occurring? Is it marketing that you're doing? 
Lew Frankfort:  I'm with you. 
 Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: That's one question. On CapEx, even if we take out the distribution expansion, it's still up 31% year over year. Why is that? If you could elaborate.  Lastly, going forward, your points of leverage in your business model, what can we expect or how should we think about how you'll create further leverage and push your operating margins up even further above already truly excellent levels? 
Andrea Shaw Resnick :  Thanks for keeping it to one question, Margaret. 
 Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: If you want to answer one that's fine. 
Lew Frankfort:  Mike, why don't you take the CapEx and the margin expansion questions first? 
Mike Devine: Margaret, you may recall that we guided to FY07 CapEx spending earlier in the year, I think on the last call, to about $160 million and we came in at about $140 million. That's purely timing of projects and settling up of invoices, if you will. So the way I think about it, if you look across the two years and you move the $20 million of timing out of '07 and into '08 and layer on the spend at Jacksonville, you're roughly, from our '07 guidance of $160 million, you get in the neighborhood of the $200 million. So it really does not represent any significant change in strategy from our thinking for '07. We feel it's relatively consistent, it's more about timing other than the Jacksonville issue.  So in talking about operating margins, obviously we saw another great quarter of SG&A leverage where, overall, we drove total increase in our operating rate improvement by 330 driven by SG&A leverage of 360, another great year where we got the operating margin up to 38%, 290 basis points above where it was for the full year. All of this happened, we think consistent with our guidance for the year on flattish gross margin rate, down slightly from last year, largely driven by channel mix and incredible SG&A leverage.  As we said many times, we believe that there is much leverage behind that for '08 and beyond. If we can continue to grow our top line in the neighborhood of 20%, you'll see us create great leverage in our centralized functions whether it's the Jacksonville distribution center or advertising or design and finance teams, everything that we have here in New York.  If we can continue to comp at 5% to 7% in the North American retail business, that business will continue to deliver leverage, as well. We're now seeing leverage coming out of Coach Japan. So, much leverage to come and we're optimistic that we'll continue to see operating margins grow into the future. 
Lew Frankfort:  With regard to our factory store outlet performance, there's a lot I can say about the channel. I'll just provide some headlines in relationship to Coach. First for Coach, our factory store channels is equivalent to our diffusion brands. We never go on sale in our full price and our accessories concept. If someone wants to buy Coach on sale, they need to go to a factory store outlet. In fact, about 80% of sales in North America we estimate are purchased on discount. In Coach, we have an extremely loyal factory store customer who wants the Coach brand, but only wants to buy it at a discount. We do no external marketing whatsoever. It's entirely a pull strategy, which means that consumers are just are coming in increasing numbers because they're satisfied with what they realize.  What we have done, as you know, is improve the merchandise offering, and I do think that's attracting consumers, as well. So despite the higher gasoline price and concerns that some people have about consumer confidence, we're not seeing it at all in our factory store business or in our other channels. 
 Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  Is there any risk you're pulling traffic away from full price into factory outlet? 
Lew Frankfort:  We measure it consistently, and the answer is no. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Edelman - UBS. 
 Jeff Edelman - UBS: Lew, a very insightful discussion earlier. My question relates to price points in the U.S. stores. Given the 17% increase in the handbags over $400, are we seeing a shift in mix as you're pulling more customers up into the lower end price points? Just a follow-up on that: given the new product flow, what can we look at for average selling price in the first and second quarters? Thank you. 
Lew Frankfort:  Just a clarification, Jeff. Handbags over $400 actually increased 75% to 17% of handbag sales in our own stores and in department stores it increased from 2% to 9% during the same period. So what we're finding is that consumers are attracted to the bags that have greater make. At the same time having a very broad and diversified consumer base, we are mindful of maintaining sharp price points. We have also seen an increase in sales of our smallest across the body bags, as well. So we're finding that there's growth on both ends and we do have a good assortment in the middle, as well.  Our overall handbag price during the fourth quarter in Coach stores actually only increased about 4% to about $280 from slightly under $270. The average handbag price actually only went up about 4%. 
 Jeff Edelman - UBS:  And the new product mix as it relates to the first half of the year? 
Lew Frankfort: I believe the average handbag price to be up in mid to high single-digits. However, it will be offset somewhat by increased penetration of lower-priced categories such as jewelry and fragrance, which will be growing rapidly. 
Mike Devine:  Just to build off of what Lew said, we're looking for jewelry and fragrance to be about 4.5% of sales in '08 versus less than a 1.5% in '07. That's going to pull down average ticket. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup. 
 Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: I just had a quick question to follow-up on Bob's question. You had indicated that Ergo was 30% of sales in its launch month. 
Lew Frankfort:  In Japan. 
 Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup: That was in Japan? 
Lew Frankfort:  Only Japan. That was a significant driver to the incredible 23% increase in the total quarter sales. 
 Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup:  Terrific. Thanks for that clarification. Mike, could you just comment on the merchandise margin or gross margin trend within each channel? That would be helpful. Lew, if you could just give us a quick comment on your outlook for the next two quarters in your indirect sales. I know you've seen 34% and 36% growth in the last couple of quarters. It looks like in the first and second quarter you're up again 10% to 11% increases last year. Would you expect this trend rate to change? If you could just comment there, that would be great, thanks. 
Lew Frankfort:  I think I'm going to answer the second question first. I think what you're actually referring to when you say 10% to 11% is actually our shipments, not our POS sales. The way we really look at our business is our POS sales. Let me answer it from a POS sales perspective.  Our business out of the box in July in North American department stores has continued extremely strong both in our accessories world as well as footwear. We have every reason to believe we will continue in the indirect businesses in North America to experience very strong POS increases year-on-year.  At the same time, our international wholesale business, especially our locations focused on the domestic consumer, is doing extremely well. Year-on-year, we expect to see extremely strong results. Last year in the first half, I know we did some inventory balancing and our shipments did not keep pace intentionally with our POS sales. I think we're in the better inventory position. So it's likely that we will see our shipments more closely reflect our POS sales in the first half. 
Mike Devine: Kimberly, let me talk to gross margin a little bit. I can't do it though, without first starting and saying that we believe the most important operative metric, of course, is to look at consolidated operating margins and we're thrilled with the expansion we had in the quarter and the year.  But moving back to gross margin rate, for the quarter we continue to have excellent trends in our business unit, gross margins while on consolidated we were off; channel mix, the fact the factory grew more quickly than the business as a whole and CJI, our highest gross margin channel grew more slowly, hurt us almost 60 basis points. So, if you adjust out for channel mix, we actually saw organic gross margin rate improvement.  If I could just elevate the story to look at the full year, for that time period, our gross margin year over year was down about 28 basis points. If you look there, channel mix and also the currency, the FX impact, those two things were a drag of 82 basis points. So our organic margin actually was up more than 50 basis points year over year, adjusting for those two factors with virtually every channel up year over year dramatically.  In fact, ironically, the biggest improvement came from our factory store year-over-year gross margin rate improvement. We're very happy with the underlying trends in our gross margin rate and particularly seeing that it's being driven, the improvement year-over-year and factory, is also very helpful. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel. 
 Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel: Let me add my congratulations. My question relates to your mounting cash balance. Can you weigh in on what your plans are? To what point you are comfortable buying back stock? Is there any potential that you would consider an acquisition of another luxury brand with complementary categories? What are you just going to do with all this cash? 
Mike Devine: Let me first start, maybe hold the question about the acquisition for Lew at the end, but let me lead off by saying that first and foremost, our primary use of our cash is to reinvest in our core business. This is driven largely by investment in new stores and expansions globally. We're also looking at infrastructure improvements. Lew mentioned some in the prepared remarks, technology to further lower our SG&A rate, both in the in-store environments and in our centralized functions. I mentioned we're also going to invest and increase the size of Jacksonville to handle the continued accelerated growth of the business.  As you mentioned, historically we've used our cash as part of a share buyback program. In fact, last year in about a three-and-a-half month period, we spent more than $650 million on buyback. I think as most of you know, we have an authorization out there today that will allow us to go to the market and make a purchase of $500 million. The board has always supported us when appropriate to take that number higher. We've not publicly said at what point we'll get into the market, but we've been opportunistic buyers and we would look to continue to execute that strategy.  As I also look out further for other uses of the cash, I could see at some point in the not too distant future using that cash to buy out one of our international wholesale distributors, in effect looking to replicate the CJI model that we have used so effectively to drive shareholder value. Then at the end of the day, we are in a position where we're building cash and we're comfortable building that cash balance.  As Keith Monda, our Chief Operating Officer likes to talk about, to have powder dry money so we can further extend the growth of the story beyond our LRP period. Lew, do you want to talk to the acquisition? 
Lew Frankfort:  Sure. First, we're not terribly enthusiastic about an acquisition in the foreseeable future, primarily because our opportunities as a mono brand continue to be boundless. We do have an articulated road map to double our business to $5 billion over the next four or five years and we feel very confident that we can do that staying focused on the opportunities with Coach. So we're not looking at anything at the moment. We'd be very cautious in this arena. 
 Liz Dunn - Thomas Weisel:  Any chance of any dividend? 
Lew Frankfort:  There's always a chance of a dividend. We talk about it probably every three months. We come up on balance saying, not for now. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Randy Konik - Bear Stearns. 
Analyst for Randy Konik - Bear Stearns: Just a quick question regarding your product mix. With the upcoming Heritage Stripe line planned for '08, how should we think about your mix of leather versus mixed material handbags? Specifically, with this line being coated canvas, could we expect to see a cyclical return to more non-leather bags in the next year or two? Thank you. 
Lew Frankfort:  The short answer is that we're actually expecting, on the contrary, to see an increase in the role that leather plays within our handbag assortment in FY08 driven in large part by Ergo as well as Bleeker. Looking in its entirety, we think there'll be a modest increase in the role that leather plays compared to prior year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Chen – Needham. 
 Christine Chen - Needham:  Thank you. Congrats on another amazing quarter. I wanted to talk a little bit about international. You had mentioned that international wholesale was up. I was wondering if that was consistent across the different geographies or in one area versus the other? I also wanted to ask about the jewelry and the beauty business if you have any product introductions coming in, what we might see there? 
Lew Frankfort:  As Mike Devine indicated, we do expect jewelry and fragrance to account for -- 
Mike Devine:  About 4.5 points of penetration in our full price channel. 
Lew Frankfort: So less than 1%? 
Mike Devine:  Just under 1.5%. 
Lew Frankfort: 1.5% this year. So we do expect these new flanker categories to be important on the margins. 
 Christine Chen - Needham: For international across the geographies, is the performance pretty consistent or are certain areas performing better than others? 
Lew Frankfort:  Excellent question. First, what we're finding is that the locations that are focused on domestic consumers, major markets like Korea, Greater China or Taiwan are performing remarkably well as our brand takes hold with local consumers. We're experiencing great growth also in the Middle East and other Southeast Asian countries. Markets that are focused on the Japanese tourists have been suffering. Japanese tourist levels of travel did not increase in '07 compared to last year, and actually the Japanese consumers are spending less on gifting when she travels than she did prior year. So we are seeing a much greater increase in domestic locations. Our focus, of course, is in developing the indigenous populations in these developing countries. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick : At this point it's 9:35, and we're going to close the floor to questions. Please feel free to call me or Mike later on today if you have any follow-up questions to the call. Thank you for joining us. Have a terrific day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-01-23 08:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO   Mike Tucci - President of North American Retail   Mike Devine - CFO   Andrea Shaw Resnick - IR 
Analysts: Bob Drbul - Lehman Brothers   Jeff Edelman - UBS   Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs   Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup   Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse   Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities   Melissa Otto - WR Hambrecht   Antoine Belge - HSBC   John Rouleau - Wachovia Securities   Jim Hurley - Telsey Advisory Group 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin. 
 Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO; and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Mike Tucci, President of North American Retail, is also joining us.  Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current and future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations, based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate customer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors.  Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. We presently expect to update our estimates each quarter only. However, the failure to update this information should not be taken as Coach's acceptance of these estimates on a continuing basis. Coach may also choose to discontinue presenting future estimates at any time.  Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide the overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2007 results and will also discuss our strategies going forward. Mike Tucci will review the holiday season from a U.S. retail perspective and discuss key initiatives for the spring season ahead. Mike Devine will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter, as well as our outlook for the second half and full fiscal year 2007. Following that, we will hold a Q&A session that will end by 9:30 a.m.  I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Lew Frankfort:  Thanks, Andrea and welcome everyone. Once again, I'm delighted to be speaking with you today about another excellent Coach holiday performance which reflects the strength of the Coach franchise, our position as a gift authority, and the vibrancy of the U.S. handbag and accessory category. Clearly, the Coach brand has reached a new level of popularity among North American consumers, as sales accelerated and we generated the highest level of holiday comparable store sales gains in our public history. At the same time, we achieved our highest level of POS increases at U.S. department stores.  As you know, Coach just announced a sales increase of 29% and a 36% increase in earnings per share for the quarter just completed. Our results are especially impressive when you consider that Coach has achieved double-digit sales growth since 2001 in each holiday quarter for a five-year CAGR of 29%.  Some highlights of our second fiscal quarter were:  First, net income rose 31% to $227 million or $0.61 per share, compared with $174 million, or $0.45 per share in the prior year, as we recorded the highest quarterly operating margin in the company's history.  Second, net sales totaled $836 million versus $650 million a year ago, a gain of 29%.  Third, direct to consumer sales rose 34% to $675 million from $504 million in the prior year.  Fourth, U.S. same-store sales for the quarter rose 25.7% with retail stores up 20.8% and factory stores up 33.4%. It's worth mentioning that in U.S. retail stores, we have achieved a double-digit comp in the second quarter in each of the last five fiscal years. And, our retail stores, on average, are more than twice as productive as they were just five holidays ago, even in this, our most developed quarter.  I should also mention that Coach.com again generated excellent sales gains, increasing 46% during the second quarter. Finally, sales in Japan rose 17% in constant currency, driven by distribution growth and mid single-digit overall comps as we continue to grow our market share.  During the quarter, Coach opened seven North American retail stores, including one new market for Coach -- Fayetteville, Arkansas -- and our second store in Toronto. We also opened three factory stores during the second quarter. At the end of the period, there were 237 full priced and 90 factory stores in operation in North America.  In Japan, two regional department store locations were opened and one was closed, while one retail and one factory location were expanded. At quarter end, there were 131 total locations in Japan.  Indirect sales increased 10% to $161 million from $146 million in the same period last year. POS sales at U.S. department stores accelerated from first quarter '07 levels. As mentioned, Coach's U.S. department store sales growth at POS continued to be outstanding, running up nearly 35% last quarter -- or over 40% on a comp basis -- our strongest second quarter as a public company. More broadly, we estimate that the U.S. handbag and accessory category sales grew at 20% during both the fall season and for all of calendar 2006.  We were especially pleased with the continued momentum of Coach North American retail stores, which posted an exceptional performance in Q2, our strongest holiday quarter ever reported. As noted in our release, each metric of comp enjoyed healthy increases: traffic, conversion, and average transaction size. Results in our full-priced businesses, both Coach retail stores and U.S. department stores, continue to be driven by the monthly flow of fresh and relevant product, especially new lifestyle collections such as Legacy.  It's also worth mentioning that our U.S. factory store business remained exceptional this quarter, reflecting the vitality of the Coach brand, the appeal of our product, our excellent value, and the strength of premium factory centers.  We were also very pleased with the performance at Coach Japan this quarter, where sales rose 17% in yen and 18% in dollars. Growth in Japan was fueled primarily by distribution through both new stores and expansions, augmented by mid single-digit comparable location sales, as our market share continued to expand against a weakening category backdrop.  Finally, as always, we were pleased with the significant improvement in operating margins. While Mike Devine will get into more detail on our financials, I wanted to give you this recap of Coach's excellent second quarter performance. As you know, I've also asked Mike Tucci to join us today to discuss our North American retail holiday sales performance and our spring initiatives. 
Mike Tucci:  Thanks, Lew. As mentioned in our release, our holiday offerings were remarkably well-received across categories, collections and price points. Overall, sales were driven by handbags and women's accessories, while items such as pet accessories and our $98 multifunction wallet were great giftables at sharp prices.  The real story around holiday was the introduction of Legacy, a new collection that was inspired by our heritage with many iconic elements. As some of you know, we created 15 Legacy shop-in-shops in our flagship locations and for the first time ever, dedicated an entire catalog to this collection. We also significantly increased our investment in the collection in the wake of the exceptional pilot results we achieved last spring. Legacy was a standout, representing about 18% of sales for the quarter, and at price points about 45% above our core offering, elevated our overall mix.  Separately, our key item investment strategy was successful, as our ten key item concepts achieved our objective of representing about 50% of sales. Additionally, introductions including Gallery Totes, Holiday Patchwork, Duffels and Satchels also posted strong results, and our December resort package of Legacy, in signature khaki trim with gold and a denim and white version, sold through quickly.  We were also very pleased with our pilot of jewelry this holiday, underscoring the potential of this flanker category. This capsule group, primarily consisting of bangle bracelets, was introduced in November in a cross-section of about 60 stores and on Coach.com. The group performed exceptionally well and sales were significantly ahead of plan. We will take the key learnings from the jewelry pilot as we expand the assortment and distribution in advance of Mother's Day and prepare for a global launch next fall.  Overall for the quarter, we were delighted with the breadth of our appeal. Not only at our mid-range price points, but also the success of our entry level handbag offerings, such as the Soho Signature small hobo at $178 and the Soho Signature small flap at $218; and the higher-priced pieces such as the Ali shoulder flap at $498 and the Legacy leather satchel at $698. These styles blew out and reflect the continuing opportunity to more effectively target the top tier of our customer base and to selectively trade up our average retail in handbags, while still attracting the younger and aspirational consumer.  It's worth mentioning that handbags over $400 represented about 7.5% of U.S. retail store sales, the highest level of penetration ever.  Before moving on to Spring, I'd like to touch on some of the key points from our Coach service initiative during holiday. As you know, we launched our coaching initiative at the start of FY07. This new program, which introduces and refreshes selling and service skills in an ongoing way to our sales associates, allows us to continually reinforce the service-focused, consumer-centric store environment.  Our store managers own the implementation of weekly modules, such as engaging multiple customers, adding on, and closing the sale. Season-specific coaching modules for the holiday quarter were also created, which focused on delivering our Coach service commitments during peak traffic periods. We believe our program is providing meaningful service improvements to our customers, and we are committed to this initiative as a long-term strategy.  In order to get product to our customers quickly and efficiently as possible, we made process improvements to our order taking and product running systems. Additionally, an electronic version of our product running process piloted in 19 stores yielded additional efficiencies around transaction throughput and labor scheduling. We are reviewing these learnings and creating a plan to roll out this process to more stores prior to next holiday.  Turning to Spring, we're excited about our transitional and seasonal offerings, which are already off to a great start driven by the enthusiastic response to our new product. These introductions include the new Carly handbag group within the Legacy collection, offered in leather, suede and Signature across multiple sizes, with iconic elements such as harness detailing and turn locks. In addition, we updated our Hamptons collection with a fresh color pallet and silhouettes and introduced new spring accessories.  For February, we will introduce an evolved Soho collection, featuring Satchels and a new group of Signature striped handbags and accessories. For March, we will launch our own fragrance to all U.S. full-priced stores and Coach.com, as well as the new Hamptons Weekend collection, which will include a distinctive patchwork design and a new stripe group.  For April, we introduce our third new lifestyle platform of the fiscal year, Ergo, with soft styles and a sophisticated appeal. The new collection will include a broad assortment of handbags and accessories and based on our successful pilot, we expect Ergo to be a strong business driver.  In summary, we are excited about our spring opportunities, both in product flow and our continued focus on Coach service. With that, I'll turn the discussion back to Lew to continue with our overarching strategies. 
Lew Frankfort:  Thanks, Mike. Naturally, we're thrilled with our results and what they bode for the future. As outlined in our release, our opportunities notably in our home market are boundless. We expect double-digit category growth in handbags and accessories to continue unabated in North America as the following drivers are still intact:  First, consumers are purchasing more handbags as they increasingly use accessories to play a leading role in updating their wardrobes. This is a secular shift which has evolved over many years.  Second, concrete evidence of this shift is the surge in traffic we are experiencing in Coach retail stores, coming from an acceleration of new consumers, many of whom are trading up to Coach; as well as the surprisingly strong sales we are seeing in new stores in secondary markets such as Naples, Florida, and Milwaukee, Wisconsin.  Third, we are also seeing pent-up demand from the moderate customer who has traditionally followed the lead of the upscale consumer. This is clearly illustrated by the strength of the category in department stores where both units and average prices are rising.  Fourth, commensurate with this increased demand, handbag and accessory shelf space is growing in department stores, as they devote more square footage to this category.  Finally, new accessory brands are entering the market, while apparel brands and other retailers with their own stores are also entering the category, driving consumer interest through increased visibility, including advertising.  Our analysis also shows that about one-third or more of new consumers are actually trading up to Coach from brands such as Fossil, Liz Claiborne, Kenneth Cole and the like, further reflecting the enhanced role accessories are enjoying within a wardrobe. This leads us to believe that we have been significantly understating our addressable market, which we now estimate to be over $7 billion, giving us even more room to grow.  Thus, with the market growth rapidly expanding and the Coach brand so vibrant, underscored by the acceleration in our business after literally many years of excellent growth, the potential for Coach in its current concept is clearly greater than we ever thought possible.  As most of you know, we have been implementing five key strategies that focus on sustaining growth within our global framework. Clearly, our first priority and still our largest opportunity is North America.  First, most generally, we're building market share in this rapidly-growing North American women's accessories market by leveraging our unique position as an accessible luxury lifestyle brand. As part of this strategy, we have been emphasizing new usage occasions, such as weekend, through such collections as Signature Stripe introduced in the first quarter of this year; and more sophisticated product, such as Legacy, to heighten our cachet, especially with our top tier customers.  As many of you know, Signature Stripe and Legacy are two of three lifestyle platforms for this year with Ergo coming in April, as Mike just mentioned. In addition, two complementary categories, such as jewelry and fragrance, both fiscal '07 introductions, represent additional opportunities for the brand longer term.  Our second strategy is the continued rapid growth in North American retail. We now plan to add about 40 U.S. retail stores in each of the next three years, bringing the retail store base to over 350 at that time. As announced today, during this fiscal year we intend to open about 40 new retail stores, including an incremental ten stores above our previous guidance, given the multi-store portfolio deals we have recently signed with a number of mall developers.  It's important to note that these additional stores will open very late in the fiscal year and are not expected to meaningfully impact this year's results. These will include 11 new full-priced markets for Coach, six of which we mentioned already opened during the first half and five coming in the balance of the fiscal year. In aggregate, these 40 new stores will add over 100,000 square feet to our retail store base during the fiscal year.  In keeping with our strategy to expand our most productive locations, we will also be expanding seven retail stores this year. These expansions will add a total of about 6,000 additional square feet to our total retail space. In addition, we are also planning on opening three more factory stores in FY '07 and expanding five more outlets, given the success we have experienced through our previous outlet store expansions. Thus, in total factory store development in FY '07 will add about 40,000 net square feet to our store base. Thus, in total the square footage of our North American Coach stores will in aggregate grow about 18% in FY '07.  Third, outside the U.S., we're continuing to grow market share with the Japanese consumer, driving growth in Japan primarily by opening new retail locations and by expanding existing ones. During this fiscal year, we expect to open between 15 and 20 net new locations in Japan, a net increase of at least 25,000 square feet, or about 13% to the store base. Similar to the U.S., we also plan to expand at least ten of our most productive retail and factory locations in FY '07, adding nearly 6,000 square feet or about 3% to our retail base.  Given the current weakening market for luxury accessories, we're planning Japan more conservatively for the balance of the fiscal year and are now targeting constant currency sales to increase between 10% to 15% from the prior year, driven primarily by distribution growth and low single-digit comps.  Our fourth strategy is to raise brand awareness in emerging markets to build a foundation for meaningful sales in the future. Specifically, Greater China, Korea and other emerging geographies where the category is rapidly growing and Coach is taking hold or increasing in importance. During the second quarter, three new Coach locations opened in Mainland China, including our second locations in Beijing and Shanghai and our first in Shia. It remains our intention to open at least ten more locations in major cities on the Chinese mainland during the next two years, bringing our total to at least 15 locations. In addition, three Coach locations were opened in the Middle East during the quarter.  Lastly, of course, we continue to have an overall focus on improving the rate of profitability so that our bottom line results continue to outpace top line performance. In closing, these strategies and actions are designed to enable us to achieve excellent financial results through our planning horizon. I will now turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further detail on our financials. 
 Mike Devine:  Thank you, Lew. Lew and Mike have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our second quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased 29%, with direct to consumer, which represents over three-quarters of our business, up 34% and indirect up 10%. While our POS sales in U.S. department stores accelerated over the period and shipments to these customers increased significantly, as planned we constrained our international wholesale shipments due to slowing Japanese travel trends in our markets and to maintain healthy wholesale inventory levels, as the company continues to limit its exposure to tourist sales. At POS, international wholesale sales rose at a double-digit pace, led by domestically oriented doors.  Net income for the quarter increased 31% to $227 million or $0.61 per share, as compared to $174 million or $0.45 per share in the year-ago period. This was ahead of the analyst consensus estimate of $0.58 for the quarter. Our operating income rose 32% to $362 million in the second quarter versus $274 million in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 43.3%, the highest in the company's history, compared to 42.1% in the year-ago quarter, a 120-basis point improvement.  In the second quarter, gross profit rose 28% to $644 million, up from $505 million a year ago, while our gross margin rate remained exceptionally high at 77.1% versus 77.6%. Year-to-date, gross margin rate is essentially flat with prior year.  SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales were well below prior year levels in the quarter and represented 33.8% of sales versus 35.5% last year. Naturally, the leverage we achieved in our U.S. stores was significant, given the level of comp reported for both channels, while we also saw excellent leverage on what we refer to as our semi-fixed corporate functions.  Inventory levels at quarter end were $250 million, about 22% above prior year levels, and well below our sales increase, as the investment in key holiday initiatives, notably Legacy, paid off as Mike previously mentioned. Further, this inventory increase allowed us to support 40 net new U.S. stores, 18 net new locations in Japan, and substantially increase sales levels.  Accounts receivable balances rose negligibly versus last year. Cash and short-term investments stood at $820 million, as compared with $746 million a year ago. Net cash from operating activities in the second quarter was $345 million compared to $249 million last year during Q2. Free cash flow in the second quarter was an inflow of $307 million versus $220 million in the same period last year, mainly due to higher net income. CapEx spending, primarily for new stores and renovations, was $38 million versus $29 million in the same quarter a year ago.  Now I'd like to provide you with some of our updated goals for fiscal 2007. For the second half of '07, we are targeting net sales of at least $1.24 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of about 23%, with U.S. comparable store sales gains of at least 10% in the retail channel and mid-teens in the factory channel; and also a low single-digit total comp gain at Coach Japan. Operating income, up about 30%, reflecting about a 200-basis point improvement in second half operating margin year over year. And earnings per share of about $0.77, an increase of more than 30% and $0.02 above the analyst consensus estimate.  Our current goals for the full fiscal year are: net sales growth of nearly 25% to about $2.63 billion. We're targeting an operating margin increase of about 200 basis points to over 38%, which assumes a gross margin at about last year's extraordinary levels over the balance of FY '07 and further SG&A leverage. Operating income dollar growth of about 32% above FY '06. Interest income of about $40 million will add to pretax income, while net income will be somewhat offset by a higher tax rate at about 38.5% for the year due to the fact that incremental taxable income is being taxed at higher rates.  Including these factors, we expect to generate EPS growth of 34%, which will produce earnings per share of about $1.71 compared with the analyst consensus estimate of $1.67 per share. For FY '07 we now expect CapEx to be about $160 million, primarily for new stores and expansions, both here and in Japan. As Lew noted, we'll be opening about 45 net new U.S. retail and factory stores and continuing our North American expansion programs. In Japan, we will be opening about 15 to 20 net new locations.  While these are our current goals, our actual results may vary from these targets based upon a number of factors, including those discussed under The Business of Coach Inc. and risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K. Coach also does not assume any obligation to update these targets as the year progresses.  In summary, we're confident that our growth strategies will enable us to continue to gain share in the large and growing global market for fine accessories and gifts. Thank you all for calling in this morning. Now Lew, Mike, Andrea, and I will be happy to take some questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Bob Drbul - Lehman Brothers. 
 Bob Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Two questions. The first one is can you elaborate a little bit more on the gross margin surprises that you had in the quarter, and some of the factors? Japan or currency or the Legacy contribution?  The second question I have is, overall can you just elaborate a little bit on the Japanese market, Lew, in terms of what you're seeing and do you still believe that your long-term sales and market share targets are still attainable, given the tougher market over in Japan? 
Lew Frankfort:  Sure. Let me take the second question first. Japan is a vital market, but what's clear is that it's increasingly mature as consumers are spending money elsewhere. What we saw in the overall market was a contraction of about 5% in the holiday period for imported brands. Now, we were up 17% or 18% during that period. But nevertheless, the market is contracting and the competition is obviously intense.  We feel very strongly that our proposition is appropriate and strong for Japan and we continue to envision double-digit growth in Japan, but at a slower rate than we've experienced in the past. We're looking to achieve about 10% to 15% growth during the second half of this year. In terms of our market share, we think 15% target is very realistic over the next few years.  At the same time, as we mentioned, North America's accelerating, so we're thrilled to have our lead market afford us so many additional opportunities beyond what we ever contemplated.  With regard to gross margin, we didn't really have any surprises. We were very pleased with our gross margin. We said that it would be approximately equal to last year, and the 50 basis points difference, in our minds, is roughly equal. Mike, you may want to just elaborate on why. 
 Mike Devine: Sure, Lew. What I would first start out by saying is, Bob, we really feel like where the investment community should focus their attention and their effort is on the operating margin line, and we couldn't be more pleased with the fact that we've recorded the highest operating margin in the company's history this quarter.  With that being said, if we were to build a bridge for the 50-basis point difference at these exceptional levels between this year and last, about one-third of it is coming from channel mix with the factory channel -- which by the way, their organic gross margin rate is up nicely from last year, but still below the weighted average total for the company -- but about one-third of it coming from channel mix driven by factory success, where it was well ahead of last year and our own expectations.  The remaining two-thirds of the 50 bips is coming out of the currency line, our FX, we actually had some help in last year's second quarter from the yen that we did not anniversary in this year's second quarter. So those are the two primary factors of why we're different from LY. 
 Bob Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Edelman - UBS. 
 Jeff Edelman - UBS: Lew, what are you learning about the new markets that you're entering? They're smaller, obviously, less traffic in the malls. Can you give a sense of volume you're running there and the impact on profitability, please? 
Lew Frankfort:  Sure. What we're finding first is that our new stores are running well ahead of our expectations, and we're very pleased with the reception that we're getting from customers when we open in those malls, both customers who are long-term fans of Coach as well as first-time buyers. Their reaction is thank you for opening in our malls, and what we're finding in general is that the rate of new customers is increasing. This year we estimate that the rate of new customers into our franchise represent about 20% of our customers compared with about 15% last year. It's a very healthy level of increase.  When we dissect on who are the new customers, we're finding that about one-third are consumers who are accustomed to spending at our average handbag price points; one-third are consumers trading down; and very pleasingly, one-third are consumers trading up from the moderate segment. So our stores are exceeding our expectations, and it just tells us that there are many, many more stores across America that we can very successfully open than we've contemplated. 
 Jeff Edelman - UBS: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs. 
 Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  Hi, Lew. Congratulations on another good quarter. 
Lew Frankfort:  Thank you. 
 Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  Can you talk or elaborate on what you just said, that you think you could have many more stores than you might have originally contemplated? I know you were targeting 400 stores and with 40 opening up per year, you're going to move pretty quickly towards that number. So if you can expand on that thought and also elaborate on what you're thinking about layering on additional growth strategies for Coach? Would that be possibly entering Europe? If so, what might the timing look like, or making acquisitions, et cetera. So if you could talk about the long-term growth strategy.  Secondly, I'd like to ask about the development of the higher price point business where Mike Tucci said you're now at 7% of your mix at $400 or higher. What's the plan there to introduce more $400-plus price point bags and how do you see that evolving in terms of penetration? Thanks. 
Lew Frankfort: I think there are a lot of parts to your question. Let me take several of them and then ask Mike Tucci to talk about the retail store opportunity and the opportunity on the higher end.  First, for context, the category in North America, it grew by 20% this year. This is the fourth consecutive year of double-digit growth. Even though we grew by over 30%, our market share grew extremely modestly. We have only about 20% market share in the United States and as I indicated earlier, our average store is twice as productive as it was five years ago.  When we first went public, I believe we had contemplated a total of 250 stores in our universe. Today, as you mentioned, we're projecting 400. We do think the opportunities are obviously greater than that, but we're not going to be commenting on that until we complete our annual operating plan for next year when we take our yearly look at the market and we know that it's obviously much more than 400 locations. We continue to believe that North America represents boundless opportunities and we do anticipate double-digit growth continuing. We're also thrilled with our U.S. department store business here, which grew, as I commented, by another 35% this fall.  Now, in terms of new markets beyond Japan, which continues to be a growth market for us, we see Greater China as the number one largest opportunity during our post LRP period. We are, as I indicated, rapidly developing a footprint in China in order to build awareness and be well-positioned for when that tipping point occurs when the middle class is in large enough numbers so that they will buy premium accessories at very good levels. We believe that's just one or two or perhaps three years away.  Beyond that, we are looking at other regional markets and our business has grown very rapidly in Korea and Taiwan, to name two markets. We are not contemplating expanding into Europe now because that market continues to be extremely mature, very competitive, and the opportunities that exist for us in the remaining 75% of the world are boundless.  Mike, would you like to wrap up for me? 
Mike Tucci: Sure. On store growth, just quickly, it's important to note that we've spent several years building our team and our infrastructure from a systems standpoint and store construction and planning standpoint to manage to a 40-store opening cadence per year. It's a very measured and thoughtful decision, some of which was brought about by the extraordinary results of the stores that we've been opening over the last 12 months, and also a very significant window of opportunity brought about by very careful negotiations with our five key developers, Simmons, General Growth, Matridge, Talisman and Wetfield, all of whom we have developed some strong relationships with and were able to look at their portfolio in total.  So that, we feel, is the best approach that we can take today, is to go at an accelerated rate; and that would imply that the addressable opportunity could be larger in terms of store count, we'll do that work.  In terms of development of bags over $400, Legacy, of course, was the catalyst in driving that 7.5% penetration level. Maybe another way of looking at it is that bags over $400 ran at a 40% comp clip in Q2. That's a very, very important number and we break our business into price bands and say where is the opportunity? We've been talking about an opportunity to protect our opening entry price points in the franchise, in key handbag category and small accessories, and to take advantage of a growing market opportunity in bags at the higher tier of our price range north of $400. We will continue to focus on that. We're obviously well-positioned for the back half of the year, and we are also very, very intently working on what our merchandise investments will look like for Q1 and Q2 of next year. That price band will play an important role. 
 Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  Is Ergo a $400 level program? 
Mike Tucci:  It's very interesting. Ergo is actually more of a mid-range. It's right in the sweet spot. There are some bags in the Ergo collection that'll be in the $400 range, but it's really more typical of what we would see in what we call our core offering in Soho and Hamptons and other core handbag resources. 
 Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Thank you. 
Mike Tucci: Retail in Ergo is closer to the $300 price point than the $400 price point. 
 Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Thanks so much, Mike and Lew, and good luck in the upcoming second half. 
Lew Frankfort:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup:  I have a question about your indirect sales. This is the second quarter in a row where we've seen indirect sales growth in the sort of 10% to 12% range, and obviously U.S. department stores are seeing very robust sales. It would seem that implies some deceleration, if you will, in international wholesale. I was wondering if you are expecting that to continue for the next two quarters and then to stabilize, or do you see a sort of second leg of deceleration as we move into fiscal '08? Thanks. 
Lew Frankfort:  That's a good question, Kimberly. One of the things we did this holiday season was monitor our shipments very carefully so that we would not be in a position where our distributors had excess inventory. We could have obviously shipped considerably more than we did. The reality is that our number one travel market has been Hawaii, and travel inbound to Hawaii is down 8% year-on-year, and that has significantly impacted our business in Hawaii.  We expect that level to stabilize and for the tourist part of our international wholesale business to level off as we put more effort to grow our domestic international wholesale business. So over the next quarter or two, we very well might see lighter shipments than we had contemplated a while ago when travel was stronger. But we expect that in FY '08 for that to bounceback once we anniversary the downward travel levels. 
Kimberly Greenberger - Citigroup:  Terrific. That's helpful. Thanks, Lew. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse. 
 Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse:  Thanks, guys. Can you just remind us of what sort of money you're spending in some of these newer international markets, just as far as what are the capital investments required? Second, doesn't sound like you leveraged SG&A on the Japan business. How much of a drag on SG&A was Japan? Thanks. 
 Mike Devine: First in terms of the international doors that are being opened, Paul, Coach's capital contribution is modest. We actually categorized the new locations in our mind into a couple of categories and only those that we would consider to be what we call strategic will we participate in the capital with our distributor partner, and typically it's at levels of 50% or below. So the weighted average across all of our international store openings is probably somewhere in the 25% to 30% range of the construction costs and the opening costs.  Actually, Paul, it's very interesting in this quarter, SG&A leverage at Coach Japan did contribute to Coach's quarterly SG&A leverage in a very modest way, as their SG&A growth was slower than the Company's total growth as a whole and they were very close to breaking even on their own P&L on SG&A. We should expect to see that over the next quarter or two, as Lew had talked about as we plan the growth trajectory down modestly in Japan. So there actually was a bit of an inflection point for Coach Japan this quarter. 
 Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse:  And you expect that to continue, to still leverage modestly? 
 Mike Devine:  We would expect to see that as we plan the back half of the year. For FY '08, as we go through our detailed planning process, we will make that call and we will talk to The Street about it. It's too early to call for '08 at this point. 
 Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse:  Okay, great. Thanks. Good luck. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities. 
 Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities:  Congratulations on another fabulous quarter. 
Lew Frankfort:  Thank you, Christine. 
 Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities: Wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the jewelry business, how many doors will it be in going forward? I know that you tested it in the 60. Then if you could just give the actual metrics for conversion traffic and average transaction size. 
Mike Tucci: You got a lot of good information coming your way. I'll do the jewelry piece first. I think the way that we should think about jewelry is that we saw an immediate very strong reaction from a consumer standpoint to jewelry when we put it out in Q2. It was in 60 stores, and we learned a lot from that pilot. We're chasing it, to be very frank, to be able to just maintain sales at the demand that's coming in, in the 60 stores that we have, and we'll continue to focus on jewelry for the back half of the year in maintaining inventory levels and sales levels in those stores.  It is absolutely a category that has great gift appeal and gives our stores an opportunity to build on our core franchise of handbags and small leather goods. We will roll it out to all stores for fall. We've seen our fall jewelry presentation in our recent line reviews. We think it's spectacular. We think it will be a more broad assortment. We're working on positioning in stores. We're working on fixturing in stores. We're working on product knowledge and selling attributes in stores, and I think the next six months is an opportunity for us to go to school on that business and come out in a very bold way and also introduce the category on a global level.  In terms of traffic conversion and ADT metrics, we saw it coming. I have to say that when we had a strong traffic spike in Q1, that was a very strong indicator that we had an opportunity around traffic in Q2. Traffic and conversion were both up between mid and high single-digits, and we really focused on managing the conversion of that traffic.  As an example, in our ten peak days this year during the holiday quarter, we were able to increase the number of transactions in an average comp store by 14%. That's big news when you think about throughput and the level of traffic that hits us in our ten most heavily trafficked days in the quarter. So we managed it well with great investments and great operating skill. And then on the ADT side, that was the bump that took us up slightly in comp and that was driven by Legacy. 
 Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities: The margins for jewelry, are those comparable to handbags? 
Mike Tucci:  Absolutely. 
 Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities:  Thank you. Good luck. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Melissa Otto - WR Hambrecht. 
 Melissa Otto - WR Hambrecht: Congratulations on a great quarter. Just a couple of questions around the China business. What is the company doing about copies that seem to be pretty ubiquitous in that market? 
Lew Frankfort:  Well first, we have a multi-pronged approach towards protecting our trademark, and to hit it with a few points. First, we have registered our trademarks in China, and we have worked very closely with the Chinese government and both the national government as well as provincial government and the customs departments to be respectful of the Coach trademarks; and they have been taking very significant actions to both shut down factories and prevent counterfeits from leaving the market.  We've had an anti-counterfeiting program in place in China for five years, and it's been very successful. We do recognize that some level of counterfeiting will occur, and we try to bring it to as low a level as possible. 
 Melissa Otto - WR Hambrecht: Just a quick follow-up question, could you give some color around the size of the fragrance rollout, maybe some numbers around it, what you're expecting for that. 
Lew Frankfort: We're launching fragrance in our North American retail stores and on the Internet in its first phase, and we're looking for success to be somewhere between 2% and 3% of sales once fragrance is launched. 
 Melissa Otto - WR Hambrecht:  Great. Thank you very much. 
Lew Frankfort:  You're welcome. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Antoine Belge - HSBC. 
 Antoine Belge - HSBC: The first question relates to the environmental factory, no slowdown there. Can you perhaps elaborate on the most recent trends during the quarter? And also follow up on Legacy. It seems that you've been opening shop-in-shops. Is it true for stand-alone stores for the Legacy, which would then become a sort of sub-brand of Coach? 
Lew Frankfort: With regard to the second question, I'm not sure I fully understand. Let me try to paraphrase. Your question has to do with Legacy and its future role in Coach? 
 Antoine Belge - HSBC:  Yes exactly, and especially since you've said you've opened shop-in-shops already for Legacy within your own store. Do you think it's possible to see perhaps a stand-alone store for the Legacy products separate your current Coach store network? 
Lew Frankfort: It's an excellent question, and we're not prepared to announce anything today, but we would say stay tuned and you might very well see us moving in that direction. But, again, we're not ready to announce anything today. In terms of our factories, the question, Andrea? 
 Andrea Shaw Resnick: Factory stores. 
Lew Frankfort:  Does your first question have to do with the strength of factory stores? 
 Antoine Belge - HSBC:  Yes, exactly, and any slowdown in factory? 
Lew Frankfort:  Let me just mention if I could Antoine, the first thing to realize for us at Coach, we do not go on sale in our full-priced stores. We offer an excellent value 365 days a year and our consumers understand that. At the same time, goods purchased in America on sale or in discount sectors are a significant majority of all sales made in the United States are in the discount sector and people are accustomed to looking for special pricing.  In many ways, our factory stores serve as our diffusion channel because instead of having a separate brand, we have distinctive product where customers have to go if they want to purchase Coach at a discount and we have a very loyal factory store consumer who primarily shops in factory stores.  The growth in factory store traffic overall was very strong in the holiday quarter. It was up almost mid single-digits. Our traffic was up considerably more than that, and the momentum that we experienced during the second quarter, that is the strength of the business in the second quarter, has continued into the third quarter. We see no slowdown. 
 Antoine Belge - HSBC:  Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Rouleau - Wachovia Securities. 
 John Rouleau - Wachovia Securities: Hi, Lew. Just as a follow-up on the Legacy business, will you continue with a similar type of Legacy offering in the back half of the year, or does that change much? 
Mike Tucci: Legacy will be a very important piece of our business in the back half. An example is Carly, which is a new introduction in our January offering on 12-26. We will have SKU and color adds to Legacy throughout the back half as well, absolutely. You'll see it in store throughout the rest of the year. 
 John Rouleau - Wachovia Securities: So if it was 18% of the mix, which I think probably was a bit stronger than you had maybe initially thought, but should we look at that as a benchmark going forward, or how should we think about that? 
Mike Tucci:  I think that the penetration is one that will ebb and flow based on platform introductions, strength of the overall lifestyle offering within Legacy. As an example, when we feature Ergo later this spring, Ergo will show some penetration erosion into Legacy. But I think we're very much feeling like Legacy becomes a platform for us that maintains a year-round presence in the stores. We will build on the Legacy point of view in stores as we go into fall next year with a new extension of Legacy, and it may very well exceed the penetrations that we saw this year. 
 John Rouleau - Wachovia Securities: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Hurley - Telsey Advisory Group. 
 Jim Hurley - Telsey Advisory Group:  Thank you, good morning and congratulations as well. My question is about the Internet, exceptionally strong growth there relative to pretty much every competitor and even total online sales growth. Did you do anything different this year than you had in the past as it relates to driving online sales? 
Mike Tucci: Our internet business was very, very strong and I think what we're pleased with there is that number 1, it's a tremendous communication vehicle for the brand. We get as many visitors on our internet site as we do in all of our stores in North America. So if you think about the opportunity to engage a consumer on Coach.com, it's as important to us as every customer who walks into one of our stores throughout the year.  We did change our strategy or shifted our emphasis in Q2. Number 1, we had a very strong gift and merchandise focus on the site around ease of shopping, strong item messaging, and a very, very strong point of view around key collections such as Legacy and other handbag drivers. E-mail was a very strategic approach, which was segmented and much more focused on specific messaging to consumer types, so our campaigns were very segmented and pointed.  Lastly, we made a decision to move away from what we would call Internet advertising. Some might call it banner advertising on the internet, which has a tendency to drive traffic to the site, but is not necessarily driving qualified traffic to the site. The result of that was that the organic traffic that came in was converted at significantly higher rates, particularly in December versus a year ago. That's what drove almost a 50% increase in our sales online. 
 Jim Hurley - Telsey Advisory Group:  That's great. Any noticeable trends in terms of average transaction size online versus in the stores or are they pretty similar? 
Mike Tucci:  Very consistent. It mirrors, we merchandise our internet site as a flagship store, and it mirrors the same kind of behavior that you would see in a flagship store in Coach. 
 Jim Hurley - Telsey Advisory Group:  Great. Thanks and congrats again. 
 Andrea Shaw Resnick: At this time, it's 9:32, after our stated close time. Of course, we'll all be available for questions later today if you need us. Have a wonderful day. 
Operator:  Thank you. That concludes today's conference call. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2007 Q1  (2006-10-24 10:15:00) =====
Executives: Lew Frankfort - Chairman and CEO Mike Devine - CFO.  Mike Tucci - President of North American Retail Andrea Shaw Resnick - IR
Analysts: Bob Drbul – Lehman Brothers Jeff Evelyn – UBS Paul Ojay – Credit Suisse David Shik – Stifel Nicholas Jim Hurley - Chelsea Advisory Group Julie Shaw - Merrill Lynch Margaret Major - Goldman Sachs John Ruloux - Wachovia  Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities Irwin Roberts – HSBC Brad Stevens - Morgan Keegan
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick. You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO; and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO. Mike Tucci, President of North American Retail, is also joining us. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for all our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties, such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences or control costs. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. We presently expect to update our estimates each quarter only. However, the failure to update this information should not be taken as Coach's acceptance of these estimates on a continuing basis. Coach may also choose to discontinue presenting future estimates at any time. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will begin with an overall summary of our first fiscal quarter 2007 results and will also discuss our strategies going forward. Mike Tucci will review our key initiatives through the holiday season. Mike Devine will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter, as well as our outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2007. Following that, we'll hold the Q&A session that will end by 9:30 a.m. I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks Andrea, and welcome everyone. As you know, we once again announced excellent top line growth and even stronger bottom line results of 23% and 40% respectively for the quarter just completed. Our results are especially impressive as they represent an acceleration in our performance, notably in our US full-price businesses. Clearly, there were two drivers of Coach's growth. First, the continued entry of new consumers to the franchise, many of whom are trading up to the Coach brand. And second, existing consumers with whom Coach is gaining a greater share of their growing accessory wardrobe. Both consumer groups are responding enthusiastically to the higher levels of what we call distinctive newness in FY '07 as two of three major lifestyle platforms planned for the year have been introduced other the last four months. Some highlights of our first fiscal quarter were: first, earnings per share rose 40% to $0.34 compared with $0.24 per share in the prior year as net income rose 34% to $126 million.  Second, net sales totaled $554 million versus $449 million a year ago, a gain of 23%.  Third, direct to consumer sales rose 29% to $404 million from $315 million in the prior year. Fourth, US same-store sales for the quarter rose 21.4% with retail stores up 16% and factory stores up 27.1%. It's worth mentioning that in US retail, we have achieved a double-digit comp in the first quarter in each of the last five fiscal years.  Finally, sales in Japan rose 21% in constant currency driven by new stores, mid-single digit retail comps and expansions as we continue to rapidly grow our market share. During the quarter, we opened 12 US retail stores, including five new markets for Coach: Evansville, Indiana; El Paso, Texas; Greenville, South Carolina; South Bend, Indiana; and Mohegan Sun in Connecticut, as well as one net factory store. Thus far, the performance of these full-price, new stores are averaging $2.5 million on an annualized basis well ahead of our plan. At quarter end, there were 230 full-price and 87 factory stores in operations. In Japan, eight locations were added while two were expanded. At quarter end, there were 130 total locations in Japan with 21 full-price stores, including eight flagships, 94 shop-and-shops, 11 factory stores and four wholesale locations. Indirect sales increased 11% to $150 million from $134 million in the same period last year. Results were driven by strong POS gains in U.S. businesses, including department stores and B2B, while the timing of shipments to wholesale accounts negatively impacted top line results. In fact, U.S. department store results at POS continue to be excellent, running up in the mid-30s on a comp basis last year. Most broadly, we once again effectively executed our growth plans and realized companywide performance that outpaced our stated goals. We were particularly pleased with the acceleration in Coach U.S. retail stores which enjoyed significant increases in traffic and conversion, while as expected, the average transaction remained unchanged from prior year. Results in our full-price businesses, both Coach retail stores and U.S. department stores, continued to be driven by the monthly flow of innovative and relevant product notably in women's bags and small accessories. Our U.S. factory store business remained remarkably strong throughout this quarter, given the vibrancy of the Coach brand, the strength of our proposition and continued sales growth in premium factory malls. We were also very pleased with the performance of Coach Japan this quarter where sales grew 21% in yen and 16% in dollars as our market share continued to increase rapidly. Last quarter, our growth in Japan was fueled primarily by distribution through both new stores and expansions augmented by mid single-digit, comparable retail locations sales. Finally, as always, we were particularly pleased with the significant improvement in operating margins. While Mike Devine will get into more detail on our financials, I wanted to give you this recap and tell you how pleased we are with Coach's first quarter performance. As you know I have also asked Mike Tucci to join us today to discuss our product performance for Q1 and our holiday sales initiatives. 
Mike Tucci: Thank you, Lew. As mentioned in our release, our transitional and fall offerings were remarkably successful across all categories and collections. We began the quarter with Signature Stripe, our new weekend casual collection, and the first of three completely new lifestyle platforms for FY '07. This collection was immediately embraced by our customers who loved the lightweight, reversible Coach silhouettes and great matching accessories at sharp price points. Also in July, we brought back an updated Soho collection in leather, suede and classic signature, which included novelty lace styles. In August, the Chelsea handbag group offered in leather, nubuck and optic signature for the first time offered a satchel and was very well-received. In September, our popular Hamptons collection returned for its seventh season and performed strongly against all fabrications, leather, suede and signature, as well as embossed leather. To open October, we brought in Legacy, our second new lifestyle platform for FY '07. The collection represents a return to our craftsmanship heritage with truly iconic Coach elements in a broad assortment of handbag, accessories and wearables. Our Legacy collection is a key focus and major investment for holiday. As always, we're excited about the ten key item concepts for the holiday season. Collectively, we estimate that they will represent over 50% of our business in the holiday selling period. They are: As we have mentioned before, we're introducing the Castle collection of jewelry in November, primarily bracelets and a few necklaces in select stores. Of course, we'll also have a number of gifts under $100 geared to our more price-sensitive customers. As always, our holiday floor set will be installed on the Monday before Thanksgiving with a focus on clean and bold presentations of our key holiday statements and items. A front table change in all stores will take place in early December to coincide with the launch of Resort, a tight capsule of Legacy Signature silhouettes. On the marketing front, our expanded holiday catalog featuring the world of Coach will be in homes in mid-November and will include our Resort collection. We're also looking forward to introducing our special holiday gift guide, which will be used as an in-store selling tool focused on our important key items and collections. It will be in stores in early November and it will be put in each Coach consumer's shopping bag with their purchase. Finally on the in-store experience, as you know, Coach service is an initiative we implemented two years ago to enhance our consumer's in-store experience and ultimately drive conversion. This comprehensive training program teaches interactive selling and engagement techniques to our sales associates. For FY '07, the program has evolved, focusing on new opportunities to deliver consistent customer service during the holiday season. Our Q2 service strategy reinforces the key behaviors for holiday success, customer engagement, effective fulfillment of product and gifting needs and graciously assisting multiple customers at the same time. At Coach, we want to be as well known for great service as we are for our products. In Q1, we introduced an enhanced ClientTrack with more sophisticated features and capabilities to support our field team. This automated client selling tool keeps track of customers, their product needs, lifestyle and shopping preferences and recent purchases. The program also helps the store manager facilitate timely follow-up to customer requests, communicating to our customers regarding the arrival of new or out-of-stock items in store, in-store events and gift-giving occasions. With ClientTrack, we've added the ability to create customer wish lists, accessible in stores across the country. We expect these enhancements to play a significant role in our holiday service strategy. In addition, during this year's holiday season, we will incorporate key Coach service learnings and operational best practices from last year, including: Simply put, our objective this holiday is to leverage our POS transaction speed with improved service and operating standards to move the lines through the store faster and improve conversion. Naturally, many of these initiatives introduced for holiday will continue in our second half. With that, I'd like to return the discussion to Lew to discuss our overarching strategies.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Mike. Over the last several years, we have generated consistently strong results by staying true to our proven formula for success. Our proposition is based upon five differentiating elements, which together set us apart from the competition: our distinctive brand, our leadership position, our very loyal consumer base, our multi-channel international distribution and our focus on innovation, value and the consumer. We have a well-articulated roadmap and clearly defined growth strategies implemented by a seasoned management team who share a common vision with considerable experience working together as a team.  As most of you know, we have been implementing four key strategies that focus on sustaining growth. First, most generally, we're building market share in a rapidly growing North American women's accessories market by leveraging our unique position as an accessible luxury lifestyle brand. As part of this strategy, we've been emphasizing new usage occasions, such as weekend, through such collections as Signature Stripe and more sophisticated products such as Legacy to heighten our cachet especially with our top-tier customers. Our second strategy is the continued rapid growth in North American retail. We plan to add about 100 U.S. retail stores over the next three years, bringing the retail store base to over 300. During this year, we intend to open at least 30 new retail stores. These will include ten new full-price store markets for Coach, five of which we mentioned already opened during the first quarter and five coming in the balance of FY '07. In aggregate, these 30 new stores will add nearly 80,000 square feet or 14% to our full-price retail store base during FY '07. In keeping with our strategy to expand our most productive locations, we will also be expanding at least eight retail stores. These expansions will add a total of about 7,000 additional square feet or a bit over 1% to our total full-price retail space. In addition, we are also planning on opening three more factory stores in FY '07 and expanding two more outlets, given the success we've experienced through our previous outlet store expansions. In total, factory store development in FY '07 will add nearly 26,000 square feet or 9% to our factory store base. Thus in total, the square footage of our North American Coach stores will grow over 13% in FY '07. Third, outside the US, we're continuing to rapidly grow market share with the Japanese consumer from about 9% this past year to a goal of 15% during the next few years. We are driving growth in Japan primarily by opening new retail locations and by expanding existing ones. Overall, we expect that eventually we will have a total of at least 180 Coach locations in Japan. During this fiscal year, we expect to open 15 to20 net new locations in Japan, a net increase of at least 25,000 square feet or at least 13% to the store base. We also plan to expand about 15 of our most productive retail and factory locations in FY '07 adding over 7,000 square feet or about 4% to our retail base.  Thus, in FY '07, overall, we're targeting Coach Japan's constant currency sales to increase about 20% from the prior year. Our increases will primarily come from distribution growth with mid single-digit comps expected for the year. As we've said previously, the opportunities of our core markets of North America and Japan are abundant. Notably in East Asia and especially in Greater China, we're intensifying our efforts to build awareness by creating a presence that will position us for meaningful sales in the future.  During the first quarter, a net of five new Coach locations opened internationally including our first in Shenzhen, China, along with our first in the UAE. We also renovated and expanded our Shanghai Times Square location, which is experiencing substantial sales increases. It remains our intention to open at least 10 locations in the major cities on the mainland of China during the next two years, while also continuing to expand our retail store base in Hong Kong.  Lastly, of course, we continue to have an overall focus on improving the rate of profitability so that our bottom line results continue to outpace top-line performance. In closing, these strategies and actions are designed to enable us to achieve excellent financial results through our planning horizon.  I will now turn it over to Mike Devine for further detail on our financials. 
Mike Devine: Thank you, Lew. Lew and Mike T have just taken you through our highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our first quarter results.  As mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased 23% with direct to consumer which represents over three-quarters of our business, up 29%; and indirect of 11%. While our POS sales in U.S. department stores actually accelerated in the mid 30s for the quarter. The timing of shipments to wholesale customers muted our reported revenues for the indirect channels.  Net income for the quarter increased 34% to a $126 million, or $0.34 per share as compared to $94 million, or $0.24 per share in the year ago period. This was ahead of the analysts' consensus estimate of $0.31 for the quarter. Our operating income rose 36% to a $198 million in the first quarter versus a $145 million in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 35.7% compared to 32.3% in the year-ago quarter, a 340 basis improvement. In the first quarter, gross margin increased by 70 basis year-over-year from 76% flat to 76.7%. For the quarter, gains from product mix and supply chain initiatives drove this improvement, while channel mix and a weak yen remained negatives.  SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales were well below prior year levels in the first quarter and represented 41% of sales versus 43.7% last year. We were very happy to deliver significant leverage from our U.S. store base driven by the strong comps reported for both channels. We also saw excellent leverage on what I call our semi-fixed corporate functions.  Inventory levels at quarter end were $301 million, up about 40% above prior year levels, driven by both the investment in key holiday initiatives Mike T discussed, which position us well for the expected well strong selling season as well as the timing of receipts. It should be noted that our two-year inventory growth of 47% is well under our two-year sales growth of 61%. Further, this two-year inventory increase allows us to support 57 net new U.S. stores and 25 net new locations in Japan, and substantially increased sales levels over the two-year period.  Accounts receivable balances rose $13 million, or 13%, while days sales outstanding declined by three days from 36 to 33 days. Cash and short-term investments stood at $456 million, as compared with $448 million a year ago. It should be noted that the quarter end cash balance reflects the repurchase of about $720 million of Coach common stock during the interim 12 months. The company repurchased 5 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $29.99 during the first fiscal quarter, thereby completing the existing program. As noted in our release, our Board of Directors has authorized a new $500 million program effective through June of 2008.  Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter was $81 million compared to $55 million last year during Q1. Free cash flow in the first quarter was an inflow of $44 million versus $33 million in the same period last year, primarily due to higher net income. CapEx spending, mainly for new stores and renovations was $36 million, versus $22 million in the same quarter a year ago.  Now, I'd like to provide you with some of our updated goals for fiscal 2007. For the second fiscal quarter, we are targeting net sales of about $785million, representing a year-on-year increase of about 21%. With US comparable store sales gains of at least 10% in the retail channel and mid-teens in the factory channel, and at least mid single-digit total comp gapes at Coach Japan.  For Japan, we've previously reported full price Coach Japan comps only. Going forward, we plan to increase our disclosure to combine full price and factory, or total comps. This will provide a better bridge to our overall direct-to-consumer sales results. For the first quarter of '07, our total comps were up high single-digits, consistent with last year's first quarter when full price comps rose at a mid single-digit pace and total comp was high single-digit.  Second quarter operating income is targeted to be up over 22% year-over-year and earnings per share of $0.56, an increase of about 26%. Our current goals for the full fiscal year are net sales growth of over 20% to about $2.55 billion with at least 10% comparable store sales gains in both the U.S. retail and in factory channel in the second half of the year; and a total sales increase in Japan of about 20% in constant currency, driven primarily by distribution growth through new store openings and expansions augmented by at least mid single-digit total same location sales growth. We're targeting an operating margin up about 37.5%, which assumes the gross margin at last year's extraordinary levels over the balance of FY '07 and further SG&A leverage. Operating income dollar growth of over 25% above FY '06. Interest income of about $35 million, or about flat to FY '06 will add the pre-tax income, while net income will be somewhat offset by a higher tax rate rising to about 38.5% for the year, due to the fact that incremental taxable income is being taxed at higher rates. Including these factors, we expect to generate EPS growth of at least 28% which will produce earnings per share of at least $1.63 compared with analysts' consensus estimate of $1.58. For FY '07, we continue to expect CapEx to rise to about $150 million, primarily for new stores and expansions, both here and in Japan. As Lew noted, we will be opening at least 35 new US retail factory stores, and continuing our North American expansion programs. In Japan, we plan to open about 15 to 20 net new locations.  While these are our current goals, our actual results may vary from these targets based upon a number of factors including those discussed under the business of Coach, Inc and risk factors in our annual report on form 10-K. Coach also does not assume any obligation to update these targets as the year progresses.  In summary, we're confident that our growth strategies will enable us to continue to gain share in the large and growing global market for fine accessories and gifts. Thank you all for your attention. Now Lew, Mike, Andrea and I will be happy to take some questions.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you. With the Q&A, please note that each questioner is asked to keep their questions to a single one. Thanks and let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Your first question comes from Bob Drbul – Lehman Brothers.
 Bob Drbul – Lehman Brothers: Hi, good morning.
Lew Frankfort: Good morning, Bob.
 Bob Drbul – Lehman Brothers: Congratulations on the terrific results. The question that I have is, you talked a little bit about your ability to attract new consumers to the franchise during this quarter. Can you elaborate a little bit more on some of the comments you made last month around what you view as the current market size and the growth opportunities in both units and dollars domestically?
Lew Frankfort: Sure. First, our department store sales grew about 30% at POS in the United States this past quarter. When we look at it, we realize that from a dollars perspective, while our market share is about 25% or was 25% last year, the actual units that we sold in department stores only represented about 10% of their sales. As a result, with our increase of about 30% in a category growing between 10% and 15% in department stores, our actual units sold is only about 12% of total units sold in department stores. In all of our discussions with department store leadership as well as in our consumer research, what we're finding is that many consumers are trading up from lower, both private label brands as well as brands that we have not considered part of our overall set.  So overall, where we have historically said the market is about $5 billion, that does not take into account any consumers trading up from brands such as the Le Sport Tech, DKNY, Liz Claiborne, Banana Republic and so on. When we add these brands in as well as private label, it looks as if the market is probably somewhere between $7 billion to $7.5 billion; that is the addressable market.  So instead of having overall market share of about 25%, it looks to us that our market share is probably somewhat less than 20%, which suggests that the opportunity for us to have sustained, excellent growth in North America is larger than we had contemplated ourselves.
 Bob Drbul – Lehman Brothers: Great. Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Evelyn – UBS.
 Jeff Evelyn – UBS: Thank you, good morning. My congratulations also. Lew, a question, sort of a follow-up on what Bob had asked. This was the first quarter, I believe, your average transaction stabilized versus the prior year. Was there a shift in the product offerings on the floor? Was there something unique to this quarter? Could it reflect that maybe you are getting more new consumers trading up? Then as part of this, if your average transaction does not keep increasing, what happens to the resultant lack of operating leverage per transaction? Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: First off, I think you pretty much answered it. There are a lot of new consumers entering our franchise. We estimate that as much as 30-35% of our sales in our first quarter are consumers new to our franchise.  What happens, Jeff, is when we actually pass higher traffic, we focus much more heavily on conversion rather than UPTs. What we enjoyed this quarter, against higher traffic, is higher conversion. Also, there was not as much of a focus on UPT growth. We think, actually, average transaction is going to grow in the second quarter, by mid single-digits, low to mid single-digits.
Jeff Evelyn – UBS: Okay, thank you.
Mike Devine: Jeff, if I could speak to the operating margin comments, you can see actually if you look at our SG&A leverage that we were able to convert this traffic at very profitable levels and drove increased operating margins through the P&L.
Jeff Evelyn – UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Ojay – Credit Suisse.
 Paul Ojay – Credit Suisse : Thanks. I had a question on Legacy. Can you talk about what percent of shop Legacy has represented here in its early days? Can you update us on where you are with the Legacy shop-and-shops? How many are you planning to do? Where are you in that process, and also, if you could just share with us the ending diluted share count?
Mike Tucci: Sure. On Legacy, I think it's important to understand, step back just for a minute. We actually piloted Legacy in the spring season which indicated to us a significantly greater appetite for Legacy products; albeit at higher price points and a more sophisticated offering. We went back in and did invest more heavily particularly in key silhouettes like the Alley and the Shoulder Zip. It's early, you know, we're in our third full week of the Legacy installation, which includes 15 in-store shops in the United States in our premier locations.  But we're very, very pleased with what's happening, penetrations in Legacy including wearables and related categories are consistently north of 20% in our stores. We do believe it is a driver of transaction size given the price point. The Legacy shops are consistently outperforming the overall average of 20% on a week-in and week-out basis. So that focus in the stores, the defined merchandising area with service elements and presentation highlights is really helping.  I think the last piece on Legacy is that it's not simply a Q2 initiative. This is a major platform that we will continue to focus on throughout the year. We'll look at in-store opportunities in the back half of FY'07. We're currently looking at opportunities for FY'08 for additional locations within our stores. Concept ideas that we can expand on and really give the customer an opportunity to see Coach in a more broad spectrum and product offering.
Mike Devine: Paul, your question on share count, the quarter end was very close to the quarterly average; about 1 million shares lower at 372.3.
 Paul Ojay – Credit Suisse : Thanks a lot, guys. Good luck
Lew Frankfort: Thank you
Operator: Your next question comes from David Shik – Stifel Nicholas. 
 David Shik – Stifel Nicholas: As you discussed ClientTrack and it's part of the suite of things that you are talking about going into holiday, how much of ClientTrack this year for holiday is ramping up on the learnings you developed? How much is new functionality of the system or things you are trying within ClientTrack?
Mike Tucci: On Client Track, we are in our 16th month of ClientTrack as a performance tool and a customer service tool in our stores. Now the big enhancements this year are around integration of our database, so that basically all of our consumer data and systems can talk to one another, and you can easily toggle back and forth to help identify customer needs. Purchase history, as an example, is an enormous aid in helping to convert customers and get them what they want, and that is a new enhancement that will be available to our customers for Q2, we launched it in Q1. Things like wishlisting and gifting opportunities. All of these actions result in what we call customer follow-ups, or to-dos. To give you an idea of the ramp-up, in Q1 we saw almost 60,000 customer follow-ups in our stores versus around 30,000 from a year ago. So we know that this is a tool with the enhancements that is being used. We measure against it at a store level on a daily basis, and it's essentially an electronic client selling book, very modern and very efficient and very much in keeping with how our sales associates think. So we see it as a real opportunity for us within Q2.  Just to give you a little flavor, some of the things that are most popular are customers asking to be notified on new products launches in store. Our editorial database, where anything that is featured on an editorial basis is cross-referenced to ClientTrack, so should a customer call and ask about an item that they might see in the press, we can immediately reference them and contact them when we get that item for them. So we're feeling like it's a major tool for us and the stores have embraced it and it's performing well.
David Shik – Stifel Nicholas: So just to boil it down for me, so in the 16th month, we shouldn't look at it as lapping. It's grown in its usefulness year-over-year?
Mike Tucci: No question.
David Shik – Stifel Nicholas: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Hurley - Chelsea Advisory Group. 
 Jim Hurley - Chelsea Advisory Group: Good morning and congratulations to all.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Jim.
 Jim Hurley - Chelsea Advisory Group: You're welcome. My question is about Japan. Obviously very good results out of that region, which has not been the case for some of your competitors, and I just wanted to understand the integration efforts with CJI, and specifically if you are able to see operating expense leverage in the first fiscal quarter?
Mike Devine: I'll take the latter part, the financial answer, Jim, is that we did not see leverage there. We're continuing as we guided the Street to build infrastructure in Japan and we'll see that happen throughout '07. So in none of our projections or any of our forward-looking guidance have we planned on that happening in '07 and we are continuing to build that infrastructure so we can capture some of the integration opportunities that we believe we have there.
Lew Frankfort: Was there another part to your question, Jim?
 Jim Hurley - Chelsea Advisory Group: Just in terms of how that business is developing. It seems like the strength has been maintained when that's not been the case for the rest of the market. Anything that you're doing on a merchandising front?
Lew Frankfort: I think the most important thing to appreciate Jim, and I know you do, is that we have an alternative to the established brands. We offer a value-based proposition. Our accessible luxury proposition resonates especially well in Japan with the younger consumers and what we're finding, as we open in regional markets as well as our continued presence in existing markets is a very strong penchant towards Coach. They're embracing our monthly product flow, the innovation that we're offering in product responding very well.
 Jim Hurley - Chelsea Advisory Group: Great. Thanks and congrats.
Lew Frankfort: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Julie Shaw - Merrill Lynch. 
 Julie Shaw - Merrill Lynch: Good morning. I had a question regarding operating margins. Your guidance seems to have a little bit less margin expansion built in from Q1 significant increases. How much expansion do you think is left and how do you get to these peak operating margins?
Mike Devine: Well, we're guiding, Julie, to 37.5% operating margin level for the company for the full year. I don't think there are too many other retailer fashion stories that are achieving that. That's 150 basis points approximately above what we had last year. We believe that there is opportunity beyond that as we talked about many times, particularly being driven through the SG&A leverage that you saw us capture in Q1. We see with top line growth in the high-teens to 20% that we're guiding to through our long-range planning horizon, we can continue to deliver SG&A leverage well into the future and see an operating margin that at some point will begin to approach a 40% level. 
 Julie Shaw - Merrill Lynch: Great. And how much has mix, the product mix of legacy played into the gross margin expansion this quarter?
Mike Devine: Yes. That, that collection is consistent with our extraordinary gross margin levels across our product offerings. So it's on balance equivalent to the levels we're achieving throughout our product offering.
Lew Frankfort: Although, it had no impact in Q1 since we introduced legacy at the beginning of October.
 Julie Shaw - Merrill Lynch: Right, right. Of course. Thank you very much.
Lew Frankfort: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Margaret Major - Goldman Sachs. 
Margaret Major - Goldman Sachs: Congratulations on the great results. I have a question about the pricing strategy for your full-price stores. Can you just talk about what's possible in terms of the upside for price points? I read a while back in one of the trade publications that Reed thinks that your prices, your stores and your customer would be accepting of even higher prices than what you're at right now, with regard to say $800 being the upper limit. So if you could talk about that and how you might evolve the pricing in stores?  And then, I would like to ask about Japan, too. If you wouldn't mind running through how FX impacts the Japanese results, not just on the translation of the top line, but on gross margin. Because if you are sourcing in dollars and selling in a strong yen, wouldn't that be a positive?  Lastly, with regard to the inventory, why do you think you needed to bring things in earlier this year versus last year? Is that just a sign of how bullish you are about holiday? Thanks. 
Lew Frankfort: Mike, why don't you take the second and third question?
Mike Devine: We will take them in reverse order, Margaret. On the inventory, the timing is more about last year. We actually as we closed the September quarter last year, we were about $25 million light on receipts. So it's more about last year being light. Let me just say, this time of year as we're gearing up for holiday, we can receive as much as $4 million in receipts in a single day. So just so you can gauge, that's maybe just a little more than a week's worth of timing.  That being said, we have heavied up our inventory investments to speak to the ten strategies that Mike talked to especially in the Legacy opportunity, and we're feeling great and that our inventories are exceptionally clean and well positioned going into the multi-robust selling period. And you'll see inventories back in line year-over-year, I think, at the close of the next quarter.  Your next question was about FX, and we actually have that as a gross margin negative because we're buying inventories now with a weaker yen and therefore it costs us more yen to convert to dollars to buy the bags. So although, we've hedged pretty effectively, there still is a modest negative impact to our gross margin rate as a result of the weaker yen. In the prepared remarks, I talk about weaker yen and channel mix driven by the success of factory being negative. The two combined hurt us about 30 bp in Q1.
Margaret Major - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. And then, the pricing strategies, Lew? 
Lew Frankfort: Sure. First, Margaret, as you well know, we position ourselves as a brand that will always give consumers excellent value. Our pricing strategy remains consistent, that is wherever we are able to pass along to consumers in terms of our lower cost structures resulting in lower prices, we're pleased to do. More generally, what we are finding is that we have a capacity because of the breadth of our franchise to offer price points much higher than we do, with great success.  Mike Tucci was talking about Legacy running over 20%. The average handbag in Legacy is over $400. Conversely in Signature Stripe, which we introduced in July, the average handbag price was in the low $200s, and what we're trying to do is strike a very fine balance by not alienating the value conscience consumer and yet at the same time, doing a better job attracting the luxury consumer.  That’s why we tier our stores by the type of consumer and in addition, we have a rapidly growing Coach by special request business that the luxury oriented consumer, even who shops in one of our core stores can purchase an item that might not be available, through Coach by special request. We think the potential is basically boundless. We just have to be careful in the way in which we move.
Margaret Major - Goldman Sachs: Great. Did you sell out of the $10,000 alligator bag in the catalog?
Lew Frankfort: So far, three out of five have sold.
Margaret Major - Goldman Sachs: I'm sure there will be gone by Christmas. 
Operator: Your next question comes from John Ruloux - Wachovia. 
 John Ruloux - Wachovia : Hi, guys, great quarter. My question really goes back to the comments about the new stores running ahead of plan. Why do you think that is? Are you getting better locations? Maybe opening in markets where the business has been a little bit stronger historically? I wonder if you could comment on that and what it means for your return on investment? Is that creeping up on the new store side?
Mike Tucci: I do believe that we are getting very strong locations within the malls and complexes that we are going into. We focus on that. We are a preferred brand for mall developers and we attract, I think, a very strong consumer to the enterprise, so let's leverage that we think about all day long.  We like to think that our Coach stores are a beacon for the mall developers and for consumers and I think most important what we see happening is this idea that consumers are trading up. There is a very, very strong awareness of Coach as a brand in market s like El Paso and Rogers, Arkansas, and when we open a store there, we have people waiting for us. Woo offer the same commitment, same merchandise presentation that is consistent with stores in the rest of the country, and they're immediately coming in. We're converting them and we are developing relationships with them.
 John Ruloux - Wachovia : Do you have a little bit more leverage when signing a lease on the cost side so net-net better productivity combined with perhaps better expense control as your ROI, you know, up pretty significantly on the new store side?
Mike Devine: That would be accurate. 
Lew Frankfort: I’ll just say one last thing. The thing that is most exciting, like when Mike and I visited El Paso, we spoke with consumers and the staff, they told us 30% to 40% in the first few months were new to Coach. When we spoke to individual consumers, they told us they welcomed us to El Paso. They were really enthusiastic. We have long queues outside of our store the day we opened. 
 John Ruloux - Wachovia : Thanks, keep it up.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities.
 Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities: Thank you. Congratulations on another fabulous quarter. Can you give us the percentages of limited edition product in the quarter versus the quarter before in novelty?
Mike Tucci: Total special product as we define it, was around 14%which is consistent with where we were a year ago in Q1. Within that, limited edition product was around 4%. Again, consistent with where we were last year in Q1.
Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities: Are there plans to try to grow that percentage over time? I mean, I think this is probably the first time where it's been consistent versus it growing as a percentage of sales.
Mike Tucci: I think we're constantly looking at our pricing mix, and importantly , we're actually talking internally about reviewing our definitions. One of the things that's happening out there is that we're seeing tremendous performance of what we call limited edition and special product in all stores and in particular, in core stores. So maybe what we've done is brought the consumer up and we raised our game. We may need to be more surgical internally about what we define as limited edition so that we can really push ourselves to find what those upper price boundaries are . So I think stay tuned on that one. We're pleased with where we are , but it's a constant review and it's driven by our investments and the product that we develop . 
Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities: Okay, and with respect to factory doing so well, are you attempting to cross market to the factory customer and the Coach customers? I mean, I know there's a small percentage that cross-shops. Do you try and separate that when you market, or do you try and target , you know, that customer both ways ?
Mike Tucci: We don't. We do not cross market at all. We do have a consistent service standard that we believe we treat customers graciously and with respect in any Coach store, be it a factory store or full price store, but we do not cross-market between full price and factory stores in any way.
Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities: It is still about 25%? 
Lew Frankfort: Further, we don't do any outreach for factory.
Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities: Okay. It's still about 25% crossover?
Lew Frankfort:  20%.
Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities: Thank you, good luck for the holidays.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Irwin Roberts – HSBC.
 Irwin Roberts – HSBC: Good morning and congratulations. I just wanted to come back to the margin guidance , operating margin . You said it should be up about 150 basis points this year and. essentially linked to SG&A leverage . I think you have repeated quarter after quarter that the gross margin levels should be about the same as last year , but it was up 70 basis points in Q1 . I was under the impression that there should be a convergence of the comp rates between full price and outlets in, say, six to nine months . Is there a reason why gross margin can't continue to expand on a full year basis?
Mike Devine: The biggest factor is if you look at the compares year over year, what you will see is the Q1 compare was the easiest that we have faced in '07 . The Q1 rate was 76% in Q1, and 78% for the remaining three quarters of '06. So we're up against a tough compare, and we feel very good about being able to meet that challenge and get to the 78% level for our year-ago period.
 Irwin Roberts – HSBC: Thanks.
Lew Frankfort: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brad Stevens - Morgan Keegan. 
 Brad Stevens - Morgan Keegan: Congratulations on a great quarter. Going back to the premium product question , what percentage of your Japanese business is now at the premium price points , and is there potential longer term to increase your 70% markup for doing business there ?
Lew Frankfort: Do the second part, Mike, in terms of the markup and I will talk about the premium. I am not quite sure what he is saying. Is there an opportunity for to us increase the markup? Is that what?
 Brad Stevens - Morgan Keegan: Yes. 
Lew Frankfort: I mean, there's always an opportunity that we have to weigh that against the cost and we're very comfortable with the relative positioning between the United States and Japan, and we're not looking to make any adjustment in the relative pricing of Japan to the United States.  In terms of our limited edition product, in Japan, we're only scratching the surface . For example , last quarter, as part of our 65th anniversary, we presented a series of four bags that were numbered and I believe the total quantity was 2,000, and we sold through that enormously quickly. The Japanese consumers are particularly appreciative of limited edition product and again, we're in early days there.
 Brad Stevens - Morgan Keegan: All right. Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: You're welcome. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you all for joining us today. That concludes the conference call . Of course, Mike and I will be available for questions throughout the day . Thanks and have a great one. 
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call.

===== 2006 Q4  (2006-08-01 12:15:00) =====
Executives: Lew Frankfort - Chairman, CEO  Mike Devine - CFO Andrea Shaw Resnick - VP, IR 
Analysts: Bob Drbul - Lehman Brothers Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs Jeffrey Edelman – UBS Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities Anwan Hombula – HSBC John Rouleau - Wachovia David Glick - Buckingham Research Group Jim Hurley - Telsey Advisory Group Evran Coppleman - JP Morgan
Operator:
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you, Brenda. Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly and annual results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO; and Mike Devine, Coach's CFO.  Before we begin we must point out this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties, such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences or control costs.  Please refer to our latest report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors. Also please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. We presently expect to update our estimates each quarter only. However, failure to update this information should not be taken as Coach's acceptance of these estimates on a continuing basis. Coach may also choose to discontinue presenting future estimates at any time.  Now let me outline the order of speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will begin with an overall summary of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2006 results, as well as our plans for the new fiscal year. Mike Devine will then follow with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter and year as well as our outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2007. Following Mike, we'll hold a Q&A session that will conclude by 9:30 a.m.  I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO. 
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Andrea and welcome everyone. As we announce our fourth quarter results and the end of our fiscal year, we are very pleased with our performance and even more enthusiastic about the opportunities that lie ahead. We're confident that FY07 will be another excellent year for Coach with sales rising to at least $2.5 billion, or at least 19% ahead of last year.  Historically, we have used the term accessible luxury to describe our marketplace position as a lane between the old world luxury brands and the more moderate segments. Today Coach is credited as the primary catalyst in changing the way in which American women perceive accessories. In fact, our average target consumer now buys four handbags a year, up from just two the beginning of this decade. This has resulted in more than a doubling in the size of the category during the last five years. While our business in North America has tripled in the same period, our U.S. market share has only grown from 16% to about 25%.  Our strong fiscal 2006 performance speaks to our philosophy of operating Coach as a small business for large sales. FY06 was highlighted by a 23% increase in revenues and a 38% increase in net income. It was a year of many accomplishments, including: Most broadly, we once again effectively executed our growth plans and realized company-wide performance that outpaced our stated goals.  As you know, this morning we announced excellent results for the fourth fiscal quarter ended July 1, 2006 ahead of both our expectations and analyst's estimates. Our net income and EPS rose 31% and 33% respectively, from prior year levels as a 23% increase in sales, combined with a significant improvement in margins, continued to drive the bottom line.  Some highlights of our fourth fiscal quarter were:  During the quarter, as planned, we opened 12 retail stores bringing to 25 the number of new retail store openings in 2006. Last quarter's openings included our first stores at Omaha, Nebraska; Knoxville, Tennessee; and Fresno, California. We also opened three factory stores and closed one during the fourth quarter. Thus, at the end of the period, there were 218 full-priced stores and 86 factory stores in operation.  In addition, during the quarter we expanded one full-priced store, North Park Mall in Dallas, Texas bringing the total number of completed retail expansions to seven this year. We also expanded three factory stores in the quarter, bringing the full year total to five.  Indirect sales in the quarter rose 23% to $96 million, versus $78 million a year ago, driven primarily by substantial increases in international and U.S. wholesale shipments, while business to business contributed as well.  During the quarter in Japan, in addition to the Kobe flagship, we opened six other locations and closed one, while a wholesale location at the Nirita Airport was opened as well. This brought the total number of store openings to 16 net new locations, on target with our expansion plans. Thus, at the end of the fourth quarter we had a total of 122 locations in Japan with 20 full-priced stores, including eight flagships, 87 shop in shops, 11 factory stores, and four wholesale locations.  We were particularly pleased with the continued momentum of our North American full-priced business, both the gains posted by our own stores which continued to post double-digit comp gains and significant increases in U.S. department store POS sales; with comp sales running up over 20% last quarter and total sales up about 16%, after accounting for the closure of locations as a result of the Federated/May merger. Results continue to be driven by the monthly flow of fresh and relevant product which have positively impacted all key selling metrics.  For the factory channel, about two-thirds of our comp gains for both the quarter and the year came from a combination of conversion and ticket increases, which points to our strengthened merchandise offering; while the remaining third coming from increased traffic was in large part driven by new consumers to our database.  We were also pleased with the performance of Coach Japan this quarter where sales rose 12% in dollars and 20% in yen as our market share continued to grow rapidly. Our growth in Japan was fueled primarily by distribution, augmented by mid single-digit same location sales as we continue to focus on growing the overall market, primarily through our new and expanded locations.  Last quarter's performance was again especially noteworthy when you take into account the continued lackluster performance in Japan for imported luxury brands in general.  Finally, we were particularly pleased with the significant improvement in operating margins as efficiency initiatives and leveraged spending, in combination with our price cost initiatives and product mix improvements, continued to drive our bottom line results.  While Mike will get into more detail on our financials, I wanted to give you this recap and tell you how happy we are with Coach's fourth quarter and year end performance. I also wanted to touch on our product, the hallmark of the Coach brand, as it is the primary driver of our growth.  Throughout the spring season, well-received new product continued to drive our business, beginning in April with Optic Signature offering several key handbag silhouettes as well as accessories in footwear. In May the key item, shoulder tote, offered in multiple fabrications was a big win. In June, our Signature patchwork offering of perennial favorites was also very strong.  During 2007, we will be introducing three new major lifestyle platforms which we are especially excited about after a year spent successfully evolving established collections. As you know, Coach is known for innovation and we understand distinctive newness is key to driving our business.  The first new platform is our Signature Stripe collection. Introduced at the beginning of July, it was an immediate success and continues to exceed our expectations, currently representing about 14% of sales in retail stores in the U.S. and Japan. This tote-based assortment offered in our Signature pattern is casual, lightweight and functional. The totes are reversible, offering two bags in one and can be monogrammed allowing the consumer to personalize her purchase. An offering of accessories, footwear and wearables, completes this lifestyle collection and broadens our penetration of the casual weekend segment. Next quarter we will update this group with new color and style offerings.  We're particularly enthusiastic about the pending launch of the new Legacy collection in late September, our second new major lifestyle platform for 2007. Inspired by our archives, this collection will support our 65th anniversary and will be the center of our fall advertising campaign. The collection will also be featured in its entirety in our fall catalogue dedicated solely to Legacy.  A range of styles will be available in burnished, vintage leather, suede and classic Signature. Its classic modeled styling is enhanced by iconic hardware, such as turn locks, buckles or clip closures and colorful proprietary lining making this group distinctively Coach. A selection of wallets, cosmetic cases, wristlets, wearables, footwear watches and scarves will complement the collection. It's also worth mentioning that we recently piloted the Legacy collection both in the US and Japan with great success and broad consumer appeal.  Finally, the relaunch of Ergo coming this spring with soft styles and a sophisticated appeal will round out our new major initiatives for 2007. The original Ergo group, which was only handbags, represented 13% in its key selling period four years ago.  Of course, we will also continue to evolve our established collections as well, starting with the Soho collection in leather and Signature which we introduced in July. This year the collection is anchored with a key item satchel which was an immediate hit. The group also includes hobos and totes, perfect for business. The new introduction of vintage leather across all styles is being well received. A limited edition of bags with lacing and other embellishments completes this group. In July Soho ran north of 25% of U.S. retail store sales.  Just last week we introduced our updated classic Chelsea collection offered in crinkled leather, new buck and Optic Signature. The key item satchel is new to the collection and is doing quite well. A range of classic hobos is also being offered. The attitude of the bags, including their contrasting handles and proprietary turn-lock detail, all lent to Chelsea's overall appeal.  In September, we will evolve our Hampton’s collection. This group is feminine refined and classic. Our new group of hobos in multiple sizes and the book tote will complement our classic carry-alls. The collection will be available in soft pebbled leather, Signature patterns and an introduction of embossed Signature on leather. The pallet is neutral-based and sophisticated. Functional accessories, footwear and scarves will complete this lifestyle collection.  Our business will be supported by updates to the foundation we're building in this quarter, in addition to fresh groups of duffels, gallery totes and our popular patchwork. Duffels will feature vintage styling and additional functionality like adjustable straps in all sizes as asked by our consumers, offered at compelling price points.  Gallery totes will be in multiple fabrications, including rich patent leather and embossed Signature suede with beading. We're also looking forward to offering a large selection of holiday gifts under $100, such as the important $98 key item wallet, as well as wristlets, scarves, cosmetic cases and the new zodiac charms. An adorable selection of pet accessories such as collars, leashes and coats will be available as well.  Clearly, the vitality of the brand is driven by the strength of our product and our fall and holiday assortment is powerful, underscoring our optimism about the seasons ahead. Our formula for success has remained constant, despite a changing environment. We have five unvarying elements that separate us from the competition: our distinctive brand, our leadership position, our loyal consumer base, our multi-channel international distribution, and our focus on innovation and the consumer.  The engine that drives these elements is our strong and seasoned management team, fueled by innovative, exciting products and supported by an adaptive dynamic global sourcing and supply chain.  Our brand has never been stronger, nor has our proposition ever been more vibrant. We are well positioned to continue to capitalize on the many opportunities available to us and have the vision, strategy and tactics in place to realize our long-term growth plans.  Our overall arching goal is to continue to expand our market share in handbags and small leather goods, by delivering accessible luxury accessories to a broad, loyal and consumer base. To this end, we're focused on two primary growth drivers. First, increasing our own retail distribution internationally, with an emphasis in North America and Japan. Second, driving productivity; giving consumers more reasons to visit our stores and purchase while she's there.  In terms of distribution, our primary focus is the continued acceleration of growth in North American retail, given the doubling of the premium accessory category to $5 billion in recent years and its continued more than 10% growth during the first part of 2006.  We plan to add about 100 new U.S. retail stores over the next three years, bringing the retail store base to just over 300; while we now believe that North America, including Canada, could comfortably support at least 400 stores. During FY07 we intend to open at least 30 new retail stores, 20 in the first half alone, which will include seven new full-priced stores for Coach.  We're also pleased to tell you that our first opening of the new fiscal year at the Mohican Sun Casino in Connecticut has been an instant success and is on plan to generate $7 million in sales in its first year. In addition, we expect to add about five new factory stores in FY07 and have already closed one store for a net of four new stores. We expect new stores to add at least 100,000 square feet, over 12%, to our U.S. total retail square footage in FY07.  In keeping with our strategy to expand our most productive locations, we will also be expanding at least eight retail stores in FY07, mostly in the second half of the year. This includes some of our most productive locations such as Roosevelt Field here on Long Island and both Chestnut Hill and South Shore in the Boston area. In addition, we're also planning on expanding at least four factory outlets. Taken together, expansions in both channels are expected to add about 13,000 square feet or about 1.5% to our base.  Outside the U.S. we're continuing to aggressively expand market share with the Japanese consumer from about 9% this past year to a goal of 15% during the next few years, primarily through new stores and expansions. Overall, we expect that we could eventually have a total of at least 180 Coach locations in Japan across the same multi-channel distribution model that we have established in the U.S. In FY07 we expect to open between 15 and 20 net new locations in Japan, a net increase of at least 25,000 square feet or at least 13% to the store base.  Similar to the U.S., we also plan to expand about 20 of our most productive retail and factory locations in FY07, adding about 10,000 square feet or about 5% to our retail base.  Overall in FY07, we expect CJI sales to grow about 20% in constant currency from FY06 as we continue to gain share rapidly. Our gains will primarily come from distribution growth as we accelerate our new store opening plans, taking advantage of the many real estate opportunities in this market. Also, we're continuing to target mid single-digit comps for the year.  As noted in the third quarter call, the opportunities outside of our core markets of North America and Japan are plentiful. Notably in east Asia, especially in greater China, we are intensifying our efforts to build awareness by creating a presence that will position us for meaningful sales in the future as we recognize that Mainland China will become an important market for luxury brands during the next several years.  It's our intention to open at least ten locations in major cities on the Mainland during the next two to three years, while also continuing to expand our retail store base in Hong Kong, where we recently and successfully opened a major retail store in Canton Road our 13th Hong Kong location. While it's early days, this store is tracking to do at least $5 million in its first 12 months.  To this point, we have already secured four locations in Mainland China for FY07 openings including stores in important cities of Schengen and Xian as well as additional locations in Shanghai and Beijing.  The other important sales driver will be to continue the productivity of our existing locations. First the and most generally we're continuing to build market share in the rapidly growing North American women's accessories market by leveraging our unique position as an accessible luxury lifestyle brand. As part of this strategy, we're emphasizing new usage occasions such as Weekend, exemplified by our recent introduction of Signature Stripe and offering limited edition products to heighten our cache, especially with our top tier customers.  To this point we believe all three components of comp growth are still available to us: These strategies and actions are designed to enable us to achieve superior financial results through our planning horizon. I will now turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further financials. 
Mike Devine: Thank you, Lew. Lew has just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our fourth quarter and year end results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased 23% with sales for both our direct and indirect channels matching this gain.  For the full year, total revenues also rose 23% as did sales generated by our direct channel while our indirect revenues rose 24%. Excluding the negative impact of the weaker yen, total sales rose 25% for the quarter and 26% for the year.  Net income for the quarter increased 31% to $118 million, or $0.31 per share as compared to $90 million or $0.23 per share in the year ago period. This was ahead of the analyst consensus estimate of $0.29 for the quarter. Net income rose to $494 million in FY06, up 38% from the $359 million earned in the prior year.  Diluted earnings per share rose 38% to $1.27 versus $0.92 a year ago and ahead of analyst consensus estimates of $1.25.  Our operating income rose 41% to $180 million in the fourth quarter versus $128 million in the same period last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 35% compared to 30.6% in the year ago quarter, a 440 basis point improvement.  For the fiscal year, operating income rose to $765 million from the $573 million posted in the prior year, a 34% increase. Operating margin for the year rose to 36.2%, from 33.5% a year ago, up 270 basis points.  In the fourth quarter, gross margin increased by 80 basis points on a year-over-year basis from 77.6% to 78.4%, bringing the full year to 77.6%, a 100 basis point increase. For the year, as in the quarter, gains from product mix and supply chain initiatives drove this improvement.  As we expected, SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales was substantially below prior year levels in the fourth quarter and represented 43.3% of sales versus 47% a year ago. For the full year, SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales declined 180 basis points to 41.4% from 43.2% a year ago. All selling businesses saw their year-over-year spending rates decline as we also continued to leverage the top line volume throughout all of our centralized functions.  Inventory levels at year end were $233 million, up about $49 million from $184 million last year and were about 27% above those prior year levels. Consistent with our top line constant currency sales growth, as our supply chain improvements and inventory management programs allowed us to support 29 net new U.S. stores, 16 net new locations in Japan, and substantially increased sales levels with only this moderate additional inventory investment.  Cash and short-term investments stood at $538 million, as compared with $505 million a year ago. It should be noted that the 2006 fiscal year end cash balance reflects the repurchase of over $600 million of Coach common stock during the fiscal year.  Accounts receivable balances rose $19 million or 29%, while days sales outstanding remained constant at only 33 days.  Net cash from operating activities in the fourth quarter was $195 million, compared to $132 million last year during Q4. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was an inflow of $161 million, versus $101 million in the same period last year, primarily driven by higher net income. Our CapEx spending, primarily for new stores and renovations, was $34 million, versus $31 million in the fourth quarter a year ago.  For all of fiscal year 2006, net cash from operating activities was $597 million compared to $476 million a year ago. Free cash flow in fiscal year '06 was an inflow of $463 million, versus $381 million in fiscal year '05; while CapEx spending totaled $134 million, again primarily for new stores and expansions.  Now I would like to provide you with some of our goals for fiscal 2007. Our current goals for the full fiscal year are:  Net sales growth of at least 19% to at least $2.5 billion, with at least 10% comparable store sales gains in both the U.S. retail and factory channels.  A total sales increase in Japan of about 20% in constant currency, which would translate to sales of about $500 million, assuming a flat exchange rate, driven primarily by distribution growth through new store openings and expansions augmented by mid single-digit same location sales growth.  An operating margin of nearly 37% which will result in operating income dollar growth of over 20% above FY06 levels.  Interest income of about $35 million, about flat to FY06, will add to pre-tax income. While net income will be somewhat offset by a higher tax rate rising to about 38.5%, due to the fact that incremental taxable income is being taxed at higher rates.  Including these factors, we expect to generate EPS growth of at least 22% which will produce earnings per share of at least $1.55 compared with the analyst consensus estimate of $1.53.  For FY07 we expect CapEx to rise to about $150 million, primarily for new stores and expansions both here and in Japan. As Lew noted, we'll be opening at least 35 new U.S. retail and factory stores and continuing our North American expansion programs. In Japan, we'll be opening about 15 to 20 net new locations.  For the first fiscal quarter of FY07, we are targeting net sales of about $535 million, representing a year-over-year increase of at least 19%, with U.S. comparable store sales gains of at least 10% in the retail channel and mid-teens in the factory channel. Operating income up at least 21% year-over-year, and earnings per share of at least $0.30, an increase of about 25%.  While these are our current goals, our actual results may vary from these targets based upon a number of factors, including those discussed under The Business of Coach, Inc. and risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K. Coach also does not assume any obligation to update these targets as the year progresses.  In summary, we're confident that our growth strategies will enable us to continue to gain share in the large and growing global market for client accessories and gifts. Thank you, everyone for your attention and now Lew, Andrea and I would be happy to take some questions. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Operator, let's open it up for questions. Please note that we will allow one question each per analyst and if necessary a clarifying follow-up. Thanks. Let's open it up. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Bob Drbul - Lehman Brothers. 
 Bob Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Good morning. Have you seen anywhere within your business in either full price or the factory, any change in traffic trends throughout the quarter, up to where we are today? Based on the macro environment that's out there with gas prices, et cetera? 
Lew Frankfort: Good question. First on the full-priced side, interestingly we've seen an acceleration in same-store sales, same-store traffic during July. Traffic was running modestly ahead during the fourth quarter and it's running ahead -- somewhat higher traffic, that is.  In terms of full-priced traffic, which has been running substantially ahead of last year during FY06, that trend continues through July on the factory side. So if anything, strengthening of same-store traffic on the full-priced side and same excellent traffic increases on the factory side. 
 Bob Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Okay. One clarifier for Mike. Can you give a little bit more color on the inventory levels, maybe by channel and where you are with that? 
Mike Devine: Sure. A few of the metrics I like to look at -- and we didn't include it in the prepared remarks -- inventory levels are especially clean coming out of Q4. Again, a metric that I like to look at is what percentage of sell-through in the factory channel was discontinued full-priced merchandise versus merchandise manufactured for factory? We actually hit a record high in Q4 on that metric of 81%. So I think that's the single most important thing that I look at to see how clean the inventories are.  We are going in very well positioned, having built for our fall selling, some timing of receipts we got in earlier this year versus last. But the inventories are exceptionally clean right now. 
 Bob Drbul - Lehman Brothers: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs. 
 Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Hi, congrats on another great year. 
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Margaret. 
 Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: I just wanted to ask about the outlook for next year, in particular your goal of achieving 10% same-store sales in both channels of distribution. Can you just talk about what gives you confidence that you can achieve that over the course of four quarters?  And the fact that you've been doing very well for so long, but comparisons are not easy. Is there a price component? Traffic? What are you assuming to build into those comps in the next fiscal year?  I have a question on your leveraging of your marketing expense. Can you just go over what's going on there, particularly as you talked about one of the keys that is building traffic is marketing. How do you balance the spend on marketing against that objective to build traffic? Thanks. 
Lew Frankfort: First, Margaret, Coach continues to be fortunate in that we're participating in a rapidly growing market. I commented that sales in premium accessories grew by at least 10% in the first half of calendar 2006. While we've been able to outpace the growth, we're nevertheless participating in a significant growth category.  Second, we're benefiting from a very strong consumer franchise that's very loyal, that visits our stores very regularly. As I commented in the earlier question, where our traffic in same-store sales, same-store traffic continues to rise.  More generally, on the product front, the three new lifestyle platforms are very significant. As we indicated, we have not introduced a new lifestyle platform in more than a year. This year we're introducing three. The first one, Signature Stripe, is off to a fantastic start.  We're looking to see growth in comp store sales coming from all three key metrics. We're looking for traffic to continue to run ahead of last year. We're looking for conversion to come in at a higher rate, and we're also looking at an average ticket that is higher than last year, driven to some extent by UPTs, to some extent by limited edition product and so on. So we're very bullish. 
Mike Devine: In terms of leveraging our marketing expense, Margaret, for another year in FY06, we saw very small increases in absolute spending in our marketing and got leverage of about 20 basis points both for the quarter and the year. We really continue to execute our catalog, our website and our media spend consistent year-over-year and it's just becoming increasingly more and more efficient. 
 Margaret Mager - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Lew Frankfort: You're welcome. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeffrey Edelman – UBS. 
 Jeffrey Edelman – UBS: Thank you, good morning. Great job. Mike, could you discuss with us the profile of the new stores that you're opening? It looks like the average size is about 3,300 square feet. In terms of sales productivity and what kind of four-wall contribution you're realizing as you start to branch out into some smaller markets?  Secondly, is there further to go in terms of sourcing efficiencies and mix to aid gross margins into the new year? Thank you. 
Lew Frankfort: Let me jump in just for clarification, when we talk about the store base growing by at least 100,000 feet, Jeff, that also included factory stores. It wasn't just the 30 full-priced stores, and it also included expansions. So on the full-priced side, we're still averaging somewhere between 2,300 and 2,500 square feet for a full-priced store. I think the factory side store is larger at 3,500 square feet. So the store size is not increasing. The model we have is working extremely well. 
Mike Devine: Jeff, as you well know our new stores are about as productive and profitable as I think any in retail, with our full-priced new store openings paying back on a cash basis in well less than two years, and our factories in under a full year.  In fact, I just looked this morning in prep for the call and our sales per square foot across the full chain, full priced retail chain were up above $1,200 per square foot in FY06 for the first time ever and an even higher level than that, up above $2,000 per square foot in the factory channel for the new year.  So as we continue to drive comps through the existing stores and add productive new stores to the base, we're seeing our average square footage continue to increase. So we're very pleased with our new store and their performance.  If I can go back to your questions around profitability, we are confident and feel very good about our continued growth of our operating margins. As we just talked about, we saw a 440 basis point improvement this quarter alone in operating margins, with an assist from gross margin and we continue to leverage SG&A very nicely. So we are thrilled with our gross margin rates. They're extraordinary and most importantly sustainable, and we'll continue to drive operating income growth through that line and through SG&A leverage. 
Jeffrey Edelman – UBS: Great. Thank you. 
Lew Frankfort: You're welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse. 
 Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Hi guys. 
Lew Frankfort: Hi Paul. 
 Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Seeing the gross margin, it seemed to come in above plan, maybe slightly. Just wondering how that happens, since factory, which dragged margin down; also the comps in the factory really came in, I would imagine, above plan. So I'm just wondering where the incremental margin came from? Is there perhaps an even greater opportunity to expand margin on the factory side than originally thought? 
Mike Devine: Sure, Paul, I think the primary driver is that each business unit within its own showed marked year-over-year improvement, including factory up more than 100 basis points against itself a year earlier. A couple other things work nicely in our favor, our hedge contracts were effective so the negative impact of currency in Japan came in better than our expectations and our supply chain continues to do an outstanding job as we realize some working cost benefits above our own expectations. So all those things taken together allowed us to beat our gross margin rate against our projections. 
 Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Can you tell us when your share repurchase window closed during the quarter and when it opens again, or no? 
Mike Devine: Closed on Friday June 15th and it will reopen this Thursday. 
 Paul Lejuez - Credit Suisse: Thanks guys, good luck. 
Lew Frankfort: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch. 
 Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning. 
Lew Frankfort: Good morning, Lorraine. 
 Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch: Could you talk about your expectations for free cash flow in 2007 and walk us through your priorities on how to use it? 
Mike Devine: Sure. We expect another robust year for free cash flow. We're going to continue to drive higher net income, obviously, with the increase in our earnings per share. Our primary use for that cash will be to enable us to continue to drive the growth in the business through CapEx investments for new stores and expansions, and also technology gains where we can apply them to increase our efficiency and leverage our SG&A.  As you know, we've also been aggressive buyers of our own stock at the appropriate levels as we just talked about. We did $600 million last fiscal year. So I would anticipate that that will be another primary use for our cash in FY07. 
 Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, just a quick follow-up on Japan. You spoke about some rapid market share gains. Can you just talk about who you think you're taking the market share from? 
Lew Frankfort: It's a good question, Lorraine. We prefer not to mention specific competitors. There are some brands that are growing and there are some brands that are slowing. On average the market is flat and we're up 20%. We prefer not to be more specific than that. 
 Lorraine Maikis - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities. 
 Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities: Thank you. Congratulations on another great quarter. 
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Christine. 
 Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities: I think in the past you had given metrics on how much average ticket or average transaction was up, and then the percentage of limited edition versus the year before. I was just wondering if I can get those numbers. 
Lew Frankfort: What we have done is provide directional numbers, and as I said earlier, our average ticket was up, driven by a combination of factors. In part driven by an increase in UPTs; in part by limited edition product rises; and lastly, by higher prices due to more sophisticated make. 
Mike Devine: What we had talked about is ticket was high single-digits and then we got up to 10.9 also being helped by conversion, modest improvements in conversion and traffic. But the biggest driver again in Q4 was our AUR, and that was driven in part by an increase year-over-year in limited edition, where we grew to about 4% of our full-priced sales, up from 3%. But also very importantly our middle tier of product offering, our novelty product offering, was up significantly by I think more than 20 points of penetration year-over-year. That also helped us to drive the high single-digit increase in AUR. 
 Christine Chen - Pacific Growth Equities: Great. Thank you so much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anwan Hombula - HSBC. 
 Anwan Hombula – HSBC: Yes, good morning and congratulations. I had a question regarding the P&L, the SG&A leverage, which was strong during the year and even stronger during Q4. Is there a way of splitting it out between the out-performance of factory versus full-priced retail and also the contribution of Japan? I know you made a lot of efforts there following the integration of CGI. How much is linked to that and how much can we expect in this current year? 
Mike Devine: Sure, the primary drivers of the SG&A leverage in Q4 were firstly Coach Japan for the quarter had tremendous SG&A leverage driven by top line sales growth, but also the fact that we did not anniversary a significant marketing effort in last year's Q4, where we spent about $5 million on a Play for Peace concert that again did not get anniversaried.  Secondly, you're right on point, the tremendous leverage that the factory channel is providing with its 29% comp, and plus 30% overall growth also drove significant SG&A leverage as well as all of our centralized activities, our distribution functions, the marketing that Margaret asked about earlier. So we really had it all come together for us nicely in Q4. 
 Anwan Hombula – HSBC: Can you just remind us of the guidance on the gross margin on the SG&A level for this year? 
Mike Devine: Our guidance for FY07 is to continue to expand operating margin, up somewhere in the neighborhood of about 50 basis points year-over-year, sustaining our extraordinary gross margin rates and gaining leverage through our SG&A. 
 Anwan Hombula – HSBC: Thank you. 
Lew Frankfort: You're welcome. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Rouleau - Wachovia. 
 John Rouleau – Wachovia: Wondering with the launch of three new platforms this year, will you actually be increasing the number of platforms that you're delivering year-over-year? Will you begin to scale something else back? What's happening on the SKU side in terms of the new platforms? 
Lew Frankfort: Excellent question. Actually, we do expect to see some modest increase in SKU count, but since we have fixed real estate, we try to make everything work extremely productively. So part of our notion, for example, this fall with the Legacy launch is to actually reduce the amount of space that we devote to men's products, especially in a select number of our flagship stores, so that we can create Legacy shops.  Second, we're going to take a sharper look at the number of styles and SKUs we offer in the established platforms, in order to narrow them to make shelf space for the new collections. What we will probably do in FY08, assuming success of these established platforms, is look for ways to integrate perhaps two of the platforms into one. That is an existing one, for example, Hampton’s Weekend and Signature Stripe might very well be integrated in the following fiscal year, taking the best of both. 
 John Rouleau – Wachovia: Just as a follow-up for clarification, does that mean the number of deliveries will actually, on the handbag side, increase in FY07 or will we get shorter intervals between deliveries? 
Lew Frankfort: Deliveries will remain constant. Basically we do 12 major floor sets a year and that will continue. We also do 12 deliveries, as you know. 
 John Rouleau – Wachovia: Great. Thanks. Keep up the great work. 
Lew Frankfort: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Glick - Buckingham Research Group. 
 David Glick - Buckingham Research Group: Good morning and another congratulations. Any change during the quarter in terms of the customer cross-shopping between the full-priced stores in the U.S. and the factory channel? Is that still hovering around 20%? Is there any delta there? 
Lew Frankfort: The short answer is no, we've done a lot of deep probes using a lot of different methods to look at what the crossover is, and is the rate changing? The bottom line is that it's not changing. What we're finding, as I mentioned earlier, is that two-thirds of the increase in comps is actually coming from increased conversion of the people who were visiting the stores, as well as higher ticket; with the remaining one-third coming from people who are new to our database. A good portion of those consumers are new to the Coach franchise making their entry in the factory sector -- which doesn't surprise us -- since 85% of goods sold in America are sold on sale. It's not unusual since we don't go on sale in full-priced. Some of the aspirational or value-oriented consumers would seek us out in factory. 
 David Glick - Buckingham Research Group: Great. Thank you very much. 
Lew Frankfort: You're welcome. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Hurley - Telsey Advisory Group. 
 Jim Hurley - Telsey Advisory Group: Good morning and congratulations on a great quarter and year. The first question is about the SG&A leverage and in particular, how much would you say you're getting from new in-store systems, like the client track and smart scheduling? 
Mike Devine: It's a great question, Jim, and I would have to say we don't disaggregate it to that level. But we are absolutely seeing a pick up in our store staff spending far less time on their administrative functions dealing back with corporate, dealing with maintenance of the store, et cetera. So we haven't broken it down. But it's clearly a significant player in what's going on in the stores. We're able to do more with less. I'm sorry, I don't have a hard number for you. 
 Jim Hurley - Telsey Advisory Group: That's fine. Is that only in place in the full priced retail stores? 
Mike Devine: No, it's in factory as well. 
 Jim Hurley - Telsey Advisory Group: The second question was on UPT trends and how they compared to your expectations, especially for Mother's Day? 
Lew Frankfort: Our UPTs as we commented some time ago was up for Mother's Day and was up for the quarter, and we've been running at a higher level of UPTs for the last six or nine months, and that trend we expect to continue during FY07. Certainly with the launch of jewelry and fragrance in the second half of FY07, that's going to augment UPTs.  In addition, these three lifestyle collections have incredibly powerful components of accessories, wallets, wristlets, scarves, wearables, footwear and the like. When we look at Signature Stripe running at about 15% of our sales in our full-priced stores, about 5% of that alone is accessories. Our intention with these other two collections, as I mentioned, is to have a full range of lifestyle accessories. 
Operator: Our final question comes from Evran Coppleman - JP Morgan. 
 Evran Coppleman - JP Morgan: First question, we're looking at the difference between the 23% growth in sales in the direct to consumer business and the 18.5% comp growth, and the 5% delta versus your double-digit square footage growth. We're wondering why you're not getting more contribution from the double-digit square footage growth? Secondly, you've had such strong growth in the category of accessories over the last number of years, when will the cycle slow? What are the drivers of the growth in if category, if you can comment on that. Thank you. 
Lew Frankfort: Let me do the second part first. It's an interesting question, and we ask consumers all the time what they're thinking about relative to accessories. The reality is that we don't see this as a cycle -- that is, the increase in the role of accessories. This is the first time that accessories has really grown at a rate much faster than overall apparel spend.  Women really see accessories as a much more important component of their wardrobing, and they're using accessories to update their wardrobe in the same way they use to purchase apparel. They tell us that and they behave that way. What consumers tell us they're looking for is innovation, relevance and value.  For example, even during the holiday period, when we ask consumers what they were considering besides Coach, whether they made a purchase of Coach or not, very few people talked about other accessories, and no one talked about apparel. Candidly they talked about buying iPods and the new Nano or DVDs, days at the spa and so on. All these products have in common innovation and relevance.  The other thing I'd like to say is in our FY07 projections and beyond, we're only anticipating 3% to 5% category growth. So we're not expecting the category to continue to grow robust in our conservative planning, but the reality is that it's up over 10% in the first half of this calendar year, and we expect to see double-digit growth continuing. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: In terms of the difference in spread between comp gains and DTC sales, I'm sure you realize that there are several contributors to this spread between comps and DTC sales, including the timing and contribution of new store openings as you suggested, there are seasonal factors. There's the performance of non-brick and mortar channels like the Internet, and, of course, you've got to remember that CJI is now included in BTC so you've got all sorts of other items including currency fluctuations and, of course, CJI's comps that come into it. 
 Evran Coppleman - JP Morgan: Thank you. 
Andrea Shaw Resnick: That will conclude our conference call. As always, Mike and I will be available for call back throughout the day today. I look forward to speaking with you and have a great rest of the summer. 
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, everybody. 
Operator: That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for joining.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-04-25 15:15:00) =====
Executives: Lew Frankfort, Chairman and CEO   Mike Devine, Senior VP and CFO   Andrea Shaw Resnick, VP Investor Relations and Corporate Communications
Analysts: Bob Drbul, Lehman Brothers   Jeff Edelman, UBS Securities   Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs   Dana Telsey, Telsey Advisory Group,   Dana Cohen, Bank of America   David Schick, Stifel Nicolaus   Neely Tamminga, Piper Jaffray,   Anwan Hombula, HSBC   Christine Chen, Pacific Growth Equities   John Rilow, Wachovia Securities   Everyn Copland, JP Morgan
Operator: Welcome to the Coach Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I’d like to turn the call over to the Vice President of Investor Relations at Coach, Miss Andrea Shaw Resnick, you may begin.
Presentation:
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning and thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach’s Chairman and CEO and Mike Devine, Coach’s CFO. Before we begin we must point that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements including projections for our business in the current and future quarters or fiscal years. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest Annual Report on Form 10K for a specific list of these risk factors. Also, please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. We presently expect to update our estimates each quarter only; however, the failure to update this information should not be taken as Coach’s acceptance of these estimates on a continuing basis. Coach may also choose to discontinue presenting any future estimates at any time. Now let me outline this quarter’s speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will begin with an overall summary of our third quarter fiscal 2006 results as well as our strategies going forward. Mike Devine will then follow with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter as well as our outlook for the fourth quarter, full fiscal year 2006 and our initial guidance for fiscal 2007. Following Mike, we will hold a question and answer session that will conclude by 9:30 a.m. I would now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach’s Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks Andrea and good morning everyone. I am again delighted to report that Coach continues to achieve excellent results. As we approach our 6th anniversary as a public company, it’s important to note that we have achieved double digit sales and earnings growth consistently in every quarter. This performance speaks to the sustainability of Coach’s business model, our ability to effectively execute our strategies, and most importantly, the strength and endurance of the Coach brand which rests on three core brand equities: public innovation, relevance and excellent value. This morning we reported excellent quarterly results as a 20% increase in sales, combined with an improvement in margins, continued to drive the bottom line. The highlights of our third fiscal quarter were: first, net income rose 35% to $109 million or $.28 per diluted share; this compared with $81 million or $.21 per share in the year ago period and the consensus estimate for the quarter of $.27 per share. Second, net sales totaled $498 million, up 20%. Third, direct to consumer sales, which consists primarily of sales at Coach Stores in the U.S. and Japan, rose 22% to $374 million during the third quarter. Fourth, comparable store sales in the U.S. rose 21.1% with retail stores up 11.7% and factory stores up 34%. It’s worth noting that based on our four year comp, retail stores are twice as productive as they were at FY02. Finally, Japan sales rose 23% in local currency, driven by new stores and expansions and high single digit comps. Dollar sales in Japan, impacted by the weakening Yen, rose 10%. During the quarter, we opened 3 new retail stores in the US, all in new markets for Coach: Naples, FL; Albany, NY; and Reno, NV. We also opened one new factory store in Sawgrass Mills, FL and closed one in Charleston, NC. Thus, we entered the quarter with a total of 206 retail stores and 84 factory stores. In Japan, Coach opened 3 net new retail locations and expanded 2 additional locations as well. At quarter end, there were 115 total locations in Japan. Indirect sales rose 14% to $124 million from $109 million in the same period last year. All indirect businesses, including international wholesale, special markets and US wholesale contributed to this increase. In the United States department store sales growth sales at POS continued to be excellent with comp sales running up over 20% last quarter and total sales up about 17%; after accounting for the closure of locations as a result of the Federated/May merger. As mentioned last quarter, we continue to see intensified competition in accessories as this category remains one of the few bright spots within US department stores. However, we welcome new entrants into our arena as a means to drive additional consumer interest and are confident we will continue to demonstrate our ability to outpace the competition over time. Further, as we have often discussed, US consumers are extremely loyal to their handbag brands. Thus, Coach as the US market leader with a broad and diversified consumer base, continues to be in an ideal situation to take advantage of this strong category growth. Naturally, we are very pleased by the strength demonstrated across all of our full-priced channels once again this quarter. Our excellent US retail comps reflect category growth and modest market share gains as our business was primarily driven by well received monthly new product flow, while average transaction size, traffic and conversion all rose in the period. As was the case in the holiday quarter, units per transaction contributed to the gain in our average sale reflecting the success of add-on items, such as charms, iPod covers and cell phone lanyards. In factory stores, we continue to experience exceptional comp store sales, driven by a strong merchandise offering with an increased level of factory exclusives tailored to the more classic factory consumer. In addition, our sales also benefited from the overall vibrancy of premium factory centers. As we’ve mentioned before, there is limited crossover between the full-price and factory consumer, as each is dedicated to her respective channel; focusing 80% of her Coach spend in her preferred environment. And, of course, we were delighted with the strength in Japan where we continue to grow our footprint significantly. As some of you know, I had a chance to visit Japan during this quarter and now believe that our opportunity there, notably in markets with limited outright luxury brand development, may well be larger than we originally envisioned. Throughout the quarter, consumers enthusiastically embraced our transitional and string offerings across categories and collections, as the look of our assortment continues to evolve to reflect changing consumer preferences. These included: Gallery Satchels, an updated Hampton’s Collection, including signature striped carryalls, and the novel Poppy Group of totes, demi’s and accessories. In February, our fresh interpretation of Soho sold exceptionally well as did a new group of shoulder totes, an important key item Silhouette throughout spring. Our Valentine’s Day selling results were very strong, anchored by a studded Soho signature group accented with red and pink suedes including an assortment of add-on items such as wallets, scarves, charms and key fobs. After Valentine’s Day, we introduced the new Hampton’s Weekend Collection, including a distinctive patchwork design which became an instant success. During the quarter, our limited edition offerings performed very well, including the Hampton’s Vintage Carryall at $598 and the new Legacy Leather Shoulder Tote at $798. As mentioned in our Press Release, our business in April has continued to be strong. As always, we have a strong mix of fresh and innovative products in the pipeline. In April, our Soho Optics signature fabrication was introduced in a seasonal palette in several strong selling handbag styles as well as in footwear, scarves, and hats. In addition, straw totes and hobos in our important Legacy Silhouettes were also introduced. For May, we are now launching a new summer program including soft totes in Classic Signature and new seasonal Gradient Signature as well as Optical Signature shoulder totes. And, coming in June will be a new signature patchwork and tie-dye group, both perennial favorites. Clearly, we have delivered on every key metric. And while our past successes have been noteworthy, we believe that we’re only just approaching the half way mark in terms of organic growth as a monogram focused on delivering accessible, luxury accessories to a broad and loyal consumer base. While we have often discussed our four key growth strategies, they can be summarized into two primary drivers of top line growth, which are focused in achieving continued rapid growth during the years ahead, namely distribution growth and improved productivity. First on distribution, the opportunities for Coach are abundant both in our core North American and Japanese markets and in emerging markets as well; notably, the rest of Asia. We have begun to see widespread recognition of the Coach brand by Asian consumers. Today we have about 75 locations through distributors in markets such as Hong Kong, Korea, Taiwan and Thailand to name a few. By the end of this fiscal year we will have added a net total of about 55 new Coach locations globally. This includes nearly 30 in the US, consisting of 25 full-price stores and a net of 3 factory stores; 14 in Japan and 12 through international wholesale, bringing our global total to about 525 locations, excluding US department stores. In addition, we will have expanded over 20 US and Japanese Coach operating locations and 15 international wholesale locations. In FY07 we plan to open about 85 net new locations globally, increasing our US full-price openings to at least 30 along with about 5 US factory stores, 15-20 locations in Japan and an additional 30 locations through our international distributors, primarily in Asia. This will be augmented by our plans to expand about 30-35 Coach operated locations in the US and Japan and about 12 international locations. Thus by the end of next fiscal year we expect to stand at about 610 Coach locations globally, excluding US department store doors.  Our square footage is expected to grow about 20% next year to nearly 1.4 million sq. feet as a result of these new openings and expansions. Beyond FY07, the potential for distribution growth remains significant. As you know, we believe we can bring our number of North American full-price stores from about 200 today to more than 350 over the next several years at an accelerated pace of at least 30 locations annually. In terms of factory stores in the US, our plans are to open 3-5 net new stores annually getting to about 105 locations from the current 84. In Japan, we have about 110 locations today and now believe that our potential is well over the 150 locations that we have cited in the past if we can realize the regional potential. We are currently assessing this opportunity given the success of our new stores in these very underdeveloped markets where during the first few months of operation half of shoppers note that they are new to the Coach brand. It’s worth mentioning that included in our Japanese openings planned for this year, 10 are in new markets for Coach and 6 of these are in what we would consider regional markets with most having no luxury brand presence. In addition to our two core markets, the US and Japan, we know that mainland China will become an important market for luxury brands during our next several years as the income and consumer spending level catch up to the retail development that already exists in this market. For now, we’re focusing our development in Hong Kong which, as you know, is the gateway to greater China. During early July we will be opening a major retail store on Canton Road, our 13th location in Hong Kong. Over the next two fiscal years we’re planning to open 4 net additional locations there. That said we are intensifying our development efforts in mainland China where we have two small stores today focused on the domestic consumer. It’s our intention to open at least 10 locations in major cities during the next 2-3 years. The other important sales driver will continue to be improving the productivity of our existing locations. We believe all three components of comp growth are still available to us. First, transaction increases through a tiered merchandise offering include higher limited edition penetration, along with driving units per transaction with a broader assortment of add-on items and potentially new flanker categories. Second, conversion through enhanced service and ensuring that we are meeting a broader array of our consumer’s accessories needs. Whether she is coming into Coach for an evening bag, a weekend carryall, a business tote, a satchel, a key fob, we will continue to offer relevance and fashion innovation at an excellent value. And finally, driving traffic, compelling presentations, excellent service, laser marketing techniques, sophisticated advertising campaigns, a dynamic website and preferred customer events such as trunk shows and pre-selling opportunities all will continue to entice her into visiting our stores. The strategies and actions I have just outlined build on the strength of our core brand and business equities. They are designed to reinforce Coach’s leadership position as an American classic lifestyle accessories brand offering accessible luxury to our consumers worldwide. Now I will turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO. Mike?
Mike Devine: Thank you Lew. Lew has just taken you though the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our third quarter results. As Lew mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased by 20% with direct to consumer up 22% an indirect up 14%. Adjusting for the impact of the weaker yen, total sales rose 23% for the period. Net income for the quarter increased 35% to $109 million or $.28 per share as compared to $81 million or $.21 per share in the year ago period. This included option expense of about $19.1 million pre-tax or $11.4 million after tax this year and $13.5 million pre-tax or $8.4 million after tax last year. Our operating income was 25% to $165 million in the third quarter versus $132 million in Q3 last year. Operating margin in the quarter was 33.2% compared to 31.8% in the year ago quarter, a 140 basis point improvement. In the third quarter our gross profit margin expanded by 20 basis points over the comparable period of the prior year from 78.1% to 78.3% of sales as gains from product mix and supply chain initiatives more than offset the impact of channel mix. The selling, general and administrative expense ratio declined 110 basis points in the quarter and represented 45.1% of sales versus 46.2% for the year earlier period. The decline in the quarterly rate was the result of achieving leverage throughout our business. All selling units taken together saw the year over year spending rate decline and we also continued to leverage the top line volume in all of our centralized functions. It should also be mentioned that the strength of US factory stores helped reduce the expense ratio during the quarter .given the exceptional leverage of this channel and its low relative SG&A level in comparison to our full-price retail channel. In fact, the strength of factory had a net impact of 50 basis points on our operating margin during the third quarter. Inventory levels at quarter end were $210 million -- $30 million were only 16% above prior year levels. We are pleased that we were able to support the 20% increase in quarterly sales, the 24 net new US stores, 9 net new Japan locations and 13 total expansions all of which opened in the last 12 months with this modest increase in inventory. Accounts Receivable balances rose to approximately $27 million driven0 by sales gains in all channels. Base sales outstanding at quarter end actually improved by a day from 36 days last year to a day sales of 35 during Q3 of this year. We ended the third quarter with $838 million of cash and marketable securities up from $694 million a year ago and, of course, essentially no debt. The company repurchased 499,500 shares of common stock at and average cost of $36.64 during the third fiscal quarter bringing our year to date total to 3,463,700 shares repurchased at an average cost of $32.85. As of the end of Q3, approximately $136 million remain available for future repurchases under the existing program which expires in May 2007. Net cash from operating activities in the third quarter was $98 million compared to $101 million generated last year during Q3 balanced slightly year over year due to unusual inter-quarter timing of working capital. On a year to date basis, cash from operating activities was actually up nearly $60 million to $402 million. Free cash flow in the third quarter was $49 million versus $84 million in the same period last year primarily due to increased CAPX spending. However, it also was up on a year to date basis. CAPX spending primarily in investments in corporate facilities and for new stores and renovations was $49 million versus $17 million in the same quarter a year ago. We now believe our CapEx for FY06 will rise to about $140 million as we lay the groundwork and build the infrastructure to accommodate the accelerated distribution growth in the years ahead. As you know, the majority of the increase from last year’s $95 million is due to our capitalizing of some outstanding real estate opportunities both here an in Japan. We are also investing in our corporate facilities here in New York including expanding our space for the QA Lab, sample making unit and product archives, as well as in our distribution center in Jacksonville. As Lew noted, for the full fiscal year we will be opening approximately 30 new US retail and factory stores and continuing our North America expansion programs. In Japan, we will be opening 14 net new locations including a Flagship location in Kobe. Now I would like to provide you with our goals for the fourth fiscal quarter and full fiscal year as well as our initial guidance for FY07. For the fourth quarter ending July 1, 2006 we are targeting sales growth of at least 20% over $500 million with US comparable store sales gains of at least 10% in each channel and mid single digit comps in Japan, an operating margin for the quarter which will be about 300 basis points above the year ago level with grow margins increasing modestly and as expected most of the operating margins and expansion resulting from the substantially lower SG&A expense ratio versus last year’s forth quarter. These factors taken together should result in earnings per share of $.28 versus $.23 a year ago and increase of 22%. Excluding the $7 million fiscal year 05 Q4 tax benefit which impacted last year’s quarter by nearly $.02, this would equate to a gain of 32%. All of which translates for the full fiscal year to net sales growth of about 23% to about $2.1 billion. The gross margin north of 77% versus 76.6% reported in FY05, a significant improvement of over 100 basis points in SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales on a year over year basis resulting in over 200 basis point improvement on our operating margin to about 36%. Therefore, in FY06 operating income is expected to grow by about 30% over FY05, resulting in earnings per share of $1.25; a gain of 36% from the $.92 reported in FY05 and compared with consensus estimate of $1.24. Our preliminary goals for the full fiscal year 2007 are: Net sales growth of about 19% to $2.5 billion with a lead high digit comparable stores sales gain in both the US retail and factory channels and mid-single digit com location sales in Japan, and with our continued focus on profitability, pre tax income dollar growth of nearly 23% over FY06. Two factors will somewhat moderate that growth on the EPS line in 2007. First, a higher share account brought about by option exercises and secondly, a higher tax rate rising to about 38.5% due to the fact that incremental taxable income is being taxed at higher rates. All of this taken together will produce net income growth of over 21% net and earnings per share of $1.50, up 20% from the $1.25 targeted for FY06 and $.02 above the current consensus of $1.48. While these are our current goals our actual results may vary from these targets based on a number of factors including those discussed under the business of Coach and risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10K. Coach also does not assume any obligation to update these targets as the year progresses. In summary, we’re confident that our growth strategies will enable us to continue to gain share in the large and growing global market for fine accessories. Thank you for your attention. Now Lew, Andrea and I will be happy to take some questions.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Please note that to accommodate the most analysts during our Q&A session, we ask that you keep it one question and one directly related follow up per analyst. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and if you do have a question, please press star followed by 1 on your touchtone phone, star 2 to remove that question. Again, star 1 if you have a question. Our first question comes from Bob Drbul from Lehman Brothers, sir your line is open.
Bob Drbul: Hi, good morning.
Lew Frankfort: Good morning Bob.
Bob Drbul: Lew, can you talk a little bit more about your willingness to step up and accelerate the global distribution and sort of what that implies for the growth rate over the next few years at the top line in your expectations?
Lew Frankfort: Sure. As you know, during the last several years our planned top line growth is about 20% and the wind’s been at our back and we realized our flaws in that in each of our prior years. As we look at the strength of the Coach brand, it’s obvious to us that we have the opportunity today to accelerate development both in North America as well as Japan and in emerging markets for a whole series of reasons. This year for example we’re opening about 25 Coach full price stores in the US. Approximately 12 are in new markets and they’re performing extremely well and we believe that the opportunity for us to open stores just continues to grow in the United States both in new and existing markets. In Japan as I mentioned, we have been exploring regional department store opportunities and the numbers that we’re generating from these stores are extremely strong and in many of these instances there is no other luxury brand presence and when we open we find long queues of consumers thanking us for coming to their market and that gives us great opportunity well beyond the 150 locations we have identified as a potential in Japan. Moving to the rest of Asia, as our brand continues to develop among domestic consumers, we see the opportunities as being very rich and it’s our intention to seize them.
Bob Drbul: Okay great, then just one follow up. On the quarter, the gross margin was up year over year but it was a little lower than the expectation and I was wondering if you might be able to elaborate a little bit more on that?
Mike Devine: Bob, I’ll take that. I guess I would start by saying that we were very, very happy with our profit rate in Q3. The 33.2% op income is a record op income rate for non holiday. We beat last year’s rate by 140 basis points. We beat our guidance by 100 basis points. We just projected Q4 up nearly 300 basis points and guidance a higher rates of profitability for FY07, so we really feel pretty good about our rate of profitability improvement. As we said before, with gross margin rates now approaching 80%, as we look at opportunities for future profit improvement, most of that improvement is going to come from the SG&A line. So we’re feeling pretty good where we sit today.
Bob Drbul: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Edelman with UBS Securities.  Your line is open.
Jeff Edelman: Thank you, good morning. Lew would you discuss the distributorship you have internationally? Are these largely airport locations or free standing and what are the dynamics of ultimately acquiring those?
Lew Frankfort: Sue. First most of our international locations are located within strong urban areas and we do have a small number with an airport location, they are a combination of free standing stores and Coach shops within department stores. We have a time limited performance based arrangement with our distributors where we control the store design as well as approve location selection and play a strong role in visual merchandising, training and support. And our intention is to utilize the expertise of local distributors as we learn a particular market.
Jeff Edelman: Okay, so there’s no intention ultimately by these distributors to bring some of the growth internally?
Lew Frankfort: I didn’t say that.
Jeff Edelman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Margaret Mager with Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Margaret Mager: Hi, it’s Margaret. Congratulations on 16 consecutive terrific quarters.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Margaret Mager: I would like to ask about the sales growth in the full price stores, if there’s any call outs on regional differences or flagship versus fashion stores versus core stores? Like any more color on the performance of the full price stores would be appreciated, and then related to that, Lew, your customer relationship marketing program if you could talk about what you’re doing on that front as far as engaging your best customers in a more profound way and what your plan is for Mother’s Day. Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: Absolutely. First in terms of regional differences, as is always the case certain regions perform better than others and what we’ve seen over the last 18-24 months is that the underdeveloped regions in the south, SE Atlanta, Florida and Texas are going to continue to out pace the rest of the country. We continue at the same time across the entire mid-west to enjoy excellent sales results. The only notable soft spot in performance is in Hawaii, where the weaker yen and a lower in-bound travel is affecting Japanese sales within this particular market. As far as preferred customers are concerned, we as you know have an incredibly loyal consumer base and it sometimes startles even us, who are very familiar with the brand every day. What we’re learning more and more is that our best customers do want to learn about when we’re going to introduce new products. They welcome previews and in fact very frequently we have queues outside of our stores the first day of a new floor set. And preferred customers with their local store managers often can get a peek a few days before we actually put the product out by going into the back room with our store staff. So preview events are very important for us. We do continue to acknowledge appreciation to our consumers in the form of thank you’s. We are successfully piloting what we call “preferred customer events” to select targeted narrow ranges of consumers. All of these activities strengthen the bond between Coach and our consumers and even today 90% of our consumers expect to repurchase Coach and 50% of active users cite Coach as the brand they use most often.
Margaret Mager: Mother’s Day?
Lew Frankfort: Mother’s Day, we’re expecting to increase UPT’s that’s one of the thoughts that we expressed before the holiday season and we’re doing that through a sharp range gift items which we’re introducing into our stores now, ranging from Legacy, to shoulder totes and in smaller pieces a range of scarves, key fobs, iPods, sun wear, seasonal footwear and if I could just add, we had an incredibly strong footwear season this spring and our actual comps were up over 40% in footwear, where shoes represented over 10% of our sales. In US department stores shoes actually comped over 40%, so we now see shoes as a 10% year round business for us in stores that carry footwear and we are planning starting this fall to introduce kiosk items on the 12 month basis in all of our stores. And last quarter a key item, sneaker and flip flop represented 2% of our sales in all stores. So, we are looking at footwear as an additional way to drive Mother’s Day sales.
Margaret Mager: That’s very helpful. Thanks Lew and good luck in the next quarter.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group, your line is open.
Dana Telsey: Good morning everyone and congratulations. Can you talk a little bit about pricing trends and what you expect going forward for next year and also the Special Edition and Limited Edition products which have been so successful? What are you seeing there as a percentage of the business? Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: Well first Dana, Limited Edition products last quarter was over 7% of sales compared with only 4% the year before. What we’re most excited about as we indicated earlier, is the performance in all of our stores with regard to two styles that we introduced: the Legacy Shoulder Tote as well as the Daphne Satchel. The Hampton’s Vintage Carryall also did extremely well. So what we’re finding is that there’s an appetite in all of our stores for a higher end product. With regard to average ticket which was up in the high single digits last quarter, almost a third of that was due to increased units per transaction and we expect that trend to continue in FY07 where we expect average ticket to be up mid single digits.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes with Dana Cohen from Bank of America, your line is open.
Dana Cohen: Hey, good morning guys. Just following up. I guess could you explain a little bit more the desire to accelerate the square footage growth, I mean I guess you’re creating magnitude for duration and I just want to understand that trade off.
Lew Frankfort: I’m sorry, magnitude for duration?
Dana Cohen: Correct.
Lew Frankfort: I’m not sure I know what you mean.
Dana Cohen: Well I mean you can only have X number of stores over time, so if you’re going to accelerate it (inaudible) trading years of growth and I’m just trying to understand why you want to accelerate the growth now.
Lew Frankfort: The reality is that our potential has expanded dramatically. That’s really the bottom line and indeed we believe ultimately in North America, Japan and East Asia, excluding US department store locations, we can drive our store count to well north of 800. So first the category has grown dramatically which qualifies many more locations for growth. Second, our productivity within existing stores and new stores in new markets have demonstrated the capacity for Coach well beyond what we ever dreamt could be the case and these are structural changes and we expect the appetite for accessories is going to continue unabated during the future.
Dana Cohen: And then I guess my second question would be, if I think I just want to clarify. You said the operating margin impact of factory was a positive 50 basis points; was that to operating margin not SG&A?
Lew Frankfort: Correct.
Mike Devine : Through to the op income line, Dana, it was as you would expect it had a dampening impact on gross margin rate itself, but because of the leverage that you get from that channel, more than offset that and drove 50 (inaudible) to op income.
Dana Cohen: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from David Schick of Stifel Nicolaus, your line is open.
David Schick: Hey good morning.
Lew Frankfort: Good morning David.
David Schick: I was hoping you could talk more – you were talking about the Japan business being a little bigger than you and previously expected potentially. Maybe from Mike Devine, how should we expect the operating margin of Japan to play out over multiple years as we up the size of how big that might get?
Mike Devine: David, it’s all good news let me tell you because as you I’m sure you are well aware, it’s our highest margin channel because of the premium that we’re able to get in Japan. We get good economics particularly these regional stores that we’re opening. These are going to largely be in department stores where we’re very much welcomed by the department store partners and the economics that we’re receiving in these regional marketplaces are very, very good. So it will help us to drive SG&A leverage through the centralized functions that occur in Japan and produce great global contributions on their own right. So over time it’s going to be a nice contributor to that continued op income expansion that I talked about earlier on the call.
David Schick: Okay. With the mix shift affecting the gross margin rate of change here in the States, is there a point where we should see that inflection in Japan take over to a greater degree on the gross margin line in aggregate?
Mike Devine: Again as I talked about in this rarified air of gross margin rate approaching 80% it’s really hard to call in quarter to quarter. Channel mix might push it one way or the other, but it’s really all for us about the operating income line which is what’s most important to drive over all profitability and the growth in Japan and in factory channel will both contribute to operating margin leverages which is the good news.
David Schick: Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Neely Tamminga from Piper Jaffray, your line is open.
Neely Tamminga: Great. Thanks and congratulations on 21 consecutive quarters of double digit growth.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Neely Tamminga: Lew, can you talk a little bit about the Japan locations, I’m kind of dovetailing right here onto Dave’s question. Can you talk about the composition of where you are from department store to flagship and what the opportunities are in some of your expansion of those department store locations?
Lew Frankfort: Sure. First, roughly speaking about 35% of our sales in Japan come from free standing retail stores and flagship stores and we expect that composition to largely remain the same over the next year or two. That is, 65% will come from major shops within department stores, particularly in the regional markets where we can achieve a center corp location on the first floor by the main entrance and many of these markets who are extremely pleased to have Coach join their ranks of brands. So we expect the mix to remain roughly the same. With regard to expansion, that’s a very key component of our strategy because our productivity has grown so dramatically over the last five years in Japan that many of our installations are substantially too small to carry the broad array of Coach and we are systematically identifying those locations that offer the greatest upside potential and are sequencing them in our expansion plan. I believe next year we are planning to expand roughly 10 or 12 locations.
Neely Tamminga: Thanks Lew, good luck.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Uran Rombing from HSBC, your line is open
Anwan Hombula: Hi, good morning, Anwan Hombula from HSBC Congratulations. I have just a question on market shares today. Where do they stand in the US and Japan? Given the good news on Japan have you updated your targets in terms of market share for the years to come?
Lew Frankfort: Sure. First, in the United States we have about 24-25% on market share among our target consumers and this market share is negligibly up over the last few years because of the very strong category growth that we experienced in the United States. Last year in calendar 2005 we estimate that category growth approached 20% and in 2004 it approached 30%. So our market share hasn’t grown very dramatically in the United States, rather our opportunity has instead. With regard to Japan, our outlook continues to be to double our business in Japan over the next 4-5 years and we expect market share as a target which we’ve cited in the past to reach about 15% at that point. Today our market share is somewhere between 8-9%.
Anwan Hombula: Okay, thank you. Just on the US, the difference between the comp growth at full price retail and factory, when do you expect actually the trends to reverse, i.e. full price retail having comps above the factory comps?
Lew Frankfort: It’s a good question. To some extent it’s a marketplace driven to some extent, it’s something we can easily control and we expect comps to level off between factory and full price sometime in the second half of calendar 2007 or the beginning of 2008. What we are experiencing is catch up in the factory channel. We’re a few years behind where we are in the full price channel in that we enjoyed incredible growth for a number of years in the full price channel while we were only experiencing single digit growth in factory. Now that we put some focus against the factory channel in terms of merchandising or offering improved planning and greater focus overall, we’re now enjoying the benefits of that growth that we had enjoyed a few years ago in full price. So we expect it to level off probably in about 18 months.
Anwan Hombula: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christine Chen from Pacific Growth Equities, your line is open.
Christine Chen: Hi, thank you. Congratulations on another fabulous quarter.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Christine Chen: I wanted to ask about the jewelry business that you’ve had in stores for a little while now, how is it doing and is there a plan to grow that as a percent of the product mix?
Lew Frankfort: Well first, we really don’t have a jewelry business. We sell some signature cuffs right now, which a lot of consumers do appreciate, but we do intend to develop a capsule jewelry group and we’re actively developing that group today and are looking to introduce jewelry into our full price business and on the internet sometime in Q3, perhaps we’ll introduce some items if we’re ready by the holiday season. We think it’s going to have an impact on UPTs, a great add on capabilities. These are proprietary jewelry items which we’re developing both in the area of charms as well as bracelets, earrings, necklaces.
Christine Chen: Okay. That’s what I was referring to. The cuff bracelets which I think of as jewelry. Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from John Rilow from Wachovia Securities, your line is open.
John Rilow: Hey guys nice quarter. My question is similar to the one that was just asked on your success in shoes and some other categories. You know, it does sound like you’re expanding your product offering. Outside of jewelry, I guess there’s one other big category that you’re absent from at this point. Just wanted you to comment on your ability to perhaps continue to expand and to get into some of these newer categories?
Lew Frankfort: Would you give us a glimpse, what is that big category that we’re not yet in?
John Rilow: Well, the fragrance category.
Lew Frankfort: Ah. I thought you might have had that in mind. We’re working on that. It’s a little early to announce anything but I think you can expect that we will be in the fragrance business within the foreseeable future.
John Rilow: Okay. So kind of looking a shoes, fragrance, jewelry, does that keep you busy for a little while or can we expect you know other things over the next year, or couple of years to kind of (inaudible) stores as well.
Lew Frankfort: Well, first, we’re very busy innovating our handbags and accessories. Key to our success continues to be our ability to anticipate consumer preferences and to evolve our product offering and we think we’ve been pretty successful there as measured by any metric that one might look at. So our focus long-term will continue to be primarily on accessories, but I would be remiss if I didn’t mention that we have a great sun wear business and you might want to stop by one of our stores and look for a pair for yourself, or a friend.
John Rilow: Okay, very good, thank you.
Lew Frankfort: You’re welcome.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: We have time for one more questions.
Operator: Thank you. The last question comes from Brian Tunick from JP Morgan, sir your line is open.
Everyn Copeland: Thank you. It’s Everyn Copland for Brian. Could you talk about in the Asia markets outside of Japan where you’re planning to grow square footage? What are your marketing plans and what kind of paddock mix do you plan to put in these locations? Also what kind of operating margin do you expect and also if I can add one more, what are your plans for intermediate to longer term for your over $800 million of cash. Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: Well let me ask Mike to take the cash question.
Mike Devine: Sure. As we talked about earlier on the call, we are using the cash to reinvest in the business in a number of different ways. Most importantly, I think is in the stepping up our distribution growth by taking up the new stores for next year into the foreseeable future. Continuing of that in expansions here and in Japan and also partnering with our wholesale partners where appropriate, to invest capital to open new Coach locations globally. Of course, we’re investing also in our infrastructure both here in New York and Jacksonville and investing in our computer systems to improve our profitability by operating more efficiently. But, the other thing, of course we have out for our cash spend is our share buy back program as I mentioned we have $136 million available to us under the current program and as opportunistic buyers we’ll see us in the markets again, that’s another significant way we envision giving cash back to our shareholders.
Lew Frankfort: With regard to other markets both in Asia and elsewhere, our focus in the greater China area beyond Hong Kong and as I indicated opening up at least 10 locations on mainland China during the next 2-3 years, we’re also focusing on Taiwan, where we have a growing domestic business with their emerging middle class population. Korea is an important market for us where we’re focused both on the travel consumer and on the local consumer. And other parts of South East Asia, markets such as Singapore and Malaysia and Thailand offer small to medium size opportunities. We’re also going to be developing our presence in the middle east, where we expect to increase our locations from 2-10 next year by opening 8 additional locations. We do have 2 very successful locations in Saudi Arabia today.
Everyn Copeland: Thank you. If you can comment a little bit on your marketing plans in these markets, that could be helpful. Thank you.
Lew Frankfort: You’re welcome. Just in closing, outside the United States we’re going to be focusing on our 65th anniversary as a company. This fall season and next spring our Heritage in Authenticity as an American in New York brand plays really well in these markets and consistent to that we’re going to be introducing some updated Heritage products in the Legacy arena. We’ve introduced some precursors Silhouettes which are doing extremely well and you’ll be seeing in these markets including Japan, campaigns that are going to be focused on reminding people both of our heritage and our relevance for a grant for tomorrow.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Thank you everyone for joining us and as the market is now open, we’re going to conclude the conference call. Of course, Mike and I will be available all day for Q&A.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for calling in, you may all disconnect at this time. Thank you.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-01-25 12:45:00) =====
Executives: Andrea Shaw Resnick, Vice President, Investor Relations Lew Frankfort, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Mike Tucci, President, North American Retail Mike Devine, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Bob Drbul, Lehman Brothers Dana Telsey, Bear Stearns Margaret Mager, Goldman Sachs Jeff Edelman, UBS Securities Neely Tamminga, Piper Jaffray Mark Friedman, Merrill Lynch Christine Chen, Pacific Growth Equities Alan Obelo, HSBC Paul Lejuez, Credit Suisse First Boston Jennifer Black, Jennifer Black & Associates
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Coach conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations at Coach, Miss Andrea Shaw Resnick, you may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick, Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mike Devine, Coach's Chief Financial Officer, and Mike Tucci, President of North American Retail will also be joining us. Before we begin, we must point out that this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements, including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal year. These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions. Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties, such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences. Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of the risk factors. Also please note that the historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. We presently expect to update our estimates each quarter only; however, the failure to update this information should not be taken as Coach's acceptance of these estimates on a continuing basis. Coach may also choose to discontinue presenting future estimates at any time. Now, let me outline the speakers and topics for this conference call. Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our second fiscal quarter 2006 results and will also discuss our strategies going forward. Mike Tucci will review the holiday season from the U.S. Retail perspective and discuss key initiatives for the spring season ahead. Mike Devine will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter as well as our outlook for the second half and full fiscal year 2006. Following that, we will hold a Q&A session that will end by 9:30 a.m. I'd now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Andrea, and good morning, everyone. Once again, I'm delighted to be speaking with you today about another excellent Coach holiday performance, which evidenced the strength of the Coach franchise, our position as a gift authority and the vibrancy of the U.S. handbag and accessory category. As you know, Coach once again announced excellent sales and earnings growth of 22% and over 35% respectively for the quarter just completed. Our results are especially impressive when you consider that Coach has achieved exceptional double-digit sales growth in each of the last four holiday quarters for a CAGR of nearly 30%. Some highlights of our second fiscal quarter were--First, net income before option expense rose 36% to $183 million or $0.47 per share compared with $134 million or $0.34 per share in the prior year. Including the impact of stock option expense, net income rose 37% to $174 million or $0.45 per share compared with $127 million or $0.32 per share in the prior year. Second, net sales totalled $650 million versus 532 million a year ago, a gain of 22%. Third, direct to consumer sales, which now includes sales generated by Coach Japan, rose 21% to $504 million from 416 million in the prior year. Fourth, U.S. same-store sales for the quarter rose 19.9% with retail stores up 12.8% and factory stores up 30.2%. It's worth mentioning that in U.S. retail stores, we have achieved a double-digit comp in the second quarter in each of the last four fiscal years. And these, our full-price stores, on average are 76% more productive than they were just four holidays ago, even in this, our most developed quarter. Finally, sales in Japan rose 20% in constant currency, driven by new stores, expansions, and high single-digit retail comps as we continue to grow our market share. During the quarter, Coach opened four U.S. retail stores, including our first flagship on Rodeo Drive, which opened to much fanfare in early November. We also opened one new market for Coach, Oklahoma City. In addition, we expanded three U.S. full-price stores, Vancouver, Ft. Lauderdale, and most importantly, 595 Madison Avenue here in New York. I know that many of you have had the chance to visit our New York City flagship since it reopened and can appreciate the role of this store as a branch statement. At the end of the period, there were 203 full-priced and 84 factory stores in operation in North America. In Japan, two locations were added while two were expanded. At quarter end, there were 112 total locations in Japan. Indirect sales, which now exclude sales generated by Coach Japan, increased 26% to $146 million from 116 million in the same period last year. Results were primarily driven by strong gains in U.S. department stores, B-to-B and international wholesale sales. Coach's U.S. department store sales growth at point of sale continued to be excellent, running up over 25% last quarter. In total, we estimate that the U.S. handbag and accessory category sales grew at a robust 15% during the fall season. Clearly, we continued to see increased attention paid to the accessory category due to its sustained growth as retailers in apparel brands are looking to take advantage of the perceived opportunity in this high-margin business. We welcome this intensified competition, as it drives consumer interest, and as you know, we've continuously shown our ability to outpace the competition over time. Further, as we have often discussed, consumers are extremely loyal to their handbag brands, thus Coach, as the market leader with a broad and diversified consumer base, continues to be in an ideal position to take advantage of this significant, continuing industry growth. We were particularly pleased with the continued momentum of Coach U.S. retail stores, which enjoyed increases in average ticket and traffic while we were able to essentially maintain conversion. Results in our full-priced businesses, both Coach retail stores and U.S. department stores continued to be driven by the monthly flow of fresh and relevant product, notably handbags and women's small other goods. Our U.S. factory store business remained exceptional this quarter, reflecting the vitality of the Coach brand, the appeal of our product, our excellent value, and the strength of premium factory centers. As mentioned, we were also very pleased with the performance of Coach Japan this quarter, where sales rose 20% in Yen and 7% in dollars as our market share continued to grow. Clearly, this emphasis on distribution growth is working, given the sales gains we are achieving while rapidly growing our network. Last quarter, our growth in Japan was fueled primarily by distribution through both new stores and expansions augmented by high single-digit same retail location sales. Finally, as always, we were particularly pleased with the significant improvement in operating margins. While Mike Devine will get into more detail on our financials, I wanted to give you this recap and tell you how pleased we are with Coach's second quarter performance. As you know, I have also asked Mike Tucci to join us today to discuss our U.S. holiday sales performance and our spring initiatives. Mike?
Mike Tucci, President, North American Retail: Thank you, Lew. As mentioned in our release, our holiday offerings were remarkably well received across categories, collections, and price points. Overall sales were driven by handbags and women's accessories, while letter charms, iPod covers and cell phone lanyards were great giftables at sharp price points. In fact, during the quarter, about a third of the improvement in average transaction size came from an increase in UPT's or units per transaction, driven by this multiple price point gifting strategy. As expected, we capitalized on the trend away from brights in the marketplace, as consumers responded enthusiastically to our neutral palet, complicated by pops of red as well as the stronger patchwork statement. In addition, many of our items offered stylish embellishments, such as metallics, fur, and beading. Specifically, our key item strategy was a success. As you know, we merchandise several key items in statements with the objective of representing 60% of our sales. We bought these items aggressively with dominant in-store merchandising and featured them in our holiday advertising campaigns. Together, they actually represented slightly more than the 60% forecast. We opened the quarter with gallery totes and duffels, which were our key handbag initiatives for the holiday season and performed very well throughout the quarter. In November, we brought in our ever popular holiday patchwork statement, which this year included a duffel and dummy silhouette, as well as the quilted ski group in Madison, our evening collection spanning many categories. Finally, our Resort group was expanded into leather and was also well received. Overall for the quarter, we were delighted with the breadth of our appeal, not only at our mid-range price points, but also the success of our entry-level handbag offerings, such as the Soho small flap at $198 and the higher-priced limited edition pieces, including the Daphne satchel at $698 and metallic-pleated hobos at $498. These styles blew out and speak to the ongoing opportunity to more effectively target the top tier of our consumer base and to selectively trade up our average retail in handbags while still attracting the younger and aspirational customer. In fact, our true limited edition product, handbags, and accessories grew to nearly 6% of sales this quarter versus just over 2 last holiday. Similarly, we were very pleased by the results of our Coach by Special Request program, which grew to 8.5% of full-priced sales compared with 7% last year. Before moving onto spring, I thought I would touch on some of the learnings from our Coach Service initiative, which was in place for holiday, and also discuss some of the exciting happenings in our factory business. First, we've previously discussed Coach Service and its evolution in FY '06, focusing on additional opportunities to deliver consistent customer service through new tools and initiatives, including Client Track and Smart Scheduling, and for the first time, we used our new Shopper Track system during the holiday season, enabling our store managers to access realtime, hourly sales traffic and conversion data to better impact labor allocations during shifts. The success of these initiatives was demonstrated in our quarterly results, as we were able to maintain conversion in full-priced stores and improve it in factory, even as traffic rose in both channels. Most importantly, we experienced meaningful conversion improvement during the 10 highest traffic days of the season in part due to this continued focus on operational efficiency and labor management. Therefore, we actually achieved our highest comps on our highest traffic days as through-put surged. Second, I wanted to talk about the continued success of our factory stores this quarter. Our results clearly benefited from overall channel strength and the vitality of the Coach brand. At the same time, we purposefully targeted improving the performance of these already highly productive stores this holiday, both through the service and system strategies I just discussed and through a fresh and relevant merchandise offering, targeted to appeal to the more traditional factory shopper. As you know, the primary factory consumer is loyal to this channel. She wants brands, but is very value-conscious. She comes in more to shop and less to browse, as compared to her full-priced counterpart, as she usually has to travel a fair distance to get to the mall. Turning to spring, we're excited about our transitional and seasonal offerings, which are already off to a great start. Poppy was our lead collection in full-priced stores in January, arriving in store on 12/26. This fun group of totes, demies, and accessories, which also included a duffel, immediately signaled spring and newness to our consumer during a traditional clearance period for most retailers. Gallery satchels also arrived. This year offered in nylon and signature-trimmed with leather at sharper price points than last year's popular all-leather limited edition version. Just arrived is an updated Soho collection along with shoulder totes in pebbled leather and signature and gallery totes in a bold signature pattern. Perhaps most exciting this spring will be the March introduction of a new Hamptons weekend collection that will include hobos, backpacks and satchels, and will be offered in solid nylon as well as the evolution of our scribble pattern, which was so well received last year. As part of this collection, we will also be adding a stylish Hamptons patchwork. In summary, we are excited about our spring opportunities, both in product flow and our continued focus on Coach Service. With that, I will return the discussion to Lew to continue with our overarching strategies.
Lew Frankfort, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mike. I believe that it's important to look at our holiday results in the context of the overall sustainability of our growth proposition. Our distinctive business model is based upon the underlying principle that Coach offers accessible luxury, American lifestyle accessories to a loyal and growing consumer base. We provide consumers with fresh, relevant, and innovative products that are extremely well made at an excellent price. By doing so, Coach is able to continually strengthen our leadership position by building lasting market share. This premise is essential to our belief that we will achieve sustainable growth in the years ahead and continue to expand our market share within this rapidly growing, premium accessories market. To this point, as most of you know, we have been implementing four key strategies that focus on sustaining growth. First, most generally, we're building market share in the growing North American Women's Accessories market by leveraging our leadership position as an accessible luxury lifestyle brand. As part of this strategy, we've been emphasizing new usage occasions, such as weekend, evening, baby, and offering novelty and limited edition products to heighten our cachet, especially with our top-tier customers. Our second strategy is the continued rapid growth in U.S. retail. We plan to add 100 U.S. retail stores over the next four years, bringing the retail store base to at least 300. During FY '06, we intend to open about 25 new retail stores, which will include 9 new full-priced markets for Coach. Four of these have already opened. They are in Wilmington, Memphis, Oklahoma City, and Naples. The remaining five will open during the balance of the fiscal year and will include locations in Albany, Reno, Knoxville, Fresno, and Omaha. In total, we expect to open about 15 stores during the second half of this fiscal year. In keeping with our strategy to expand our most productive locations, we will also be expanding at least one more retail store in the second half, taking the total number of expanded retail stores to seven this fiscal year. These seven expansions will add a total of about 9,000 additional square feet or about 2% to our full-price retail space. In addition, we are planning to open three more factory stores in the second half and to expand an additional five locations. And third, outside the U.S., we're continuing to grow market share with the Japanese consumer. From about 8% this past year to a goal of 15% during the next four to five years. We are driving growth in Japan primarily by opening new retail locations and by expanding existing ones. Overall, we expect that Japan could support a total of at least 150 Coach locations across the same multi-channel distribution model that we have established in the U.S. During the rest of FY '06, we plan to open at least six net new locations in Japan, including one flagship located in Kobe, which we are on plan to open late in the fourth quarter. This will bring our total to at least 12 net new locations for the year. Also, we plan to expand about 10 of our most productive shop-in-shops, adding over 5,000 square feet or over 3% to our retail base during this fiscal year. FY '06, as mentioned, we expect Coach Japan constant currency sales to increase at least 20% from last year as we continue to gain share. Our increases will primarily come from distribution growth with mid single-digit comps expected during the rest of this fiscal year. And lastly, of course, we continue to have an overall focus on improving our profitability rate so that our earnings will continue to outpace our revenues. These strategies and actions are designed to enable us to achieve excellent financial results through our planning horizon. I will now turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further detail on our financials and outlook. Mike?
Mike Devine, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Lew. Lew and Mike have just taken you through the highlights and strategies. Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our second quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased by 22% with direct-to-consumer now including Coach Japan and representing about three-quarters of our business, up 21%. While indirect rose 26%. It's worth noting that if the yen had remained flat to last year, our sales would have totaled about $665 million, up 25% in total with our direct-to-consumer business also up 25%. Net income for the quarter before option expense increased 36% to $183 million or $0.47 per share as compared to $134 million or $0.34 per share in Q2 last year. Including after-tax option expense of about 8.8 million this year and 7.2 million in the year-ago quarter, net income for the quarter increased 37% to $174 million from 127 million a year ago. It should be noted that option expense on a per-share basis in both quarters totalled about $0.02. Results of $0.45 per share for the second quarter were ahead of the consensus estimate of $0.44 per share and our guidance of $0.43 per share, including option expense. Our operating income before option expense rose 29% to $289 million in the second quarter versus the same period last year. Operating margin on this basis in the quarter was 44.4% compared to 42% even in the year-ago quarter, a 240 basis point improvement. Including option expense in both periods, operating income rose 30% year-over-year, and the operating margin expanded 230 basis points from 39.8% to 42.1% of sales. In the second quarter, our gross profit margin expanded by 180 basis points over the comparable period of the prior year from 75.8% to 77.6% of sales. Both sourcing cost, benefits, and product mix contributed to the improvement. Our selling, general, and administrative expense ratio before option expense declined by 60 basis points in the quarter and represented 33.2% of sales versus 33.8% for the year earlier quarter. The decline in the quarterly rate was the result of achieving leverage throughout our business. Our selling units taken together saw the year-over-year spending rates decline, and we also continued to leverage the top line volume in our centralized functions. Including option expense of about $15 million pre-tax this year and 12 million last year, the SG&A expense ratio declined 50 basis points to 35.5% of sales from 36 even last year's Q2. Inventory levels at December 31, of '05 were $205 million, or up about 14 million from $191 million, or only about 7% above prior year levels, as strong sell-throughs along with our supply chain improvements and inventory management program allowed us to support 21 net new North American stores, 5 net new Coach Japan locations, and substantially increased sales levels with modest additional inventory investment. Accounts receivables remained very well controlled, as balances rose only about $1 million or 1% versus last year's Q2 AR balance. At the end of the second quarter, our cash and marketable securities position stood at $772 million versus about 802 million at the end of Q2 last year. Strong free cash flow driven by significantly higher net income and option exercises was offset by substantial stock buybacks and the buyout of Sumitomo's interested in Coach Japan during the interim twelve months. These two cash uses taken together totaled about $565 million. As of the end of Q2, our balance sheet is essentially debt free. As mentioned in our press release, the Company repurchased and retired 2.43 million shares of common stock at an average cost of $32.07 during the second quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to 2,964,200 shares of common stock repurchased at an average cost of $32.22. At this time, approximately $154 million remain available for future repurchases under the program, which expires in May of 2007. Net cash from operating activities in the second quarter was $249 million, compared to $199 million last year during Q2. Free cash flow in the quarter was an inflow of $220 million versus an inflow of $170 million in the same period last year, mainly due to higher net income. Our CapEx spending, primarily for new stores and renovations, was $29 million this Q2 versus $30 million in the same quarter a year ago. Now let me provide to you some of our goals for the balance of fiscal '06. For the second half of the fiscal year, we are targeting net sales of about $1 billion, which includes a modest negative impact from a weaker yen. With comparable store sales gains of at least 10% in both the U.S. retail and factory channels and mid single-digit comparable location sales growth in Japan. Operating income before and after option expense up at least 25% and 23% respectively year-over-year. Option expense in the second half is expected to total about $0.06 per share. Yielding earnings per share of at least $0.60 before option expense, up 25% from prior year, and at least $0.54 after option expense, an increase of at least 23%. Our current goals for the full fiscal year 2006 are net sales growth of approximately 22% to about $2.1 billion with at least 10% comparable store sales gains in both the U.S. retail and factory channels in all quarters; and a total sales increase in Japan of at least 20% in constant currency. Japan sales are expected to be driven primarily by distribution growth through new store openings and expansions augmented by mid single-digit same-location sales growth. An operating margin of well over 38%, excluding option expense, or about 35.5%, including option expense, as compared to 33.5% on that same basis in FY '05. Operating income dollar growth of over 29% from FY '05 levels, both before option expense and including it. Interest income of about $33 million will add to EPS this year; however, two factors will somewhat moderate the growth of our EPS line in 2006, first a higher share count brought about by option exercises, and secondly, a higher tax rate rising to 38% due to the fact that incremental taxable income is being taxed at higher rates. All of these factors taken together, we expect to generate EPS growth of at least 33%, which will produce earnings per share before option expense of at least $1.33, up 33% from the $1 even reported in FY '05. Including option expense of about $0.10, similar to the percentage impact in FY '05, we are projecting EPS of $1.23 per share from the $0.92 per share reported on the same basis in FY '05, compared with the analyst consensus estimate of $1.20. Separately, as mentioned in our previous earnings calls, we expect CapEx to rise to about $120 million in FY '06, with the increase from last year's 95 million primarily due to our capitalizing on some outstanding real estate opportunities, both here and in Japan. We'll also be investing in our corporate facilities here in New York where we have a long-term lease as well as in our distribution center in Jacksonville. As Lew noted, for the full fiscal year, we'll be opening approximately 30 new U.S. retail and factory stores and continuing our North American expansion programs. In Japan, we will be opening at least 12 net new locations, including a flagship location in Kobe. While these are our current goals, our actual results may vary from these targets based upon a number of factors, including those discussed under the "Business of Coach, Inc. and Risk Factors" in our annual report on Form 10-K. Coach also does not assume any obligation to update these targets as the year progresses. In summary, we are confident that our growth strategies will enable us to continue to gain share in the large and growing global market for fine accessories and gifts. Thank you all for your attention, and now Lew, Mike, Andrea, and I will be happy to take some questions.
Questions & Answers:
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Bob Drbul: Good morning.
A - Lew Frankfort: Good morning, Bob. Lew, just had a question for you.
Q - Bob Drbul: Could you guys elaborate a little bit more on the strength of UPTs this quarter and if you do expect that to continue, where did it come from this quarter?
A - Lew Frankfort: Sure, Mike will field it.
A - Mike Tucci: Sure. Bob as you know, a significant driver for us in productivity has been ADT, and in the past, it's really been driven almost exclusively through pricing advantages. We took a different approach in Q2 and really went after the opportunity to build on units per transaction, and about a third of our high single-digit ADT growth was driven through an increase in UPTs. Some information behind that. One, a broader range of opening price point handbags and I think a stronger offer at entry-level handbag prices as well as more offerings on what we would call add-on opportunities, things like letter charms, iPod cases, a strong wristlet offering, eyewear as an example, and that really helped to drive the add-on purchase and build our UPT program in-store. We had a strong selling focus against it, and to your point in terms of future opportunity, we certainly see the opportunity to go after UPT as a productivity driver with specific gift-giving and gift occasion opportunities like Valentine's Day and Mother's Day, but those are real piece of our success story with our overall gift strategy for Q2.
Q - Bob Drbul: Great. And just as a follow-up question. Would you guys maybe elaborate a little bit more on how you see 3Q and 4Q sales breaking down?
A - Lew Frankfort: Go ahead, Mike.
A - Mike Tucci: Sure. We're targeting Bob as you talked about, for the back half of the year, or as we talked about in the prepared remarks for the back half of the year of about $1 billion. We've seen similar trends to what we've seen in the back half of our last couple fiscal years with a stronger Q4 than Q3, so being slightly ahead Q4 versus Q3.
Q - Bob Drbul: Okay, great. Thank you. Congratulations.
A - Lew Frankfort: You're very welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dana Telsey of Bear Stearns. You may go ahead.
Q - Dana Telsey: Good morning, everyone, and congratulations.
A - Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Dana.
Q - Dana Telsey: The gross margin gain was very impressive. What do you see as your opportunity go forward and the breakdown between the sourcing gains, product mix shifts? Where do you see it coming from? And also, the pricing spectrum, how do you see that evolving both in accessories and handbags? And just lastly, can you give us an update on the licensed product? Thank you.
A - Mike Devine: Okay. That's, I think there were three questions in there, Dana, so why don't, Mike D., I will take the gross margin rates question first, and then Mike T. can take pricing, perhaps and Lew on Licensing.
Q - Dana Telsey: Perfect.
A - Mike Devine: But in terms of the gross margin, we are thrilled with where we landed there. The majority of the Q2 increase came from our sourcing benefits where we did get some help from Keith Monda's supply chain organization, and also we benefited to a degree from the fact that the product that sold through in Japan was bought with a stronger yen, and that worked its way through. That last factor won't necessarily continue in a strong way into the second half, but we still are quite optimistic that we have year-over-year margin expansion opportunity in the back half of the year, driven by continued improvement in product mix, in non-leather product categories and also further expansion of our Limited Edition and Novelty product offerings, and we'll continue to work the supply chain hard. So we believe we can see gross margin expansion in the back half of the year approaching another 70 to 100 basis points versus second half of LY.
A - Mike Tucci: On the pricing side, Dana, I think the key, I would emphasize that we really want to focus on balance in our pricing. If we look at Q2, we had another very strong quarter in what we would call special product, and if we look at the penetration there, it was almost 18% total special product versus about 11 last year, and as I said in the prepared comments, limited edition, our highest-priced offerings, which defined as offerings that are about 70% higher than our core offering, primarily in handbags and women's accessories, were at about 6% versus 2. Having said that, we're really focusing on looking at our mix by store type and maintaining and protecting our range of offer in our key categories. We do believe that there is a strong aspirational consumer out there at entry-level price points, and we want to remain friendly and accessible to her, while at the same time really take advantage of the head room that we have for a better product and a more pinnacle product in select stores. That's really the strategy going forward.
Q - Dana Telsey: Okay.
A - Lew Frankfort: With regard to our licensing product, we had a banner holiday season in women's footwear, at U.S. department stores sales were up a spectacular 50% during the holiday quarter and over 35% during the entire fall season. And when we spoke with retailers across the board, they've said that our assortment was on point and we feel really enthusiastic about the direction and development of our women's footwear. In Coach stores, as you know, we only offer our footwear in, I think it's about 55 or 60 of our stores, and footwear in those stores represented about 7% of sales, and the growth kept pace with the overall growth in other categories, which usually is not the case during the holiday quarter. In terms of sunwear, we're still in early stages, and for us on sunwear, as you know, Dana, is a full store rollout program for us, and we had a excellent holiday quarter where sales approached our 2% in sunwear. In terms of our overall license sales, both in optical and sunwear are only in the second year of our launch and we're doing extremely well.
Q - Dana Telsey: Thank you very much.
A - Lew Frankfort: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Margaret Mager of Goldman Sachs. You may go ahead.
Q - Margaret Mager: Hi. Another great quarter, congratulations on that.
A - Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Margaret.
Q - Margaret Mager: I wanted to ask about merchandising, the factory outlet stores. Do you look at your stores the same way as the full-priced stores in terms of tiering them to go out, go after a fashion, core, et cetera? And can you talk about, how do you decide when is the right time to move product out of the full-price stores into the factory outlet stores? How does that whole decision process work? Thanks.
A - Lew Frankfort: Mike T. will answer that.
A - Mike Tucci: Okay. On tiering, Margaret, the short answer is we have not fully developed a tiered model in factory yet. That's an opportunity. That's a real go-forward opportunity for us. Having said that, the driver in factory is still monthly flow of newness. The cadence there is very similar to what we do in our full priced store, obviously the product is different. Again, in Q2, about 75% of our sales in the quarter was through made-for-factory merchandise. It's a strong number. About half of that was factory exclusive, and that's a fair target in terms of how we're approaching the business going forward. We will develop more of a tiered point of view in our stores as we develop our store base and expand high-performing stores that will allow us to show additional product. So that's really the approach. In terms of the delete schedule, that's really done off of our master merchandising calendar on a global basis, where we map that out in our long-range plan and then work backwards annually and quarterly, tied, obviously, to the whole sales schedule so that our timing, for example, when we might be off price in department stores on seasonal clearance with when that product may show up in a factory store. The factory stores really provide us with the opportunity to keep the front end and driving piece of the brand, our full-priced stores very fresh, very liquid, and very clean and allow us not to have a clearance position in any full-priced store ever, with the exception of shoes on a seasonal basis.
Q - Margaret Mager: I guess I'm curious about the novelty and limited edition, which is now running at 18% of your full-priced stores. It appears to me, visiting the factory outlets that, some of this product is moving very quickly into the factory outlet stores, and that's what I'm trying to get at. How is that decision process, like when do you decide that something should move pretty quickly out of a full-priced store into a factory outlet environment? And what kind of product is eligible for that? And then lastly, on factory outlets, the signature product, what's the philosophy there? Thank you for your answers.
A - Mike Tucci: Okay. Actually, in terms of deleting limited edition and special product to factory stores, we buy that merchandise very, very tight and plan it at extremely high sell-throughs. You will see pieces here and there in the stores, and many times as an example, you might see product in Q3 that was in a full-priced store in Q2 in a very small way. It does stand out a little bit more in a factory store because it looks odd in the clearance section, but the fact of the matter is that our clearance penetration overall in factory stores is very low, and it's coming down as we buy our full-priced much tighter and get better at allocating in full price, that has lowered our liability in factory stores, and we're making up for that with more made-for-factory products. So I think we're really looking at it, it's a different consumer and we want to maximize margin opportunities and turn our inventory. And as far as signature is concerned, really the factory stores, there are about 58 factory stores that carry some form of signature product. Again, the primary vehicle there is to drive liquidation of liability product that we own in the Coach universe, and we'll look at ways to expand on that or to develop that business in the future, but again, we're in the early stages on signature liquidation in factory stores.
Q - Margaret Mager: I saw your Naples store. It's terrific and extremely well located. So good luck in that new market.
A - Mike Tucci: Thank you very much.
A - Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Q - Margaret Mager: Take care.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Jeff Edelman from UBS Securities. You may go ahead.
Q - Jeff Edelman: Thank you and good morning. First question, Mike Tucci, it looks as if the spread between your comp store sales and total retail sales in the U.S. widened. Would this be a factor of the Madison Avenue store or are we seeing increased productivity from some of the other new stores added over the last 12 months?
A - Mike Tucci: It's a good pickup, and the reality is that a lot of it is just timing. Based on when we open new stores. We had a significant number of stores that opened late in Q1 and Q2. Some of the shifts in the Madison Avenue opening impacted our spread, and the number has remained fairly constant, but we're really looking at our spread opportunities longer-term as being, getting more stores opened earlier in our annual cycle. That's really the biggest opportunity that we face, and I think that the Madison Avenue impact is only slight in the total.
Q - Jeff Edelman: Okay, thanks. And then Lew or the other Mike, I was just over in China, and I had two takeaways. One, it appears as if leather duties were going to increase this spring, doubling; secondly, wage costs are going up fairly significantly. Have you got the opportunity with either greater volume with factories and/or sourcing efficiencies to at least offset or more than offset this as we look out into calendar '06?
A - Mike Devine: The other Mike will take that one, Jeff. The good news is, is we've looked into the proposed changes to the duty structure. It will not impact Coach as we import the leather into the country rather than buy leather supply in China. The movement of the wan is a potential impact for us, but it is very small. The value add in China, the labor content, and the profit that our factories make is a very small component of cost of goods sold, and we would anticipate that the blocking and tackling throughout the supply chain will largely be able to offset it, should the wan devalue in the coming year.
Q - Jeff Edelman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neely Tamminga from Piper Jaffray. You may go ahead.
Q - Neely Tamminga: Great, good morning. And I'll add my congrats on a great quarter.
A - Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Q - Neely Tamminga: Mike Devine, can you talk a little bit about cash? And I mean, obviously, you guys are amassing a lot of it here very quickly, considering you've done stock buybacks and Sumitomo purchase. Kind of what are some of your updated thoughts as we look over the next 6 to 12 months of how you might be using that cash in addition to your already planned rollout of stores and what have you? And then maybe too, Mike Tucci, if you could talk a little about gift cards. I mean, obviously giftables were part of the business, but wondering how gift cards might have played a role as well this holiday for Coach.
A - Mike Devine: I'll address the cash from the first point of view. We are, as we talked about, at a level very similar to last year as a result of the spend on the buyback and Sumitomo. As you point out, we have $150-plus million available to us via the share repurchase program. We would intend to execute against that selectively, being an opportunistic buyer the stock, but we are in a position where we are going to see a cash build, and the business is operating exceptionally well and generating cash, and we are able to continue to meet our growth momentum targets by spending the $120 million CapEx level to open the 30 new stores here in the U.S. and the 12 net new in Japan, so you will continue to see a cash build as we focus on a single-concept strategy and optimizing the Coach brand.
A - Mike Tucci: On the gift card activity, we saw very modest improvement in sales in gift cards. We will see some of those redemptions come through in January, and we feel like we had a focus on it. It was featured in our holiday gift guide, which was available both through mail circulation and in-store, and we do see, obviously that our customer really likes to touch and feel the product and really wants to be engaged with the product, both in stores and on-line.
Q - Neely Tamminga: Great, thank you.
A - Lew Frankfort: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Friedman of Merrill Lynch. You may go ahead.
Q - Mark Friedman: Thank you. Good morning, congratulations on the quarter, guys.
A - Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Mark.
Q - Mark Friedman: Lew, I was wondering, it's only been a short time since Madison stores reopened, I was wondering what learnings you may already have from there that you may be applying to other stores, either flagship or to the chain. And then in Japan, what is going on as far as your use of special limited edition product, and is there plans to grow that business there? Thank you.
A - Lew Frankfort: Sure. First, with regard to 595 Madison Avenue, where most importantly, I'm extremely pleased with the performance of the store. The store is doing extremely well. We couldn't be happier. In terms of the store design and fixturing, we believe that we've achieved our objective of creating a global flagship that elevates and advances the brand. There's no doubt when consumers are in this store and they spend time there, that they see a world of Coach that brings them into the future, and many of the elements, including some of the, what we would call layering, the upholstery, carpets, draperies, tables are elements that we will incorporate selectively in our chain as we move forward. With regard to a limited edition product. In Japan, there is a very large opportunity for us to grow that business. It's actually somewhat less developed than our businesses in the United States with regard to what we call limited edition. It's only running about 3% of sales compared to 6%. So we're at early stages in Japan. There's opportunities in all parts of the business, so we're enthusiastic about that.
Q - Mark Friedman: Thank you.
A - Lew Frankfort: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Christine Chen of Pacific Growth Equities. You may go ahead.
Q - Christine Chen: Thank you. Congratulations on a wonderful quarter.
A - Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Christine.
Q - Christine Chen: Wanted to ask about the Baby product. How has that been performing and are there plans to further grow that business or was that sort of a test that you were running for the holiday season?
A - Lew Frankfort: The first thing about the Baby product is that it brings a smile to people's faces when they come into the store. It's a bit of a surprise. It's an addition that has been really anchored by what we call Baby bags. The Baby bags are an enormous opportunity for us, and we will be continuing Baby in a capsule group with a focus on a range of Baby totes for the new mom and the new dad.
Q - Christine Chen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erwin Ramberg of HSBC.
Q - Alan Obelo: Yes, hi, good morning, everyone. This Alan Obelo (ph) from HSBC. I had two quick questions on Japan. During the previous conference call, you mentioned you were seeing a pickup in the Japanese market as of the end of '05. How do you see this market evolving through '06? And just a second question is on currency. How is the weak yen impacting profits? Is there a delayed impact thanks to hedging? And in terms of sales, do you intend to increase prices in Japan to mitigate the weaker yen as many European competitors have done recently?
A - Lew Frankfort: I'll answer the first part, Erwin, and first off, thank you for your recent initiation on Coach. We do appreciate that. With regard to the market, we're encouraged that there are signs of growth in the luxury sector within accessories, and you know what it's like, growth begets growth. We think our luxury competitors are doing a better job in terms of providing product that is relevant and innovative, and we're looking to see growth continue through calendar '06. I think the luxury brands are getting on point, and we welcome that. Mike?
A - Mike Devine: Yes, in terms of the impact of the yen on our rates of profitability, the total impact is relatively small. Coach Japan, obviously, operates the business completely in yen and their full-fledged financial statements are then converted back, so every line of the P&L is effectively reduced from the top line to net income but changed only by the change in rate of the yen, so the pure conversion does not move our earnings per share materially. Where it does impact rate of profitability is through the gross margin line, and as we have mentioned, as I mentioned earlier, that was a assist to us in Q2 and will be a mitigating factor, or I'm sorry, have a negative impact on gross margin in the second half of the year, but we've built that into the guidance as we've talked about earlier on this call.
Q - Alan Obelo: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez from CSFB.
Q - Paul Lejuez: Hey, it's Paul Lejuez, Credit Suisse. Kind of a big picture question, Lew. About a year ago, you made a comment about the organization being in the third inning, I believe you said. Just wondering if you could maybe give us an update. Where are you now? And if you maybe could break it down U.S. verse Japan? And then kind of as a follow-up, what does the seventh or eighth inning look like for you guys? Thanks.
A - Lew Frankfort: It's a very good question, Paul. First, with the growth in the category in North America and over 70% of our business occurring in North America we see our market share growing only modestly year on year, and in fact, we often say that we're in the fourth inning we've been, we're having the second year where we have the opportunity to play the fourth inning because the growth in the category is so strong, but we expect category growth within the world of accessories to continue, fueled in part by Coach and by competitors, who seem to come and go for the most part, at least in North America. Relative to the eighth and ninth inning, it's too far out for me to speculate. I used to think it was when the business was $3.5 billion. That was about two years ago, but with the growth in the overall market in North America and size of growth in Japan, you never can tell.
Q - Paul Lejuez: All right. Thanks, guys. Best of luck.
A - Lew Frankfort: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jennifer Black of Jennifer Black & Associates. You may go ahead.
Q - Jennifer Black: Hi. Let me add my congratulations as well.
A - Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Jennifer.
Q - Jennifer Black: I had a couple questions. I wondered if you could tell us how many pinnacle stores you have in both the factory and full-priced stores and where you would see that over the next three years?
A - Lew Frankfort: Mike?
A - Mike Tucci: Sure. In our full-priced chain, we have about 18 stores that we've designated as pinnacle stores. In factory, we really don't have any that we've defined as pinnacle.
Q - Jennifer Black: Okay.
A - Mike Tucci: As I said earlier, on the factory side, we do see the development of a tiered merchandising strategy as a real opportunity for us going forward. Within that, we would take a similar game plan to what we've done in full price, where we'd have probably three tiers of stores, let's say flagship, fashion, and core, and our roughly 85-store base would be broken down accordingly. That work is underway as we start to look into FY '07. The major opportunity for FY '07 in full price is to continue to graduate stores up a level. So more core stores being defined as fashion, which would impact their mix; more fashion stores being defined as flagship stores, which would impact their mix, and driving that number up, and we have a significant movement planned in FY '07 away from the number of core stores that we've had traditionally into more fashion and flagship stores. Included in that would be pinnacle stores.
Q - Jennifer Black: Okay. And then can you speak to your thoughts on a couple categories, that it seems like you would have opportunities? And I guess one would be bags that have straps across your body, maybe ergonomic, longer straps. Two business bags? And then lastly, if you can comment on your special occasion bags, there's one bag, I believe that is both in the outlet and in your full-priced stores, and then lastly, I, like Margaret--.
A - Lew Frankfort: What was the third part of your question?
Q - Jennifer Black: Yes, go ahead?
A - Lew Frankfort: No, I'm sorry, I missed the third part about there's a bag in full-priced and factory?
Q - Jennifer Black: Yes, your evening bag. And I was just curious. I, like Margaret, also was in the same store, and it seemed like you did move some pretty bags that looked very prominent, for example your metallic patchwork bag, I saw a number of those in that store, and it just makes the consumer kind of think, well, maybe I should be waiting and buying in the factory stores when you see them there, but maybe that consumer will see it once and never drive to an outlet store, so I saw the same thing she saw.
A - Lew Frankfort: Let me take the last one first, Jennifer, because we do a lot of work trying to understand the behavior and psychology of our factory store consumers, and first, you're in a distinctive minority, Jennifer. There's only 20% crossover between a factory and full-priced consumers, but for the most part, we have a dedicated factory store consumer, and you need to also keep in mind, unlike most retailers, we do not mark down those bags in full price at the end of the season. Go into any other retailer in the United States, that bag will be marked down in the same location where they would have bought it at full price.
Q - Jennifer Black: I totally understand that.
A - Lew Frankfort: So there's no issue there. In terms of opportunities, whether it's bags with across-the-body straps and business bags, our opportunities are abundant, and any ideas that you might have, just sketch them and we would welcome them.
Q - Jennifer Black: Well, I have lots of ideas there. And then lastly, I don't know if you're doing any metallic, I know you're doing metallic, that's not what I meant to ask your pat leather. Are you going to bring out pat leather again this season?
A - Mike Tucci: This season meaning next holiday?
Q - Jennifer Black: No, this summer.
A - Mike Tucci: Actually, we don't really have a patent point of view scheduled to be in store in the back half of FY '06.
Q - Jennifer Black: Okay. I was just kind of curious. And then I guess one last question. When you talked about the 15%, were you talking about the overall domestic market, and where were those figures taken from?
A - Lew Frankfort: We were talking about the U.S. market, and they were developed empirically from the bottom up, where we looked at our reported sales from our individual department stores, our speciality stores, luxury goods, luxury good companies and so on.
Q - Jennifer Black: Okay. Great. Well, good luck and thank you very much.
A - Lew Frankfort: You're very welcome.
Andrea Shaw Resnick, Vice President, Investor Relations: At this point, it's 9:35, the market is opened, and I will be speaking to most of the analysts throughout the day today. Unfortunately, we can't take any more questions at this time. Thanks everybody for participating and have a wonderful day.

===== 2006 Q1  (2005-11-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Coach Conference Call.  Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications at Coach, Ms. Andrea Shaw Resnick.  You may begin.
Andrea Shaw Resnick: Good morning, and thank you for joining us.  With me today to discuss our quarterly results are Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO; Mike Devine, Coach's CFO; and Mike Tucci, President of North America Retail, will also be joining us. Before we begin, we must point out this conference call will involve certain forward-looking statements including projections for our business in the current or future quarters or fiscal years.  These statements are based upon a number of continuing assumptions.  Future results may differ materially from our current expectations based upon risks and uncertainties such as expected economic trends or our ability to anticipate consumer preferences or control costs.  Please refer to our latest annual report on Form 10-K for a complete list of these risk factors.  Also please note that historical growth trends may not be indicative of future growth. We presently expect to update our estimates each quarter only; however, the failure to update this information should not be taken as Coach's acceptance of these estimates on a continuing basis.  Coach may also choose to discontinue presenting future estimates at any time. Now let me outline the order of speakers and topics for this conference call.  Lew Frankfort will provide an overall summary of our first fiscal 2006 results, and we'll also discuss our strategies, going forward.  Mike Tucci will review our key initiatives for the holiday season, Mike Devine will conclude with details on financial and operational highlights for the quarter as well as our outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year 2006.  Following that, we will hold a question-and-answer session that will end by 9:30 a.m. I would now like to introduce Lew Frankfort, Coach's Chairman and CEO.
Lew Frankfort: Thanks, Andrea, and good morning, everyone.  As you know, we have once again announced excellent top-line growth and even stronger bottom-line results of 30% and about 50%, respectively, for the quarter just completed. Our quarterly results are especially impressive when you consider that we have achieved exceptional double-digit sales growth in the first quarter of each of the last four years, up 28% in '03, up 34% in '04, up 33% last year, and now up 30% in '06 for a four-year CAGR of over 31%, as sales have tripled. As most of you know, during the last several years, we have established a lane between the moderate segment and the old luxury accessory brands, which we termed "accessible luxury." This positioning coupled with our brand and business equities is Coach's competitive advantage yielding staying power, more predictable results, and increasing productivity. Some highlights of our first fiscal quarter were, first, net income rose 48% to $100 million, or $0.26 per share compared with $68 million, or $0.17 per share in the prior year.  Including the impact of stock option expense, net income rose 53% to $94 million, or $0.24 per share compared with $61 million, or $0.16 per share in the prior year. Second, net sales totaled $449 million versus $344 million a year ago, a gain of 30%. Third, direct-to-consumer sales, which now include sales generated by Coach Japan rose 29% to $315 million from $244 million in the prior year. Fourth, U.S. same-store sales for the quarter rose 25.1% with retail stores up 14.4% and factory stores up 35.8%. It is worth mentioning that in U.S. retail, we have achieved a double-digit comp in the first quarter in each of the last four fiscal years, 21% in '03, 29% in '04, 17% in '05, and now 14% in '06.  On average, our retail stores are twice as productive than they were just four years ago. Finally, sales in Japan rose 24% in constant currency driven by new stores, expansions, and mid-single-digit retail comps as we continue to rapidly grow our market share. During the quarter,we opened 6 U.S. retail stores including 2 in new markets for Coach, Wilmington, Delaware, and Memphis, Tennessee, as well as three factory stores.  In addition, we expanded 3 U.S. full-price stores, Copley Place in Boston, White Plains in Westchester, and a store in Scottsdale, Arizona.  Thus, at the end of the period, there were 199 full-price and 85 factory stores in operation. In Japan ,4 locations were added while 1 was expanded.  At quarter-end there were 110 total locations in Japan.  Indirect sales, which now exclude sales generated by Coach Japan increased 34% to $134 million from $100 million in the same period last year.  Results were primarily driven by strong gains in U.S. department store and international wholesale sales.  In fact, U.S. department store results at PoS continued to be excellent despite continued sluggish overall channel sales, running up about 30% at PoS last quarter. Most broadly, we once again effectively executed our growth plans and realized company-wide performance that outpaced our stated goals.  Not surprisingly, we remain confident in our ability to sustain our growth and deliver excellent results over our planning horizon. We were particularly delighted with the continued momentum of Coach U.S. retail stores, which enjoyed increases in average ticket and traffic.  Results are now full-price businesses, both Coach retail stores and U.S. department stores continued to be driven by the monthly flow of fresh and relevant product, notably handbags and women's small leather goods.  Our U.S. factory store business remained remarkably strong this quarter, even in the wake of higher gasoline prices given the vibrancy of the Coach brand, the appeal of the Coach product, our exceptional value, and the continued relative strength of premium factory centers. We were also very pleased with the performance of Coach Japan this quarter, it’s first as a wholly owned subsidiary where sales rose 23% in dollars and 24% in yen as our market share continued to grow rapidly.  Clearly, this emphasis on distribution growth is working given the sales gains we are continuing to achieve while rapidly growing our footprint.  Last quarter our growth in Japan was fueled primarily by distribution through both new stores and expansions augmented by mid-single-digit, same-retail location sales gains. Finally, as always, we were particularly pleased with the significant improvement in operating margins.  While Mike Devine will get into more detail on our financials, I wanted to give you this recap and tell you how pleased we are with Coach's first quarter performance. As you know, I've asked Mike Tucci to also join us today to discuss our product performance for Q1 and our holiday sales initiatives.  Mike.
Mike Tucci: Thanks, Lew.  As mentioned in our release, our transitional and fall offerings were remarkably successful across all categories and collections.  We began the quarter with Hampton's Weekend offered in a new fall palette, which also featured a great signature scarf print version for the first time.  Also in July we brought back an updated Soho collection in leather, suede, and mini signature, which included novelty studded and ocelot styles. In August, the Chelsea handbag group, offered in leather, Nubuc, and Optic signature was very well received. In September, our popular Hamptons collection returned for a sixth season and performed strongly across all fabrications, leather, suede, and signature as well as a stripe application on our classic signature fabric.  This fall, the collection also included a stylish update on the carryall, which was particularly successful, actually selling out in certain sizes and colors. Throughout the quarter, we were extremely pleased with consumers' response to our more sophisticated Silhouette and luxurious materials, as Limited Edition styles sold extremely well at higher price points.  Examples of Limited Edition styles, which blew out and speaks to the ongoing opportunity to selectively trade up our average retail in handbags include the Optic signature chenille tote at $598, the signature python striped satchel, and the Soho studded flap satchel, both at $498.  More broadly, a key driver of our success in Q1 was a planned shift in color selling from brights; that is, pinks and greens, to more neutral shades such as warm browns and khakis. For holiday, building on this shift in the marketplace, you will see a broad range of neutrals complemented by pops of reds as well as a stronger patchwork statement.  In addition, many of our items will offer stylish embellishments such as metallics, fur, and beading, which are particularly suitable for holiday gift-giving. We are excited about the 10 key concepts and items that we will have in place for holiday.  Collectively, we estimate that they will represent over 60% of our business in the second fiscal quarter.  They are, one, duffels, launched on 10/1.  Leading the list, these great new takes on the duffel were inspired by iconic Coach styles and reinterpreted into modern, sophisticated Silhouettes.  They are offered across multiple core fabrications with new hardware detailing and include a Special Edition patchwork and Limited Edition shearling version. Two, gallery totes, also launched on 10/1, already a success, this group also includes stylish beaded series in classic signature and suede, which have new details, colors, and treatments, including fur trim. Three, holiday patchwork, which is launching later this week, a perennial favorite, this year's sophisticated take on patchwork will include touches of metallic and ocelot, will be available across a range of handbag silhouettes, including totes, duffels, demis, and in a wristlet as well. Four, Madison, also launching this week, Coach's lifestyle evening collection will return after its successful debut last year.  It includes handbags, accessories, hats, scarves, gloves, shoes, and outerwear.  This collection will be fabricated in satin, chenille, Lurex, and mink with some styles accented with crystal and velvet details. Five, ski, coming later this week as well, made of a quilted satin fabric with a subtle interpretation of the iconic C, these bags will be available in select hobo silhouettes and wristlets and have a soft, relaxed feeling with fur trim that adds an element of luxury. Six, Soho small hobo and small-flap hobo, these consumer favorites are among our best-selling bags and will be offered in a range of fabrications and colors from mini signature to metallic. And on the accessory front, seven wristlets offered in core and novelty fabrications at a wide range of price points. Eight, wallets ,offered in multiple colors and fabrications including metallic.  A great item for gift or self purchase. Nine, watches, which feature the popular gallery interchangeable bezel model, along with new watches, which offer diamond accents or alligator and lizard straps. And, 10, cold weather, including scarves offered in a range of colors and great novelties and gloves in neutrals and brights featuring proprietary hardware such as the Soho buckle and grommets, the perfect cold-weather gift. A great group of novelty accessories will complement our key items for holiday including letter charms and iPod cases.  Already introduced, these were instant successes.  Beyond our key 10 holiday statements, we are capitalizing on seasonal and niche opportunities through our Resort and Coach Baby offerings, which will launch in December, and which will also be featured in our gift guide. First, Resort will feature appliquéd signature carryalls and suede-trimmed duffels, a new edited tote and accessory group featuring a whimsical bubble print and learning from last year's assortment, which identified an opportunity for leather within Resort will offer a leather and suede group of soft hobos offered in metallic and soft pastels. And, second, Coach Baby is a niche offering, which includes baby bags, photo frames, a brag book, and a capsule group of baby accessories, and we have an adorable Coach teddy bear, which will round out the assortment. As always, our holiday floor set will be installed on the Monday before Thanksgiving with special attention given to clean and bold presentations of the key item holiday statements and items.  A front table change in all stores will take place in early December to coincide with the launch of Resort. On the marketing front, our expanded holiday catalog featuring the World of Coach, will be in home in early November and will include our Resort collection.  We are also very excited about our expanded gift guide, which goes from 16 pages last year to 24 pages this holiday.  It will be in-store before Thanksgiving and will include mail distribution as well, a change from the prior year.  This piece is an important selling tool for our store teams and also will be put in each consumer's shopping bag with her purchase.  As always, it will highlight the key concepts and items we have in place for holiday. And, finally, on the in-store experience, as you know, Coach services and initiative we began implementing last year, it is intended to enhance our consumers' in-store experience and ultimately drive conversion.  This comprehensive training program teaches interactive selling and engagement techniques to our sales associates.  For FY06 the program has evolved focusing on new opportunities to deliver consistent customer service. In Q1, we introduced Client Track, essentially the next phase of Coach service.  This automated online journal keeps track of customers and their profiles including contact information, bag style and color preferences as well as special requests.  Client Track also helps the store manager facilitate the timely follow-up of customer request, such as new items in store, arrival of out-of-stock items, in-store events, and gift-giving occasions, enabling the store manager to monitor customer requests and reach out to her beyond the four walls of the store. This fall we introduced Smart Scheduling to aid store managers in identifying key traffic opportunities we call "peak days" and "power hours," and effectively scheduling the right sales associates on the selling floor at these peak selling times.  Essentially, this means that our store managers will be getting more detailed sales and labor forecasts as well as projected traffic patterns earlier in the season than in prior years, allowing them to hire for each store's holiday staffing requirements up front, and for the first time using our new Shopper Track system during the holiday season, store managers can access real-time hourly sales, traffic, and conversion data to better impact labor allocation during shifts. For holiday, we'll take key Coach service learnings and operational best practices from last year to improve upon our customer-centered and operationally efficient in-store experience.  These include, one, an enhanced service leader role and use of daily coverage tools to support Smart Scheduling; two, the use of Client Track to support gift-giving through customer follow-up and in-store wish listing; and, finally, three, the introduction of our multiple gifting initiative as part of our Coach By Special Request program to better service our customer purchasing multiple quantities. Simply put, our objective this holiday is to leverage our PoS transaction speed with improved service and operating standards to move the lines through the store faster.  Naturally, many of these initiatives introduced for holiday will continue afterwards. With that, I will return the discussion to Lew with our over-arching strategies.  Lew.
Lew Frankfort: Thank you, Mike.  Within an ever-changing environment, Coach remains true to our proven formula for success.  We continue to stand apart from the competition based upon our five touchstones, distinctive brand, leadership position, loyal consumer base, multi-channel international distribution, and our focus on innovation and the consumer.  Our strong and seasoned management team, relevant and exciting product supported by our dynamic global supply chain continues to sustain our unique position in the marketplace. The Coach brand has never been stronger nor has our proposition ever been more vibrant, thus positioning us to capitalize on the abundant growth opportunities ahead of us and to achieve continued excellent financial results in the years ahead. To this point, as most of you know, we have been implementing four key strategies that focus on sustaining growth.  First, most generally, we are building market share in the growing North American women's accessories market by leveraging our unique position as an accessible luxury lifestyle brand.  As part of this strategy, we've been emphasizing new usage occasions such as weekend or evening, and offering novelty and Limited Edition products to heighten our cachet, especially with our top-tier customers. Our second strategy is the continued rapid growth in U.S. retail.  We plan to add 100 U.S. retail stores over the next four to five years, bringing the retail store base to at least 300.  During FY06 we intend to open about 25 new retail stores, which will include 8 new full-priced markets for Coach, Wilmington, Delaware, and Memphis, Tennessee, two stores we opened already in the first quarter.  The other six will be stores in Oklahoma City; Naples, Florida; Albany, New York; Reno, Nevada; Fresno, California; and Omaha, Nebraska.  In keeping with our strategy to expand our most productive locations, we will be expanding at least six U.S. retail stores in FY06.  These expansions will add a total of about 9,000 additional square feet, or about 2% to our total full-price retail space. In addition, we are also planning on opening three more factory stores in FY06 and expanding five outlets given the tremendous success we have experienced through our Woodbury Commons store expansion, which we discussed during our last conference call. Separately, I wanted to mention how excited we are about the two flagship openings coming up in November, Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills and the new 595 Madison Avenue store here in New York.  As you know, we view our flagships as grand statements or beacons for the brand conveying the essence of Coach in the lifestyle environment.  We appreciate that flagships actually advance consumers thinking about the brand by allowing us to showcase the entire world of Coach. These two high-profile flagships convey a strong sense of American luxury.  We've used a combination of natural and raw materials to create a sophisticated yet inviting and unique environment.  And, third, outside the U.S., we are continuing to rapidly grow market share with the Japanese consumer from about 8% this past year to a goal of 15% during the next four to five years.  We are driving growth in Japan primarily by opening new retail locations and by expanding existing ones. Overall, we expect that we could eventually have a total of at least 140 Coach locations in Japan across the same multi-channel distribution model that we have established in the U.S. During this fiscal year, we now expect to open about 12 new locations in Japan, including one flagship located in Kobe, which we currently plan to open late in the fourth quarter.  Also, we plan to expand about 10 of our most productive shop-in-shops adding nearly 7,000 square feet, or about 4%, to our retail base.  Overall, in FY06, we expect CJI constant currency sales to increase at least 20% from FY05 as we continue to gain share. Our increases will primarily come from distribution growth with mid-single-digit comps expected for the year. And, lastly, of course, we continue to have an overall focus on improving the rate of profitability so that our bottom line results continue to outpace top-line performance.  These strategies and actions are designed to enable us to achieve excellent financial results through our planning horizon. I will now turn it over to Mike Devine, our CFO, for further detail on our financials.  Mike.
Mike Devine: Thank you, Lou.  Lou and Mike have just taken you through the highlights and strategies.  Let me now take you through some of the important financial details of our first quarter results. As mentioned, our quarterly revenues increased by 30%, direct-to-consumer, which now includes CJI and represents about three-quarters of our business was up 29%, and our indirect segment was up 34%.  Net income for the quarter before option expense increased 48% to $100 million, or $0.26 per share as compared to $68 million, or $0.17 per share in the year-ago period.  Results for the first quarter were ahead of the consensus estimate of $0.25 per share.  Including after-tax option expense of about $7 million in both periods, net income for the quarter increased 53% to $94 million from $61 million a year ago. It should be noted that option expense on a per-share basis in both quarters was flat at just under $0.02. Our operating income before option expense rose 40% to $156 million in the first quarter versus the same period last year.  Operating margin on this basis in the quarter was 34.8% of sales compared to 32.5% in the year-ago quarter.  Including option expense in both periods, operating income rose 44% year-over-year, and the operating margin expanded 310 basis points from 29.2% of sales to 32.3%. In the first quarter our gross profit margin expanded by 100 basis points over the comparable period of the prior year, from 75.0% to 76.0% of sales.  There are two primary contributors to this quarterly improvement.  First, the positive impact of product mix driven by increased penetration of higher margin, Limited Edition, and mixed material collections and, second, our sourcing cost initiatives. Selling, general, and administrative expense ratio before option expense declined 130 basis points in the quarter and represented 41.3% of sales versus 42.6% for the year-earlier period. The decline in the quarterly rate was the result of achieving leverage in all aspects of our business.  All selling units taken together saw their year-over-year spending rates decline as we continued to leverage the top line in our centralized functions.  Including option expense of about $11 million pretax both this year and last year, the SG&A expense ratio declined 210 basis points to 43.7% of sales from 45.8% in the year-earlier period. Inventory levels at October 1, 2005, were $215 million, up about $11 million from $204 million or about 5% above prior-year levels.  As our supply chain improvements and inventory management program allowed us to support 24 net new North American stores, six net new CJI locations, and substantially increased sales levels with minimal additional inventory investment. Accounts receivable balances rose approximately $19 million, or 23%, driven by the strength of our U.S. wholesale business.  Our balances continued current and day sales outstanding remained very well controlled at 34 or about flat to last year. At the end of the first quarter, our cash and marketable securities position stood at $539 million, about the same as prior-year levels as a result of free cash flow driven by significantly higher net income and option exercises.  This was offset by substantial stock buybacks and the cash used to buy out Sumitomo's interest in Coach Japan, which, together totaled about $500 million. Our balance sheet remains essentially debt-free at quarter's end. As we mentioned in our press release, the company repurchased and retired 921,000 shares of common stock at an average cost of $32.54 during the first fiscal quarter.  At this time, approximately $220 million remains available for future repurchases under the recently expanded program, which expires in May of 2007. Net cash from operating activities in the first quarter was $54 million compared to $43 million last year during Q1.  Free cash flow in the first quarter was an inflow of $32 million versus an inflow of $27 million in the same period last year, primarily due to higher net income.  Capex spending, primarily for new stores and renovations, was $22 million versus $17 million in the same quarter a year ago. Now I'd like to provide you with some of our goals for fiscal 2006.  For the second fiscal quarter we are targeting net sales of at least $645 million, representing a year-on-year increase of at least 21% with comparable store sales gains of at least 10% in both the U.S. retail and factory channels and mid-single-digit comparable location sales growth in Japan.  Operating income, both before and after option expense, up at least 24% year-over-year.  Option expense in the second quarter is expected to total about $0.02 per share yielding earnings per share of at least $0.45 before option expense versus the analyst consensus of $0.44 a share and at least $0.43 after option expense, an increase of at least 32% both before and after option expense. Our current goals for the full fiscal year 2006 are, net sales growth of about 23% to $2.1 billion with at least 10% comparable store sales gains in both the U.S. retail and factory channels in all quarters and a total sales increase in Japan of at least 20% in constant currency, which would translate to sales of at least 47.5 billion yen; Japan sales are expected to be driven primarily by distribution growth through new store openings and expansions augmented by mid-single-digit same-location sales growth; and operating margin of well over 37% before option expense or about 34.5% including option expense as compared to 33.5 on the same basis in fiscal year '05; operating income dollar growth of at least 26% from FY05 levels both before option expense and including it; interest income of about $28 million will add to EPS this year. However, two factors will somewhat moderate that growth on the EPS line in 2006.  First, a higher share count brought about by option exercises and, secondly, a higher tax rate rising to 38% due to the fact that incremental taxable income is being taxed at higher rates. Including all of these factors, we expect to generate EPS growth of at least 28%, which will produce earnings per share, before option expense, of at least $1.28 compared with the analyst consensus estimate of $1.26.  Including option expense of about a dime, similar to the percentage impact in FY05, we are projecting EPS of $1.18 per share, up at least 28% from the $0.92 per share reported on the same basis in fiscal year '05. Separately, as mentioned on our August earnings call, we expect capex to rise to about $120 million in FY06 with the increase from the $95 million in '05 primarily due to our capitalizing on some outstanding new-store real estate opportunities.  We will also be investing in our New York corporate facilities where we have a long-term lease as well as in our distribution center in Jacksonville, Florida. We will be opening approximately 30 new U.S. retail and factory stores and continuing our North American expansion program.  In Japan, we will be opening an estimated 12 new locations including a flagship location in Kobe. While these are our current goals, our actual results may vary from these targets based upon a number of factors including those discussed under the business of Coach, Inc., and risk factors in our annual report on Form 10-K.  Coach also does not assume any obligation to update these targets as the year progresses. In summary, we are confident that our growth strategies will enable us to continue to gain share in the large and growing global market for fine accessories and gifts.  Thank you, everyone, for your attention.  And now Lew, Mike, Andrea, and I will be happy to take questions.
